Last updated: October 26, 2018This privacy policy describes our commitment to preserving the security of your Personal Data, your privacy, and your rights to your Personal Data.
It is written in plain language because we want to communicate this to you.
It therefore lacks some of the precision that a document drafted by and for legal professionals would have,
but it still represents our good faith effort at describing what we and you agree to when you entrust us with your data.PrinciplesAt AgileBits, we believe that the less information we know about you, the better.
After all, it is impossible to lose, misuse, or abuse information we don’t have.
To the extent that we have control over your data or data about you, we see ourselves as custodians of that data on your behalf.
We use your data solely to provide you with services in which you enroll.
Our business is providing 1Password products and services to you, the customer.
We have no desire or interest to use or transfer the limited data we acquire for any other purposes.
As stated in our GDPR statment, the services offered through 1Password.eu and 1Password.ca fully comply with the requirements of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).Who We AreAgileBits is a Canadian company located at Suite 303, 49 Spadina Ave, Toronto, Ontario, M5V 2J1, Canada.
AgileBits complies with Canadian privacy laws.
The European Union (“EU”) recognizes Canada as a destination country with “adequate level of protection” for data privacy of individuals.Who are YouUnless otherwise noted, we refer you, the Customer, as an owner or organizer of an individual, family, team, or business account.Non-OwnersIf you are a non-owner member of a team, business, or family account, your use of 1Password may be subject to your organization’s privacy policy or practices, if any.
Non-owner members of an account transfer some of the rights described here to the account owners.Information We Keep and How We Use ItWe retain two kinds of user information to deliver our services: Secure Data and Service Data.
Both are treated securely with respect for customer privacy and data confidentiality, but there are important technical and usage differences.Secure DataSecure Data is data that we are not capable of decrypting under any circumstance.
It includes all information stored within vaults in 1Password accounts.
This data is encrypted using secure cryptographic keys that exist only in the possession and under the control of our customers.
We have no way of accessing or providing decrypted Secure Data, and we never receive copies of unencrypted Secure Data.
Your Secure Data is your property.
We claim no rights to it beyond those necessary to deliver services to you.
You may add, modify, and delete Secure Data at your discretion.
If you do not have a 1Password account, you cannot provide us with Secure Data.Service DataWe inevitably acquire Service Data about your usage of 1Password, your account, and your payments through operating our services.
We retain only enough Service Data to operate and maintain the services.
This data is never used for any other purpose.
Service Data is kept confidential.
It is visible to our staff and includes, but is not limited to, server logs, billing information, client IP addresses, number of vaults and number of items in vaults, company or family name, and email addresses.
Service data includes the name you provide us for your profile and any image that you may upload as part of your profile.
We retain the right to hold and use Service Data to provide our services, troubleshoot problems, analyze the performance and demands on our services, and to provide our payment processors with the information they need to process payments.Diagnostic Data (Optional)Diagnostic Data is a type of Service Data which is not automatically collected or required for operation of our services.
In some cases we solicit diagnostic reports and other troubleshooting, bug, and crash reports from customers to help identify and solve problems with our products and services.
This information is sent to us explicitly on a case by case basis, or by users who explicitly opt into our beta software programs or who otherwise explicitly choose to provide diagnostic data to us.
Diagnostic Data may contain sensitive information about your devices and operating environment as well as personally identifying information.
Although there may be occasions when we ask for Diagnostic Data to assist you with a problem, you are never obligated to provide it.
Diagnostic data never includes decrypted Secure Data.
We will never ask for your Master Password or Secret Key.Keeping Your Information SafeWe understand and accept our responsibility to protect Service Data and Secure Data.
We use strict access control mechanisms, network isolation, and encryption to ensure that Secure and Service Data is only available to authorized personnel.
Additionally, Secure Data cannot be decrypted even by those who do have access to it.Data Processing Agreement (GDPR)1Password.eu and 1Password.ca fully comply with the GDPR, including the third country data transfer requirements.
1Password.com complies with everything except for third country data transfer requirements.Data Location and Transfer1Password.eu

1Password.eu data is held on servers located within the European Union.


Service Data access is restricted to members of our staff residing in either the EU or Canada.


The European Union recognizes Canada as a destination country with “adequate level of protection” for data privacy of individuals.

1Password.ca

1Password.ca data is held on servers located Canada.


Service Data access is restricted to members of our staff residing in Canada.


The European Union recognizes Canada as a destination country with “adequate level of protection” for data privacy of individuals.

1Password.com

1Password.com data is held on servers located within the United States.


Service Data is available to members of our staff irrespective of their location.


The transfer of 1Password Service Data to the United States has not yet been shown to comply with Articles 44–50 of the GDPR, and therefore European users of 1Password.com must accept the risk of data transfers to the United States or use 1Password.ca or 1Password.eu.

Customer support systemOur customer support and email services are hosted primarily in the United States.
Any information you choose send us through email or our customer support system may pass through and be stored on a variety of intermediate services.
If you wish, you may encrypt email to us using our PGP public key.Third-Party Data ProcessorsYour Secure and Service data are held by third party data processors, who provide us with hosting and other infrastructure services.
The locations of these are described above.
In many cases (but we cannot promise that this will always be the case) even Service data held by these
entities is encrypted with keys held only by us.
Data needed to process payments is collected by our payment processor, Stripe, Inc., which conforms to a U.S.-E.U.
Privacy Shield Framework.
See https://stripe.com/privacy-shield-policyContacting YouWe may use your contact information to communicate with you about Service activity, provide support, and send you other information such as product updates and announcements.
You may choose to stop receiving communications from us, except certain important notifications such as billing and account security alerts.Your Responsibilities for Protecting Your DataWhen you create a 1Password account you will receive an Secret Key and create a Master Password.
Your Secret Key is generated on your computer and your Master Password is something you create yourself.
For your protection, you should create a strong and unique Master Password to ensure that it is not easily guessed.
It is extremely important that you understand that anyone with both your Secret Key and Master Password can access your Secure Data.
It is equally important that you keep a copy in a safe place for your own reference, because future access to your Secure Data depends on having access to both your Secret Key and your Master Password.
We will never ask you for your Master Password or your full Secret Key, and you should never send either to us.
Due to the nature of our design and the sensitivity of the information you entrust to us (even in encrypted form), it may not be possible for us to help you with certain customer service requests unless you are listed as an account owner and are communicating from your verified email address.
In the event that you change your email address, is very important that you update your email on your 1Password account(s) or you may eventually lose access.Data PortabilityWe want happy customers, not trapped ones.
We will not lock you out of your own data.
However, we are unable to decrypt your Secure Data.
you will need your Master Password and Secret Key to decrypt it.
You may export your 1Password data at any time you wish during the life of your account.
If you discontinue payment, your account will enter a frozen (read-only) state for a period not less than six months during which you may still retrieve and export your data.
Export is limited to your Secure Data.
Vault permissions, the structure of groups of individuals, and other information about the relationship between individuals and data is not guaranteed to be included in export.Your Right to Knowing to What We KnowYou have the right to know what we know about you and to see how that data is handled.
You may request a screenshot of what we can see about you in our back office systems.
However, to protect customer privacy, such requests must be carefully authenticated beyond demonstrating control of the customer’s email address.Your Right to Have Your Data ErasedAs we are merely custodians of your data, account owners have the right to instruct us to remove data permanently from our systems.
To ensure that no one’s data is deleted without their consent, you must first delete your account through an authenticated session.
After your account has been deleted, the account owner may contact us and ask for the data to be expunged.
Once the request is authenticated, the data will be removed from our active systems within 72 hours.
Disaster recovery and data availability requirements mean that AgileBits has a legitimate interest in maintaining secure and immutable backups.
Erasure requests will leave those backups untouched, and we will only remove data from backups if legally compelled to.Cookies and TrackingWe do not engage in or support cross-service tracking.
We do set and use cookies (small text files placed on your device) on our own domains and subdomains to store settings that assist with identifying your account for sign-in.
We also use third party analytics packages for our public pages that may set cookies on your computer.
These are limited to our domains, and do not involve cross-service tracking.
You may disable cookies in your browser and continue to use our services without impact.
Client applications, including web browsers, will store information about your account to assist with future sign-ins and keep some information available to you when you are not signed in.
Users may remove all such information from their devices, but doing so will require that they provide complete information (account details, Master Password, and Secret Key) on subsequent sign-ins.Consent for Underage EnrollmentThose under the age of 16 may not use the services without the consent or authorization of their parent or legal custodian.
Family account organizers and team owners are responsible for that authorization when they add someone under the age of 16 to an account.DisclosureWe will comply with applicable law with respect to providing Service Data and encrypted Secure Data to law enforcement agencies.
If permitted, we will notify you of such a request and whether or not we have complied.
Your Secure Data remains encrypted with keys which we do not posses, and so we can only hand over Secure Data in encrypted form.
Some Service Data is made available to family account organizers and team owners.
In some limited circumstances we may provide some information to non-owner members of these accounts.
Account owners will be informed in these circumstances.Breach NotificationIf the confidentiality of customer data is breached, we recognize our responsibility to our customers and to the public to disclose the nature of the risk and provide a transparent account of the events without undue delay.
At a bare minimum, we must inform the applicable supervisory authorities as required by law and regulation.Updates to our Privacy PolicyAt our discretion, we may make changes to this Policy and note the date of the last revision.
You should check here frequently if you need to know of updates to our Privacy Policy.
We maintain the right to send you annoying email informing you of substantive changes.
Previous versions will be made available from this page.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Policy, you can contact our support team or write us by mail at:
Suite 303, 49 Spadina Ave
Toronto, Ontario
M5V 2J1, Canada
Supervisory AuthorityIf you have concerns or complaints about this policy or practices with regard to that you do not feel you can resolve through contacting us, you should bring those concerns to your local regulatory authority.
For residents of the European Union, our primary Supervisory Authority is the Berlin Commissioner for Data Protection and Information Freedom.
Berliner Beauftragte für Datanschutz und Informationsfreiheit
Friedrichstr.
219
10969 Berlin, Germany Tel.: +49 30 13889-0
Fax: +49 30 2155050
E-Mail: mailbox@datenschutz-berlin.de
https://www.datenschutz-berlin.de/

🙌 Thanks for reading! ❤️Glossary
AgileBits, we, our, Service Provider
AgileBits Inc.,a Canadian company located at Suite 303, 49 Spadina Ave, Toronto, Ontario, M5V 2J1, Canada.
Owners and operators of 1Password.
As Data Processors, we include AgileBits’ employees and subcontractors appointed by AgileBits.
Data Processor
Data Processor as defined by the GDPR.
We and the subprocessors (hosting services, payment processors)we appoint are the Data Processors.
Master Password
A user secret that, along with the user’s Secret Key, is necessary to decrypt Secure Data.
AgileBits staff, staff
Our Directors, employees, and subcontractors
GDPR
European Union’s [General Data Protection Regulation](http://data.europa.eu/eli/reg/2016/679/oj
Decrypt
Decryption transforms encrypted data back to its original form.
It cannot be performed without the appropriate cryptographic key.
Encrypt, Encryption
Encryption transforms usable data into a form that conceals all information contained in the original data.
This day transformation uses a cryptographic key.
Owner, Organizer
Business and Family accounts, which allow for multiple members, will have Owners or Organizers.
Owners and Organizers have some rights over the data belonging to members of the Business or Family.
Personal Data
As defined in the GDPR
Secret Key
A user secret typically stored on the user’s device that is necessary, along with the user’s Master Password to decrypt Secure Data.
Subprocessor
Anyone other than us who we have appointed to process customer data.
Subprocessors can see no more data than we can see.
Examples include our data hosting providers and payment processors.
Supervisory Authority
A local regulator under the GDPR which has the job of seeing that we protect your data properly.
Secure Data
Data encrypted with keys derived from the user’s Master Password and Secret Key.
This data cannot be decrypted by AgileBits.
Service Data
Data about a user account, which is available to AgileBits.
You, Data Subject
You are the Data Subject as defined in the GDPR.
In general, we are addressing “you” as the Owner or Organizer of an Individual, Family, Team, or Business account.
Change log

[2018-10-26]

We changed our office address.



2018-05-11

List GDPR Supervisory Authority.



2018-04-04:

Typographical error corrected.
No change in meaning.



2018-03-15:

More explicity include data processing agreement (GDPR)
Status of AgileBits contractors and employees wrt to data processing (GDPR)
More GDPR terms in the glossary.
Open with a statement of purpose of this document
Business accounts
Explicitly discuss philosophy that customer has rights to their own data (spirit of GDPR)
Right of Erasure (GDPR)
Right to Access (GDPR)
Breach notification (GDPR)



2017-09-07:

We clarified how we help you keep your data when we part ways.
We also expanded on how your Secure Data is handled on our end.



2017-02-02:

Orginal version


Archived versions Last updated: April 23, 2019These Terms of Service (“Terms”, “Terms of Service”, “Agreement”, or “Service Agreement”) govern your relationship with the 1Password Service (the “Service”) operated by AgileBits, Inc.
(“us”, “we”, or “our”).
It is important that you read this carefully because you will be legally bound to these terms.
Your access to and use of the Service is based on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms.
These Terms apply to all visitors, users, customers, and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms and accept all legal consequences.
If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in whole or in part, please do not use the Service.Description of ServiceThe “Service” means (a) AgileBits’ password managing, secure document storing, administrative and related systems and technologies, as well as the website https://1password.com (the “Site”), and (b) all software (including the Software, as defined below), applications, data, text, images, and other content made available by or on behalf of AgileBits.
Any modifications to the Service are also subject to these Terms.
AgileBits reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service or any feature or functionality thereof at any time without notice.
All rights, title and interest in and to the Service will remain with and belong exclusively to AgileBits.SubscriptionsSome parts of the Service are billed on a subscription basis (“Subscription(s)”).
You will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic basis (“Billing Cycle”).
Billing cycles are set on a regular basis, typically monthly or yearly.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, your Subscription will automatically renew under the same conditions unless you cancel it or AgileBits, Inc.
cancels it.
You may cancel your Subscription renewal either through your online account management page or by contacting AgileBits, Inc.
customer support team.
A valid payment method, including credit card, is required to process the payment for your Subscription.
You shall provide AgileBits, Inc.
or its third-party payment processor, with accurate and complete billing information including full name, address, state, zip code, and valid payment method information.
By submitting such payment information, you automatically authorize AgileBits, Inc.
to charge all Subscription fees incurred through your account to any such payment instruments.
All amounts paid are non-refundable.
You further agree to be responsible for all taxes associated with the Service, along with any transaction fees and currency conversions added by your financial institution and intermediaries.
All amounts are in US Dollars.Free TrialAgileBits, Inc.
may, at its sole discretion, offer a Subscription with a free trial for a limited period of time (“Free Trial”).
You may be required to enter your billing information in order to sign up for the Free Trial.
If you do enter your billing information when signing up for the Free Trial, you will not be charged by AgileBits, Inc.
until the Free Trial has expired.
On the last day of the Free Trial period, unless you cancelled your Subscription, you will be automatically charged the applicable Subscription fees for the type of Subscription you have selected.
At any time and without notice, AgileBits, Inc.
reserves the right to (i) modify the terms and conditions of the Free Trial offer, or (ii) cancel such Free Trial offer.Fee ChangesAgileBits, Inc., in its sole discretion and at any time, may modify the Subscription fees for the Subscriptions.
Any Subscription fee change will become effective at the end of the then-current Billing Cycle.
AgileBits, Inc.
will provide you with reasonable prior notice of any change in Subscription fees to give you an opportunity to terminate your Subscription before such change becomes effective.
Your continued use of the Service after the Subscription fee change comes into effect constitutes your agreement to pay the modified Subscription fee amount.RefundsWhile all amounts paid are non-refundable, certain refund requests for Subscriptions may be considered by AgileBits, Inc.
on a case-by-case basis and granted at the sole discretion of AgileBits, Inc..AccountsWhen you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times.
Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party.
You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you without appropriate authorization, or a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene.Intellectual PropertyThe Service and all contents, including but not limited to text, images, graphics or code are the property of AgileBits, Inc.
and are protected by copyright, trademarks, database and other intellectual property rights.
You may display and copy, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the Service only for your own non-commercial use.
Any other use is strictly prohibited and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
These Terms do not grant you a license to use any trademark of AgileBits, Inc.
or its affiliates.
You further agree not to use, change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the Service.User-Generated Content“Your Data” means any data and content which you upload, store, retrieve, or otherwise make available through the Service.
You retain all of the rights to Your Data.
You agree to grant AgileBits, Inc.
a license to store, retrieve, backup, restore, and otherwise copy Your Data so that we may provide you with the Service.Links To Other Web SitesThe Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by AgileBits, Inc..
AgileBits, Inc.
has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services.
You further acknowledge and agree that AgileBits, Inc.
shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such websites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.Operational EmailsThe Service may send operational emails including but not limited to: billing emails, account activity emails, and service updates.
These are required to provide the Service.TerminationYou are entitled to cease using our Services at any time and for any reason without notice to us, but you will continue to be charged for Services until you cancel your account by logging in or contacting us.
Our duty is to keep our Service as safe and well maintained as possible.
To this end, we may need to terminate accounts for violations of these Terms.
In the following circumstances we will provide notice to you prior to termination of your account: (a) you are in breach of these Terms.
or (b) you are using our Services in a way that can cause or has caused a risk of harm or loss to either AgileBits or our other customers.
In such an event our notice will be via email to all or any of the registered account holders, which includes but is not limited to “Family Organizers” and “Team Owners” as they are listed in your account at the time of notice.
If you remedy the issues that cause us to send the notice, to our satisfaction, then we will not terminate your access or license to our Services.
If you do not remedy the outstanding causes of our termination notice in these circumstances, then we will terminate your account.
In the event of such a termination we will provide you with the ability to take your data with you.
There are three very limited circumstances in which we will be unable to send notice to you prior to terminating your access to our Services: (i) you are in material breach of these Terms in such a way as to immediately and seriously endanger us and other users.
(ii) we are unable to send you notice because this would cause us legal liability or a disruption to our Service.
and (iii) we are unable to notify you due to law.
If we terminate your account for the reasons outlined in i-iii, then we will work with you to ensure you retain copies of your data, wherever permitted by law.
All provisions of the Terms shall survive termination, including without limitation: ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease.Limitation Of LiabilityAgileBits, Inc., its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, shall not be liable for (A) any loss or damage, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, economic loss, loss or damage to electronic media or data, goodwill, or other intangible losses, or (B) for any amount in the aggregate in excess of the fees actually paid by you in the six (6) months preceding the event giving rise to your claim, resulting from (i) your access to or use of the Service.
(ii) your inability to access or use the Service.
(iii) any conduct or content of any third-party on or related to the Service.
(iv) any content obtained from or through the Service.
and (v) the unauthorized access to, use of or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other claim in law, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.Disclaimer And Non-Waiver of RightsAgileBits, Inc.
makes no guarantees, representations or warranties of any kind as regards the website and associated technology.
Any purportedly applicable warranties, terms and conditions are excluded, to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk.
The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis.
The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance, except as provided for under the laws of any province in Canada.
In such cases, the provincial law shall apply to the extent necessary.
AgileBits, Inc.
its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location.
b) any errors or defects will be corrected.
c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components.
or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
If you breach any of these Terms and AgileBits, Inc.
chooses not to immediately act, or chooses not to act at all, AgileBits, Inc.
will still be entitled to all rights and remedies at any later date, or in any other situation, where you breach these Terms.
AgileBits, Inc.
does not waive any of its rights.
AgileBits, Inc.
shall not be responsible for any purported breach of these Terms caused by circumstances beyond its control.
A person who is not a party to these Terms shall have no rights of enforcement.
You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these Terms.ExclusionsAs set out, above, some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Provincial laws of Canada may apply to certain products and service provided.Governing LawThese Terms shall be governed by, and interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the laws in the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada, as applicable.
If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then any remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements, oral or otherwise, regarding the Service.Dispute ResolutionAll disputes and questions whatsoever which shall arise between AgileBits Inc.
and you in connection with this Service Agreement, or the construction or application thereof or any provision contained in this Service Agreement or as to any act, deed or omission of any party or as to any other matter in any way relating to this Service Agreement, shall be resolved by arbitration.
Such arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator.
The arbitrator shall be appointed by agreement between the parties or, in default of such agreement, such arbitrator shall be appointed by a Judge of the Superior Court of Justice sitting in Toronto, upon the application of any of the parties and such judge shall be entitled to act as such arbitrator, if he or she so desires.
Unless otherwise agreed to by the parties, arbitration shall be held in the City of Toronto, Province of Ontario.
The procedure to be followed shall be agreed to by the parties or, in default of such agreement, determined by the arbitrator.
The arbitration shall proceed in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration Act 1991 (Ontario).
The arbitrator shall have the power to proceed with the arbitration and to deliver his or her award notwithstanding the default by any party in respect of any procedural order made by the arbitrator.
The decision arrived at by the arbitrator shall be final and binding and no appeal shall lie therefrom.
Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.ChangesWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time.
If a revision is material we will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days’ notice prior to any new terms taking effect.
What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms.
If you do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.
The Change Log section below is not a part of these Terms, nor is the Terms of Service archive or any content linked therefrom.Contact UsIf you have any questions about these Terms, you can contact our support team or write us by mail at:
Suite 303, 49 Spadina Ave
Toronto, Ontario
M5V 2J1, Canada

🙌 Thanks for reading! ❤️Change Log2019-04-04: We added a section about operational emails.2018-10-26: We changed our office address.2017-09-08: We clarified what happens if we part ways.Archived revisions