 Accessibility Statement We are committed to making our websites and mobile applications usable by all people, whatever their abilities or disabilities.
To achieve this we strive to comply with the W3C’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1.
Use the right assistive technology to customise this site to your needs
While the site has been created to be usable ‘as is’, many people will enjoy the most accessible experience by customising their device to suit individual needs.
For example, use a screen reader such as JAWS, NVDA or Voiceover to have the site read out loud, or change web page colour-schemes, or increase text size using web browser tools.
The BBC’s Accessibility Help page provides comprehensive assistance with changing browser, computer, keyboard and mouse settings to make the web more accessible.
Watching or listening to media
Keyboard shortcuts
Control media playback with handy keyboard shortcuts. Keyboard Shortcut
Action Space or Enter
Pause or play video Esc
Exit fullscreen Up and Down arrows
Increase or decrease volume by 10% Right and Left arrows
Seek forward or backward by 5 seconds 0-9
Fast seek to x% of the video c
Toggle captions off, on, or cycle through the available tracks f
Enter or exit fullscreen m
Mute or unmute video volume Captions
Captions are subtitles specifically designed to help people with impaired hearing.
Captions show synchronised dialogue identifying speakers where needed, and describe important sounds.
They are available as a screen overlay for many programs.
Captions are mostly prepared in advance for accuracy.
However sometimes conveying information fast is considered more important than absolute accuracy, such as breaking news.

Which ABC iview programs are captioned?
How to enable closed captions on ABC iview 

Limitations of this site’s accessibility
While we’ve done a lot to ensure this site is accessibility, you may find some limitations:

We always aim to communicate clearly, and as simply as possible.
however some of the articles may require a reasonable level of technical understanding due to the technical nature of what they are about.
Being a media organisation, many of our stories contain multimedia components such as audio and video.
We are working to add captions, text transcripts and audio description to stories.
While the site has been created to be as accessible as possible and has been reviewed by accessibility experts, some of the website has not yet been fully user-tested with people who have disabilities.

Let us know if you have difficulties using this site
If you find anything on the site difficult to use please contact us with details of your experience.
You can help get to the bottom of your difficulty faster by providing us with the information suggested in Contacting Organisations about Inaccessible Websites.
All constructive feedback regarding the accessibility or usability of this website is welcome and will be carefully considered.
This statement was last updated on 05 June 2018.   ABC Privacy Policy Policy Statement
The ABC (“we”, “us”, “our”) is committed to protecting your privacy when you interact with us, our content, products, or services.  We are bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
Purpose of this Policy
This policy explains our personal information handling practices.
It describes how we may collect, use, and disclose information about you or your use of our content, products, or services.  This policy is for the benefit of members of the Australian community who use our products, services or ABC Shop Online.
ABC Program Material is not subject to the Privacy Act.
it is governed by the ABC Code of Practice and ABC Editorial Policies.
If we make changes to this policy, we will post those changes on the privacy page of the ABC’s website.  You can find the date of the most recent review at the end of this document.
1.
Collection of Personal Information
1.1 How we collect personal information
The main circumstances in which the ABC collects personal information about you are:
(a) when you provide it to us
If you register as a user of ABC digital services, you will provide information to us as part of your registration.  You may also give us information when you buy from ABC Shop Online, enter competitions or otherwise participate in ABC functions or activities.
For information about our collection and retention of payment information see below. Payment information Your credit card details are only stored and transmitted in encrypted form.
Unencrypted credit card information is not stored on our servers.
Online credit card payments are currently processed using a third-party payment gateway service provider run by eWay.
This provider delivers a PCI-DSS (plastic card industry data security scheme) compliant payment gateway service to ABC Shop Online that is used to securely process customer payments.
For more information, you can read the eWay Privacy Policy here.
If you use PayPal or Afterpay to complete your transaction, your personal information (including credit card information) will be collected and used by PayPal and Afterpay.
For more information, you can read the PayPal Privacy Policy here and the Afterpay Privacy Policy here.
If you use your credit card and the transaction is manual rather than electronic, the imprinted record will be stored by ABC Shop Online for the period that financial records are required to be retained. (b) when someone else provides it to us on your behalf
Sometimes someone else such as a carer (including a parent) or friend might provide us with information about you so that we can provide you with products or services.  Other times we may collect personal information about you from publicly available sources.
For more information about our practices in relation to children, see below. Additional information for parents and young people Some digital services provided by the ABC are specifically designed for children.
ABC KIDS for pre-school children and ABC ME for older children.
The online protection of children is a shared responsibility between the ABC, the parent or carer, and the child.
We strongly encourage parents and carers to monitor and participate in their children’s use of the ABC’s digital services.
The ABC aims to ensure that children and young people who engage with our online spaces understand the possible risks they face and how to minimise them.
ABC digital spaces designed for children are subject to House Rules which guide participation and are designed to maintain safe and appropriate behaviour.
House Rules include restrictions on the types of personal information the ABC allows children to communicate publicly.
Content submitted to ABC children’s sites is largely pre-moderated in order to enforce the House Rules and protect children.
If your child is participating in online community activities, we recommend you read the House Rules for that space with your child and explain anything to them that they may not understand.
The ABC policy in relation to Cookies, Beacons, Local Storage and Other technologies described below apply to all ABC properties, including those specifically designed for children.
Parents and carers should be aware that if their children are using social media sites that were not designed for their age group, they will be exposed to the various tracking and analytic technologies applied by third parties when they access or share ABC content on or via those sites. (c) when we collect it in relation to your use of digital services
We also collect information about your use of our digital services including our websites and apps.
This is mainly to improve your experience and our digital services.
The ABC uses technologies like cookies, web beacons and local storage as part of its digital services.  When you use our websites, mobile sites, mobile applications, or applications on any other devices such as Apple TV, Chromecast or PlayStation, these technologies may be used to make our digital services easier to use and more relevant including by customising your user experience.
For further information about these technologies and our practices, see here.
If you are a registered ABC online user, we may link the information collected about you to your account.    

If you are not a registered ABC online user, then we will track this information by reference to digital information such as an IP address and will not seek to identify you.
If we do not collect information about you or your use of our digital services, we may not be able to provide you with certain digital services, or we may not be able to tailor or enhance your viewing or listening experience of our digital services. Use of Cookies, Beacons, local storage, and Other Technologies Across our digital services 
What are these technologies?

A “cookie” is a small data file downloaded to your computer or device which lets our digital service gather and store information.
Your web browser then sends these cookies back to the website or application on each subsequent visit so they can recognise you and remember things such as your personalised settings or preferences.
A “web beacon” is a small amount of code on a web page, application or in an email notification that allows the site to record simple actions of the user such as whether they have viewed a piece of content.
These requests can gather information from a website such as: the IP address of your computer, the time the material was viewed, the type of browser used, and the existence of cookies previously set by that server.
This is information that is available to any web server you visit and these beacons represent a convenient method of gathering simple statistics and managing cookies.
“Local storage” is a technology that allows a website or application to store information locally on your computer or device.

Why do we use these technologies?

The ABC uses these technologies in a variety of ways to deliver, measure and improve our services and products.
These uses generally fall into one of the following categories:

Site and application functionality: To enable interactive features such as forums, voting, some games, and online shopping at the ABC Shop Online website.
For instance, cookies allow our servers to keep track of your customer details between visits to the ABC Shop Online website.
Credit card information is never stored in a cookie.
The information stored by the cookie includes data that is provided during online registration processes.
They can allow us to remember your place in a video so you can pick up where you left off or remember your preferences and settings so you get your local weather or preferred radio station.
Promotional targeting: Placing cookies on your device also means we can serve you promotional information that you might be more interested in.
The promotional information can appear on third party digital services as well as ABC digital services.
It also allows us to control the number of times you see that promotional information and measure how effective the campaign has been.
Audience analytics: The aggregate information gathered from these technologies helps us to improve our products and understand how people use our services.
For more information see Section 3 below.
Personalised content and services: Information about what content is viewed allows us to customize our services with more relevant content like tailored trends or recommendations.
For example, by knowing what articles you have already read, cookies can help us make smarter and more relevant suggestions about what new content you might enjoy or find useful.

More information about these technologies is available on the ABC’s website here.

Audience analytics that DO NOT identify you

The analytics systems used by the ABC are cookies, web beacons, local storage, and other technologies which are used to gather information regarding visitor activity on the ABC’s digital services.
This is not used to identify personal details but to evaluate and improve our services or to offer improved services based on aggregated visitor trends.
Generally, these services are provided to the ABC by third parties.
For instance, ABC uses Facebook and Google Analytics.
More information about how Google uses information from sites or apps can be found here.
The ABC also engages independent measurement companies such as Nielsen as part of the industry body Interactive Advertising Body (IAB).
Nielsen provides its privacy information here.
Some of the ABC’s digital applications may include a tag owned by Nielsen which will enable Nielsen to collect non-personal information for market research or audience ratings services.
Information about Nielsen’s measurement software and user options are available here.

Controlling and deleting cookies

Popular browsers will usually give users a level of control over cookies.
You can set your browsers to accept or reject all, or certain, cookies.
You can also set your browser to prompt you each time a cookie is offered.
Most cookies are easy to delete, and the ‘Help’ function within your browser should tell you how.
Some digital services may not load properly or function as intended if cookies are disabled, however it is up to you to determine the balance of convenience and computer privacy that you are comfortable with.
Some browsers offer ‘Do Not Track’ (DNT) cookies, which send an additional piece of information when a cookie is downloaded that the user does not wish to be tracked.
There are no legal or technical requirements regarding the use of a DNT cookie.
The ABC’s digital properties do not recognise DNT cookies.
The ABC uses web beacons in combination with cookies to track activity.
Turning off a browser’s cookies will prevent web beacons from tracking your specific activity.  The web beacon will still record your visit anonymously, however your unique information will not be recorded.  If you turn off cookies then we will not be able to personalise or customise content for you, which will affect your user experience.

Cookies used by the ABC

The ABC uses the following types of cookies:



Session Computer Browser Cookies 

– Session cookies let you move from page to page without the need to repeatedly sign in.
For instance, these cookies are used by the ABC Shop Online website to keep track of things such as what you put in your shopping cart.
A session browser cookie is stored in the browser and deleted when the browser shuts down.


Persistent Cookies 

– Persistent cookies are used to help us monitor the performance of our digital services by recording your browsing behaviour within the particular digital service.
These browser cookies can only be read by the company that places the cookies on the computer.
Persistent cookies are saved to the hard drive until they expire.
Unlike session browser cookies, they are not deleted when the browser is shut down.


Flash Cookies
 – also known as Local Shared Objects, are used to track activity in applications that are running in Adobe Flash Player.
Designed for usability, they allow user’s custom settings to remain in place between visits.


Third party cookies, beacons, and other technologies

The ABC uses a number of suppliers who also set cookies, use beacons, or other technology, on our digital services on our behalf in order to deliver the services that they are providing.
Such third parties may include social media providers, video / audio sharing services or digital advertising agencies and include Google and Facebook.
For instance, if we embed photos and video content from third parties such as Facebook and YouTube, those third parties may have set cookies relating to that content.
If you then “share” that content, another third-party cookie may be set by the service you have chosen to share content through.
The ABC cannot control these cookies, and does not block cookies set by third parties in these ways.

Audience analytics that identify you

If you have registered for an ABC Account and have consented to us doing so, we may combine information from your registration with the data we get from digital content discovery technologies.
This is done in order to analyse how you and other people use our digital products and services in detail and, where you have opted to receive such communications, to send you email and other communications that might be of interest to you.
This information may also be used to provide personalised services or content suggestions based on your previous use of our digital services.  The combined information may include information that is collected by these technologies while you are not signed in, and information that was collected using cookies and similar technologies before you registered or signed in.
You will be asked to agree to this use when you register for an ABC Account.
Where the combined information can be used to identify you, we may use and disclose it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
  1.2 Purposes for which we collect, use, and disclose personal information

ABC Audiences and Customers

The purposes for which we collect, use and disclose personal information include:

to provide our products and services to you (including physical delivery);
to improve our products and services, including conducting surveys;
to tailor and enhance your viewing or listening experience;
to manage our relationship with you, including:

(a) communicating with you about our products or services, including providing information about products or services which we consider may be of interest to you;
(b) billing you for any products or services that we charge for such as ABC Shops;
(c) investigating any complaints made by or about you;
(d) managing any request by you to return or exchange a product at a later date.
and
(e) to otherwise offer you assistance, including, by providing technical support;

to conduct competitions or promotions on behalf of the ABC or industry third parties we have entered into agreements with;
for statistical and research purposes;
to obtain professional services as required including legal, accounting or insurance services;
if permitted or required by law;
otherwise with your consent.
or
for purposes directly related to any one or more of the above.

We will not send you unsolicited direct marketing emails, without your prior consent, unless we are permitted to do so by law.
We will always give you the option to opt out of further communications.  We may send you electronic communications for account administration purposes for so long as you are a registered user or customer of the ABC.
1.3 Disclosure of personal information
We may disclose your personal information that we collect to our:

technology service providers, including, internet service providers, app service providers, cloud hosting service providers, software suppliers, and maintenance and support service providers and security services on a confidential basis so that they can provide services to us;
ABC Shop Online fulfilment partners such as Australia Post, product distributors, third party suppliers, third party vendors, gift card suppliers and loyalty program suppliers;
marketing, promotions and ratings service providers;
analytics service providers including Facebook and Google Analytics (for more information, you can read the Google Analytics Terms of Service here).
and
subscription service providers and their mailing houses.

These third parties may be located in Australia or outside Australia, including but not limited to New Zealand, Singapore, the UK, the Netherlands, Ireland, Israel, India, and the USA.
The ABC has a statutory obligation to take contractual measures to ensure that its contracted service providers do not do an act or engage in a practice that would breach an Australian Privacy Principle if done or engaged in by the ABC.
The ABC will not sell or receive payment for licensing or disclosing your personal information.
The ABC may include links to third party content on its website and in other electronic communications.  The ABC does not have any control over the privacy practices of those third parties.  Please check the website of each relevant third party for details of their privacy policies.  The ABC does not control who links to the ABC’s site.
1.4 Options to enter into additional privacy terms
We will sometimes give you an option to use products or services which are provided in conjunction with other entities such as social media networks.  If we do this, you will be given privacy information before being asked to consent to the terms and conditions of that service.  You should read the privacy policy and terms and conditions of each service very carefully before deciding whether to accept them.  You should also be careful to ensure that you only post information online if you are happy for it to be and to remain publicly available.
2.
Seeking access to, and updating, information we hold about you
You have the right to request access to personal information that is held by the ABC about you.
Requests for access will be dealt with by the ABC in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act 
1982 (Cth) or Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
You also have the right to request the correction of any of your personal information that the ABC holds.
The ABC will take reasonable steps to make appropriate corrections to personal information so that it is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
To seek access to, or correction of, your personal information please contact the ABC Privacy Officer, whose details are below.
Personal information that you have provided to ABC Shop Online (such as your name, invoice and delivery addresses, phone number, or email address) is accessible by you by registering with ABC Shop Online.
If you register with ABC Shop Online you will need to retain a username and password.
The ABC recommends that you update your personal information if your details change so that our records are accurate, complete and up-to-date.
3.
Making a complaint
The ABC welcomes feedback about privacy issues and will attend to all questions and complaints promptly.
Please contact our Privacy Officer using the details below if you would like to make a complaint.  If the ABC takes more than 30 days to respond to your privacy complaint, or if you are dissatisfied with the outcome, you can make a complaint to the Privacy Commissioner at the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
The OAIC can be contacted on 1300 363 992 or at www.oaic.gov.au
4.
Privacy contact officer contact details
If you wish to contact our privacy officer, please use the following contact details:
By email:      privacy.abc@abc.net.au
By mail:        ABC Privacy Officer
Australian Broadcasting Corporation
GPO Box 9994
Your State or Territory
Related documents
This policy should be read in conjunction with the following related documents:

Employee, Contractor, and Supplier Privacy Policy

Questions?
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact the ABC Privacy Officer, privacy.abc@abc.net.au


September 2018
   Terms of Use 
Using ABC Online Services
Contributing content
ABC Online Communities
Use of ABC Content
Children
Privacy
Disclaimers
General
Enquiries/Complaints
Registration

1.
Using ABC Online Services
The ABC provides its online services, including ABC-managed spaces on third party platforms, (ABC Online Services) on the following terms.
By continuing to access the ABC Online Services, you agree to be bound by the terms outlined below and any additional terms (including House Rules) outlined within the specific service you access.
Please check this page regularly so you are aware of any updates to the terms.
If you do not agree with any of the terms, as updated or amended, please do not use the service.
2.
Contributing Content
You are responsible for all content you contribute to any ABC Online Services, including text, photos, videos, audio and links (Your Content).
By contributing content to any ABC Online Service, you grant the ABC a royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to use Your Content in any way that we want, and in any media worldwide.
This may include the use of your photos or video on ABC television, transmission of the material by our overseas partners and syndication to our Australian content partners.
You retain copyright and any other rights you hold in Your Content and can continue to share and commercialise Your Content as you wish.
You confirm you own or have the right to use any copyright material included in Your Content (including music, photos, quotes and excerpts of audio or video), that you have permission of anyone appearing or performing in Your Content and that you are not infringing any person’s rights by submitting the content to the ABC.
You also confirm you have, where appropriate, sought the consent of the parent or guardian of any person under the age of 18 who is featured in Your Content.
Please ensure you keep your own copies of Your Content as the ABC may not archive, store or back-up Your Content nor continue to make Your Content accessible online.
The ABC will endeavour to provide you with an appropriate credit when using Your Content on ABC platforms, though you understand and agree this may not always be possible.
3.
ABC Online Communities
While encouraging rigorous debate and the sharing of diverse opinions, the ABC expects community members to treat each other with respect and courtesy.
These standards apply to interaction within all ABC Online Services including official ABC accounts established on third-party social media sites.
You understand and agree the ABC has ultimate editorial control over all its online services.
The ABC may edit, remove or exercise its discretion not to publish your contribution for legal, editorial or operational reasons including if the ABC considers it to be:

defamatory, or otherwise unlawful or that it violates laws regarding harassment, discrimination, racial vilification, privacy or contempt;
intentionally false or misleading;
an infringement of intellectual property rights including copyright;
abusive, offensive or obscene;
inappropriate, off topic, repetitive or vexatious.
For example the ABC reserves the right to reject contributions that have been widely canvassed in the forum.
It also reserves the right to reject contributions from participants who seek to dominate the discussion;
compromising the privacy of any person or containing inappropriate personal information;
seeking to endorse commercial products or services;
seeking to directly solicit donations;
deliberate provocation of other community members.
or
impersonating someone else and/or posting on behalf of a suspended member.

If you breach these Terms of Use, the ABC may block your account or contributions.
The ABC values the role of its communities in guiding content standards and etiquette among members.
If you have concerns about inappropriate content on an ABC Online Service you can alert the moderator of that space.
When accessing or participating in an ABC-managed space on a third party platform, such as channels, pages or feeds hosted on an external site, you agree to comply with the terms and conditions specified by that third party platform.
The ABC recommends you make sure you understand the privacy settings for each platform with which you engage and choose appropriate options to protect your personal details and content shared.
4.
Use Of ABC Content
All intellectual property rights in the content, software and systems owned by or licensed to the ABC on any ABC Online Services, including logos, images, names, designs, trademarks and copyright (ABC Content) are reserved to the ABC and its licensors.
Such content is provided for your personal, non-commercial use only.
Unless specifically noted in the House Rules for a particular service, you may not otherwise reproduce, republish, modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, reverse engineer or disassemble ABC Content, without obtaining the ABC’s prior written permission.
You agree not to remove, obscure, or alter any ABC copyright notice or trademark on any content you access and use.
You also agree not to use ABC Content in a way that implies endorsement by the ABC or any person included in the materials.
The ABC is releasing certain archive materials through special initiatives including the Open Archive Project and Pool.
Further information on Open Archive Project, ABC Archives and ABC Pool is available online.
If you are interested in using ABC Content other than for personal, non-commercial use, please contact ABC Library Sales for further information.
Entitlements under Parts VA, VB and section 183 of the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) are reserved to the ABC.
For educational institutions: Visit www.screen.org for information about Part VA (download of audio-visual content) and www.copyright.com.au for information about Part VB (copying text/images).
5.
Children
The online protection of children is a shared responsibility between the ABC, the parent/guardian and the child.
The ABC aims to ensure that children and young people (under 18) who engage with our online spaces understand the possible risks they face and how to minimise them.
When contributions are sought from, likely to have been submitted by, or include children and/or young people (under 18), the ABC will, where appropriate, seek the consent of a child’s parent or guardian before using a child’s contribution on ABC platforms.
Parents seeking appropriate content for young children and advice regarding information regarding online safety can find the ABC’s children’s online destinations at www.abc.net.au/children/.
6.
Privacy
Any personal details and data acquired by the ABC from your participation in any ABC Online Services will be used only in accordance with the ABC’s Privacy Policy.
7.
Disclaimers
The ABC does not endorse the views or material contained in the contributions of members of the public or third party sites.
The ABC is not responsible for the content, availability or performance of external sites linked to or hosting ABC Online Services.
ABC Online Services are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis.
You understand and agree that you use ABC Online Services at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss whatsoever that results from such use.
The ABC disclaims to the fullest extent permitted by law all guarantees, warranties or representations of merchantability, acceptable quality and fitness for any purpose, security, reliability, accuracy, timeliness, and performance of ABC Online Services and any content contained therein.
8.
General
These Terms of Use will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New South Wales which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes.
If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision or portion of these Terms of Use to be unenforceable, the remainder of these Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
10.
Enquiries/Complaints
For information regarding use of ABC Content contact ABC Library Sales.
If you have concerns about inappropriate or infringing content accessed through any ABC Online Services, please alert the moderator of that service where available.
You can also contact the ABC using the online contact form.
Complaints regarding ABC programming can be forwarded using the complaint form.
11.
Registration
You may be required to register an account in order to access and/or contribute to certain ABC Online Services.
Any identifying or contact details required for registration will only be used in accordance with the ABC’s Privacy Policy.
The ABC may refuse registration of users whose suggested login names are considered inappropriate, impersonating another person or attempting to create multiple accounts for or on behalf of a suspended member.
You may terminate your account at any time by unsubscribing (where that option is available) or by contacting the ABC at registration@your.abc.net.au.
However your content may continue to be available online after termination.
The ABC may suspend or block your account if you breach the Terms of Use. 