 
Blur
DeleteMe

Blur: Simply better passwords, payments, &amp.
privacy.
DeleteMe: Because it's too easy for anyone to find you.



Sign Up
Log In
Blur
DeleteMe
Navigation
Blog
Company
Go Premium
Support
Blur
DeleteMe
Contact Us


 GO PREMIUM 
 Sign Up 
Blur
DeleteMe


 Log In 
Blur
DeleteMe


 Support 
Blur
DeleteMe


 About 
Blog
Company


Blog
Company

GO PREMIUM

 Legal 
Privacy Policy
Data Use Chart
Third Party Data Sharing
Requesting or Deleting Your Data
Terms of Service
License Agreements
 Privacy Policy Abine Inc.
Privacy Overview 
Last revised 5/24/2018


We never sell your data.
Period. If we share your data, it's only with companies we've hired to do work for us to carry out the services you want.
They'll never own it or be able to share it with anyone else.
Your data is yours.


Philosophy. We're dedicated to consumer privacy rights and support privacy policies that are understandable.
We're committed to responsibly handling any information we collect.


Data use. Many companies profit off their users by selling their info, but we'll never do that.
We only use the data we collect about the way people use our products and our website to build better products.
We'll never share any personal data about your online activity or use it to target you individually.


Data sharing. A few things that you do may require us to share data.
For instance, when you buy one of our products with a your credit card, we have to share that info to process the payment.
Some of our other services (like DeleteMe) may also require some data sharing to provide the service.
We try to do things ourselves but sometimes need to rely external companies.
We make hard decisions about when to do so, always balancing the privacy risks against the benefits.


Law enforcement. We won't provide your information unless we're compelled by law with a valid court order, which is a much higher standard than the usual "permitted by law." Companies don't have to tell you when someone requests your data, but we will try and inform you so you can be aware and take legal action if you choose 
 As of today, Abine has not received a national security order and we have not been required by a FISA court to keep any secrets.

 Except as required by law, Abine, Inc.
will not share your data with third parties;

 Abine Inc.
will only retain user information for a maximum of 6 months after a user has canceled a paid subscription (except for basic information that the transaction occurred), and 6 months for website visitors, except for any payment-related information that we have to retain for fraud purposes.
 Abine Website Privacy Policy  Abine Inc.'s goal is to help you regain control of your personal information online, and as such, we do not use tracking to collect any personal information on our website.
Our privacy policy reflects this goal.

 We do not use persistent cookies generally on this site.
The only time we use a persistent (i.e., non-session) cookie is when we deliver your download to you.
We delete the cookie right after installation.

 We log aggregate information about our site visitors, but it does not contain your name, Email, or other personally-identifiable information.
These logs are automatically generated for all websites and are not powered by online trackers.

 We may use session cookies from time to time.
Session cookies expire when you close your browser.
You can set your browser to refuse cookies by following these instructions.

 We won't share your data unless you are using specific services through us that require it or if we were ever compelled by legal orders, in which cases, we share the minimum data required and don't allow it to be used for anything beyond the limited service provided.

 We do not collect any personal information through our website.
Even so, this website is not directed at individuals under 13 years of age in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).

 If you choose to sign up for our newsletters or receive emailed updates of our privacy blog, we'll occasionally send you emails with coupons, announcements, and Abine news.

 We will sometimes link to other websites.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party sites.
Our privacy policy does not apply to these other websites, and we cannot control their activities.
 Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) &amp.
Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile) Privacy Policy  Abine Inc.
built Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) &amp.
Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile) around the principle of letting user's protect their privacy, so Blur &amp.
Blur Mobile do not try and track your personal data.
They have a limited ability to collect data about what sites you visit and web behavior such as what forms you interact with (or we autofill), but we only use this anonymized data to improve out form detection and filling capabiltiies.

 By default, Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) &amp.
Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile) do not communicate with our servers except: 1) when getting new tracker-blocking rules or software versions, 2) obtaining updates to our form detection, 3) sending back form telemetry, such as form metadata, autofilled metrics, and any user-created crowdsourced form mappings.
It is explicitly not tied to your account or other personal information.
You can also opt-out of this kind of data collection in the application's settings.

 There are a few limited pieces of information we need to know to make sound decisions about the business from Blur &amp.
Blur Mobile: 


Information about your install of Blur &amp.
Blur Mobile, such as where you downloaded it, the original version you installed, the current version you have, and the month of your original install.

 Because there is a different version of Blur for each browser (Safari, Chrome, Firefox, IE), we know how many installs there have been for each browser.

 On a daily basis, we know how many users we have of Blur &amp.
Blur Mobile and whether those users are based in or outside the US.

 In order to improve our form detection capabilities, when you interact with forms we capture pieces of form meta-data and metrics such as if what we auto-filled into a form was then corrected by you.
This data collection is anonymized and explicitly not tied to your account information, and not received in real-time, only once a day.

 Lastly, we know how many visits to abine.com come from the Blur tool, but we do not know if any given add-on user clicked anything or other personal details.

 If you choose to interact with Blur &amp.
Blur Mobile to send us feedback, we may receive the following additional information that doesn't identify you: The description of the problem that you submit to us and the website URL and any trackers found on it.




 All of your personal Masked Email, Masked Phone, and Masked Card data is encrypted using industry standard 256-bit AES encryption.
The information is accessed by the client in real time when the information is needed.

 If you're using Blur &amp.
Blur Mobile Premium, we use specialty companies to process payments and phone calls and texts.
These service providers will have access to some of your data only to process it, but they'll never own or share it with anyone else.
 MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile Privacy Policy  All of your accounts, passwords, and other browsing activity is stored locally in an encrypted database that we do not have the ability to decrypt.
It's encrypted using industry standard 256-bit AES encryption.
If you choose to use the Sync feature to access your MaskMe data from any device, that means we're storing that data in an encrypted form on our servers - we can't read your passwords or see your accounts.

 If you're using MaskMe Premium, we use specialty companies to process payments and phone calls and texts.
These service providers will have access to some of your data only to process it, but they'll never own or share it with anyone else.
 DeleteMe &amp.
DeleteMe Mobile Privacy Policy  DeleteMe &amp.
DeleteMe Mobile allow subscribers like you to request that third party websites, such as data brokers and information aggregators, remove or suppress your personal information from their websites.
To fulfil your opt-out requests, we have to send your information to data brokers, which necessarily requires sharing your data with them.

 We can't control how these third-party data brokers will treat your personal information, although it is only provided to them so they can opt you out of their public databases.

 We may use outside service providers for required DeleteMe procedures, including but not limited to processing payments and helping us send mailed opt-outs.
Because DeleteMe's removal list depends on the listed websites' opt-out procedures and business practices and is thus subject to change, the outside service providers we use may also change.
Abine Inc.
always maintains ownership and control of your data during these times, and we do not sell your information.

 If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us at legal@getabine.com.
 Blur &amp.
MaskMe user data privacy chart: Your privacy is our business, so we spend a lot of time making sure that we collect the minimum information necessary to operate and responsibly handle all information we do store.
We think it’s important to be transparent with where, how, and why we need this data to operate Blur and MaskMe and how we store it. The type of information If you're using this feature of ...                                                        Your personal email address (optional) Abine has it because you have an account with us, and it lets us forward you Masked Emails.
If we process a payment for you, our payments processor will have your email address, but they are contractually bound to only use it for that purpose.
Your Masked Email addresses Abine has it, as well as any websites that you gave a Masked Email to.
Websites where you create Masked Emails Encrypted so only you can read the labels, but stored on Abine's servers.
Plus any websites that you gave a Masked Email will have it.
Senders of messages to your Masked Emails We know this information in order to let you reply without giving our your real e-mail address.
Content of messages sent to your Masked Emails Your messages are forwarded to your real inbox.
They are temporarily cached in your Masked Inbox for less than 24 hours (by default), then permanently deleted from our servers.
Your Blur &amp.
MaskMe password (optional) Only you know it.
Abine never knows your Master Password and even when we sychronize your data across "the cloud" it's all encrypted in a way we can't decrypt it.
Your logins and account information (including passwords and where you have online accounts) This is encrypted locally on your device.
If you enable Backup &amp.
Sync, we will store your encrypted data.
Don't worry, Abine can *not* read your encrypted data.
Your personal phone number (optional) Lets us forward calls and texts to your Masked Phone Number.
Our friends at Twillio or Bandwidth have this number only to forward you calls &amp.
texts, but they don't know your name or other personal information.
If you live in certain countries in the EU, we're required to verify your Masked Phone number using a mailing address.
Who has your Masked Phone number Abine has it so we can forward calls and texts to you, along with anyone you choose to give it to.
Our friends at Twillio or Bandwidth have this number only to forward you calls &amp.
texts, but they don't know your name or other personal information.
 If you live in certain countries in the EU, we're required to verify your Masked Phone number using a mailing address.
Who has contacted your Masked Phone number We store it on our servers so we can forward you Masked Phone communications and keep track of callers you've blocked.
Our friends at Twillio or Bandwidth can see who called your Masked Phone, but what they have know is anonymous (in no way tied to you directly) other then the number they have to forward calls and messages.
If you live in certain countries in the EU, we're required to verify your Masked Phone number using a mailing address.
Your billing information (personal credit card number, name, and address) (optional) We know your name and billing address (but not your credit card number).
Our payments processor stores your encrypted card number compliant to PCI standards.
Your Masked Card numbers Our bank partner stores them.
We do not, but we can access them through their interface.
Who has charged your Masked Cards (merchants) We can see the merchant that charged your Masked Card (which doesn't always indicate the actual website).
Your credit/debit card bill will show charges from "ABINE" (or) "BLUR" and not the actual merchant.
Our bank partner can see who charged your Masked Card, but it is anonymous (in no way tied to you directly).
We have no choice but to keep certain pieces of data (for legal purposes), but we ensure that merchants do not have your credit card information.
Where you spend your Masked Cards (domains) The domain itself has it.
Our bank partner has it, but it's not tied to you directly.
Other data we collect from Blur and MaskMe There is other data that we collect form Blur to count our userbase, understand their geographical distribution, to make improvements to the software and for other purposes.
Here's a summary of what we may collect: The type of information What data may be collected                                                      
The fact that you're using Blur Each day Blur checks-in with our servers to let them know it's still active, as well as pick up any new form mappings or tracker signatures.
We do not store your IP address when this check-in happens.
Data about forms you encounter In order to improve our ability to detect forms we collect some data about the fields and forms you interact with while using Blur.
We do not store your IP address or associate this data with your account (if you have one with us.) When checkout forms are used We collect data, such as frequency and size, about purchases made (or not completed) online.
We do not store your IP address or associate this data with your account (if you have one with us.) Third Party Data Sharing
The following chart describes each Abine partner as well as how and why your information may be shared with third parties in order to operate Blur.
For some services, such a processing a payment we have no choice but to share some of your data with third parties.
We share this data because we need to in order to operate our services. If you...
Company Purpose Data Disclosed 
Payment Processors, Gateways and Banking Partners

Pay for Premium or use Masked Cards Stripe To allow payment processing settlement services, and fraud checking when using credit or debit cards.
Name, address, email address, details of user funding instruments, and details of payment transactions.
Certain older premium users Recurly To allow payment processing settlement services, and fraud checking when using credit or debit cards.
Name, address, email address, details of user funding instruments, and details of payment transactions.
If you are a new ACH users of Masked Cards Plaid To verify banking details Temporary access to Online banking ID and password If you create Masked Cards WEX To allow for the completion of online transactions using Masked Cards.
Transactions completed on Masked Cards Certain older premium users making Masked Cards via ACH CheckCommerce To allow payment processing settlement services, and fraud checking when using a bank account Name, details of user funding instruments, and details of payment transactions.

Masked Phone Number Providers

If you are an international user of Masked Phones (and certain older Masked Phone users) Twilio To provide Blur users with a Masked Phone number Phone number and address if located in certain countries in the EU.
If you use Masked Phones Bandwidth To provide Blur users with a Masked Phone number Phone number 
3rd Party Customer Support Tools

If you email our support team Groove To speak with customers and potential customers via email, mostly for customer support Email address, name if provided If you chat with our support team Olark To speak with customers and potential customers using real-time live chat, mostly for customer support Email address if provided, name if provided If you call us on the phone RingCentral To speak with customers and potential customers over the phone, mostly for customer support Phone number 
Fraud Prevention

If you make Masked Cards MaxMind To determine location data about a provided IP address IP address, billing address Requesting or Deleting your Data You can request a copy of the data that Abine Inc.
has stored about you in regards to your Blur, MaskMe or DeleteMe account by simply emailing your request to blur-support@getabine.com.
We’ll respond to your request as soon as possible.
You can request that we erase your stored data that Abine Inc.
has stored about you in regards to your Blur, MaskMe or DeleteMe account by simply emailing your request to blur-support@getabine.com.
We’ll respond to your request as soon as possible.
Note that we can't delete data related to financial transactions you have made, and due to Payment Card Industry (PCI) requirements we are required to keep even most non-financial data for at least 90 days. Terms of Service Abine Websites, Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe), Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile) &amp.
MaskMe/MaskMe Mobile Terms of Service 
Terms of Service Last revised 12/29/2014


DeleteMe Terms of Service Last revised 12/29/2014


Masked Card Terms of Service last revised 5/6/2016


Here are the ground rules if you're using our stuff. The following Terms of Service (“Terms,” “Agreement”) govern your use of Abine, Inc.'s websites, products, applications, tools, and services (collectively referred to as our “Site and Services”).


We help protect your privacy. Our Site and Services allows a user ("user" or "you") to manage your online privacy and your personal information by controlling how other websites and businesses display or collect such personal information.
These Terms of Service describe the terms and conditions on which Abine provides our Site and Services to you.
For more information about how our products and services work, please visit our support page.


Legal policies can be tedious, but please read up. We'll strive to make our policies understandable.
READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.
IF YOU ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT OR USE OUR SITE OR SERVICES, YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT WITH ABINE.
THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT.
If you don't agree to these terms and conditions, you aren't permitted to use Abine's Site or Services.


Things could change. We may amend or terminate any terms of this Agreement at any time and such amendment or termination will be effective at the time we post the revised terms on the site.
We'll strive to make these terms understandable.
You can tell when we last revised this agreement by looking at the “last revised” date at the top of this Agreement.
Your continued use of the site or services after we've posted revised terms signifies your acceptance of the revised terms.


Tell the truth (when we need you to). Some of Abine's products don't collect any of your personal information whatsoever, like Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe).
For others, like DeleteMe, we need some of your personal information to remove it from websites that display and sell it, and we need to know that it's actually yours.


We'll try hard. Abine's Services allow users and subscribers like you to seek greater control over your personal information online, including but not limited to by blocking software tracking.
requesting that third party websites, such as data brokers and information aggregators, remove or suppress your personal information from their websites.
forwarding safer, masked emails to your personal email account.
and encrypting and storing your logins and passwords.
You recognize that Abine will use good faith, reasonable efforts to help you accomplish these privacy goals, but that we cannot guarantee that third parties will honor the requests, remove your data, or devise new tracking technologies that we are not aware of, among other things.
We can't guarantee that this service will eliminate or control the collection, use, or sharing of your online data.
We don't provide legal advice, so please don't rely on our service for legal matters.


It's unlikely, but bad things could happen. You acknowledge that your use of the Abine Site and Services may have unintended consequences, possibly including direct, special, indirect, consequential and other damages, and you agree that you won't hold Abine liable for these consequences.
(Let's say you use MaskMe to securely store your logins and passwords, but you forget your master password and can't log in: you agree that you won't sue us because you can't retrieve that account information.) 

Don't sue us because of our products. You will indemnify and hold harmless Abine Inc., its parents, subsidiaries, customers, vendors, officers, and employees from any liability, damage or cost from any claim or demand associated with your use of our Site or Services.


If something crazy happens, it's not our fault. You acknowledge that Abine will not be liable for any failure to comply with these Terms to the extent that such failure arises from factors outside Abine's reasonable control, like natural disasters.


Privacy is key. Abine is dedicated to consumer privacy rights and operates our Site and Services under our privacy policy.
We urge you to read that policy now and revisit occasionally because we may update it.


Please don't steal our stuff. All the text, images, marks, logos, compilations (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly of information) and other content on Abine's website ("Site Content"), and all software embodied in Abine's website, applications, or otherwise (“Software”) used by us to deliver the Services is proprietary to us.
Except as otherwise expressly permitted by these Terms, any use, redistribution, sale, decompilation, reverse engineering, disassembly, translation, or other reduction of such software to human-readable form is prohibited.
The text marks "ABINE," “ONLINE PRIVACY STARTS HERE,” "BLUR," “DELETEME,” “DONOTTRACKME,” and “MASKME,” as well as their associated logos, are our trademarks, and you may not use them in connection with any service or products other than those we provide in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Abine (although we're happy to have you use our Site Content for noncommercial, educational, or news-related use if you properly attribute it to us).
Any use of such marks will apply to the benefit of their respective owners.


Use our tools and services for good, not evil, or we'll kick you out. We don't allow our Site or Services to be used for illegal activities or activities that we find improper for any reason whatsoever.
We reserve the right to take preventative or corrective actions to protect ourselves and our users from anyone's unacceptable use.
Your failure to comply with our Terms may result in us terminating your access to and use of our site and services.
You are not to: 

 Impersonate anyone, falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity, or knowingly provide any fraudulent, misleading, or inaccurate information.

 Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate others' rights, including without limitation others' privacy rights or rights of publicity.

 Access or use (or attempt to access or use) another user's account without permission.

 Transmit any software or materials that contain any viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects, or other items or computer code of a destructive nature.

 Modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any portion of the site or services.

 “Frame” or “mirror” any portion of the Site or Services.

 Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, data mine, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of our site or services.

 Harvest or collect any other users' information from the site or our services.

 Use our site or services for any illegal activity.
or 
 Probe, scan or test the vulnerability of our site or services, breach their security or authentication measures, or take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our site infrastructure.





Data collectors and trackers change, so our services will change too. You acknowledge that our privacy services often include our blocking or interacting with third parties like advertisers, and that therefore our services will evolve when these third parties' methods and processes change.
For example, the online trackers our software blocks change as advertisers develop new tracking techniques and form new companies.
for DeleteMe, our removal list depends on the listed websites' opt-out procedures and business practices and thus is subject to change.
DeleteMe will not remove all of your information from the Internet and Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) will not block every single attempt to track your personal information.
As such, our Site and Services are provided on an "as is" basis, without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
You agree that in any event, Abine's liability is limited to fees you actually paid to us.


We'll charge you for your paid subscriptions. If you're using one of our paid products, you acknowledge that you're registering for a recurring subscription and will be automatically billed at the end of the subscription billing cycle.


You can cancel your paid subscriptions at any time. You have the right to cancel your premium subscriptions at any time, for any reason, and can do so by emailing us or calling us at 800-928-1987.
If you choose to cancel your Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe)/Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile) or MaskMe/MaskMe Mobile premium subscription, you will not be charged for any billing period beyond the one in which you canceled.
This refund policy does not apply if we've terminated your account for misuse outlined in this Agreement.
Any termination of your use of our services, whether initiated by you or by Abine, won't affect any of your or Abine's rights and obligations under these Terms that have arisen before the effective date of such termination.


 Try us out for 14 days.
 We offer a 14 day calendar grace period for Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) &amp.
Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile).
If within the 14 day period you decide that Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) or Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile) are not the product for you, you can cancel for a full refund.
After the expiration of the 14 calendar day grace period all sales are final.
We do not offer a refund after the expiration of the 14 calendar grace period.


We're from Massachusetts, so that's where we'll go to court if we ever get on each other's nerves. You and Abine Inc.
agree that all matters arising from or relating to the use and operation of our site or services will be governed by the substantive laws of Massachusetts.
You agree that all claims you may have arising from or relating to the operation, use, or other exploitation of Abine's Site or Services will be heard and resolved in the federal and state courts located in Massachusetts.
You consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts over you, stipulate to the fairness and convenience of proceeding in such courts, and covenant not to assert any object to proceeding in such courts.
If you choose to gain access to our site or services from locations other than Massachusetts, which is likely, you will also be responsible for complying with all local laws of any such other location.
Finally, you won't ever use the our site or services in violation of U.S.
export laws or regulations.

If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us at legal@getabine.com. MASKED CARD SOLUTIONS TERMS OF SERVICE IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ CAREFULLY AND KEEP FOR YOUR RECORDS.

This agreement is effective as of May 6th, 2016 and replaces any previous terms of service.

These terms of service set forth the terms of the use of the Masked Cards Solutions service.
The brand names of the solutions that allow you make Masked cards include “Blur” “MaskMe” and “DoNotTrackMe” (together referred to as “Masked Card Solutions” (MCS).
If you do not agree to these terms, please cancel and refund the remaining balances of any Masked Cards you have made, calling us at 800-928-1987 or notify us in writing at Abine, Inc.
attention Masked Card Dept., PO Box 410009, Cambridge, MA 02141 if necessary.
By using the Masked Cards Solutions service, or allowing someone else to use the Masked Cards service through your account, you agree to the terms.

NOTICE: THIS AGREEMENT REQUIRES ALL DISPUTES TO BE RESOLVED BY WAY OF BINDING ARBITRATION


Here are the ground rules if you're using Masked Cards.
The following Terms of Service (“Terms,” “Agreement”) govern your use of MaskMe Premium's Masked Cards ("Masked Card Solutions","Masked Cards,” “the service”), a product of Abine, Inc.
(“us,” “we”).
These Terms describe the terms and conditions on which Abine provides Masked Cards to you.
For more information about how our products and services work, please visit www.abine.com/support.

Legal policies can be tedious, but please read up.
We'll strive to make our policies understandable.
READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.
IF YOU USE MASKED CARDS, YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT WITH ABINE.
THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT.
If you don't agree to these terms and conditions, you aren't permitted to use Masked Cards.

Things could change.
We may amend or terminate any terms of this Agreement at any time, and that amendment or termination will be effective at the time we post the revised terms on the site.
You can tell when we last revised this agreement was by looking at the “last revised” date at the top of this Agreement.
Your continued use of Masked Cards after we've posted revised terms signifies your acceptance of the revised terms.

How Masked Cards work.
.
Masked Card Solutions let you shop online more safely by letting you ("user" or "you") access and facilitate a payment using Masked Cards exclusively with the MCS software: a browser add-on and a web/mobile application.
You obtain access to the Masked Cards features by registering to use one of our “Masked Card Solutions” and, typically, fees are charged to the personal credit card you provide upon signup (your “Personal Credit Card”) or other Funding Sources you may have added.
When you're shopping online at a retailer (“retailer,” “merchant”), you can choose to pay for products or services with a Masked Card during checkout by specifying the monetary amount of your purchase.
The Funding Source associated with your account will be charged the amount you specify.
The retailer will see only the Masked Credit Card number.
You can view transaction details for all your Masked Cards from within MCS products such as Blur &amp.
MaskMe by clicking on the Masked Cards icon, then clicking “view details” next to the Masked Card you wish to examine.

Key characteristics of Masked Cards.
You're buying the right to access Abine's credit line in the amount you specify for the Masked Cards you create.
As such, you'll see “Abine, Inc.” listed on your Personal Credit Card statement as the merchant, even though you'll spend the Masked Cards at other retailers.

Masked Cards need to be at least $10 in value, but no more than $500. They are assigned an expiration date when you create them.
Masked Cards you create are issued by our bank partner as MasterCard numbers.
Masked Cards are usable until their balance reaches zero, they expire, or you deactivate them.
Abine reserves the right to change limits globally or for specific uses at any time and for any reason including suspicious activity.

Who gets your Personal Credit Card.
When you use a Masked Card to purchase something from a merchant, that merchant will not see or have access to your Personal Credit Card.
Abine uses a payments processor to process payments.
When you sign up for one of our Masked Card Services or add money to a Masked Card, you're billed through our payment processor.
Our payments processor stores or has access to your Personal Credit Card, but Abine, our bank partner, and MasterCard do not.
For more details about the privacy of your personal information when you use Abine products, services, or websites, please visit our privacy policy at www.abine.com/legal.html.

Credit card authorizations.
As soon as the merchant where you use a Masked Card runs an authorization, that money is held on your Masked Card and can't be used (it will show up as "pending" to you when you view transaction details on a Masked Card).
For some authorizations, merchants might add an additional percentage hold on top of the purchase value (for example, 20% for a restaurant).

ACH Authorization.
When you use your bank account as your Payment Method for any transaction or to fund Masked Cards, you are requesting an electronic transfer from your bank account.
For these transactions, Abine will make electronic transfers via ACH from your bank account in the amount specified by your or Abine (in the case of subscription payments).
You agree that such requests constitute your authorization to Abine.
to make the transfers.
Once you have provided your authorization for the transfer, you will not be able to cancel the electronic transfer.

Chargebacks and disputes with merchants.
You understand and agree that Abine is not responsible for the goods or services that you pay for using a Masked Card.
Each seller that you purchase from is responsible for providing the goods and services that you purchase and for providing all customer service related to those goods and services.
We recommend that you review a seller's policies before completing your purchase.
You are responsible for resolving any disputes that you may have with a seller.
If you have exhausted all options for resolving a dispute with a seller, you may choose to file a dispute through Abine (see “How to file a Dispute” below).
Disputing a charge from Abine on your bank statement that is related to a Masked Card purchase is filing a dispute against Abine, Inc.
and will not only damage your relationship with Abine, but will not resolve any dispute with the seller of the item purchased with a Masked Card.
Abine is the “issuing bank” for purchases completed with a Masked Card.
If you file a Chargeback against Abine that Abine contests and wins (i.e.
you lose the Chargeback) you will be charged a $25 chargeback processing fee.
There is no chargeback processing fee if you win a contested Chargeback.

Release of Abine, Inc. By filing a Dispute, you understand and agree that: 

You are asking Abine to assist in resolving the dispute in its sole discretion and that such assistance or Abine's decision may not be satisfactory to you;
Abine's assistance in resolving the dispute does not guarantee any particular outcome nor any action on Abine's part.
and
You release Abine and our officers, directors, agents, employees, and suppliers from all claims, demands, and damages of any kind arising out of your dispute with a seller and Abine's review of your Dispute.




How to file a Dispute.
To file a Dispute, follow these steps: 

Within 60 days of the original transaction, email blur-support@abine.com with the following information:
The last 4 digits of the Masked Card used for the related purchase.
The name of the merchant/seller involved.
A description of the goods or services purchased.
The amount of the transaction.
and
The details of your disagreement with the recipient, including any steps already taken to resolve the issue and copies of supporting documentation (such as email correspondence, receipts, shipping confirmations, etc.)
Provide any additional information or documentation that we may request.
Once Abine has decided the outcome of the Dispute, the parties will be notified of the decision.
You are required to comply with the decision and complete any actions required by such decision.




We can restrict or block the use of your Masked Cards for any reason.
We reserve the right to block or limit transactions at any time for security or fraud reasons without prior notice to you.
Under these circumstances, we'll fully refund any money remaining on the Masked Card in question, after any outstanding transactions have cleared and investigations are completed.
In connection with your use of the Masked Card Solutions, you agree that you will not:
(1) Breach this Agreement or any other policy, terms of service, or agreement that you have agreed to with us;
(2) Violate any Applicable Law;
(3) Provide false, inaccurate, or misleading information;
(4) Engage in fraudulent, deceptive, unfair or illegal activity;
(5) Engage in transactions involving illegal goods, including but not limited to counterfeit goods, stolen goods, illegal or controlled substances, and substances that pose a risk to consumer safety (including synthetics, “potpourri not for human consumption”, and other similar items);
(6) Engage in transactions involving illegal services, including but not limited to counterfeit services, illegal gambling, Ponzi and/or pyramid schemes, and money laundering;
(7) Engage in transactions involving debt collection services;
(8) Engage in transactions involving escort services;
(9) Engage in transactions involving the purchase, sale, or exchange of Virtual Currency or provide a Virtual Currency marketplace or exchange;
(10) Engage in transactions involving the purchase and/or sale of lottery tickets;
(11) Engage in transactions related to online gambling, or activities regulated by FinCEN, including money services business activities and payday lending;
(12) Attempt to receive or actually receive duplicate compensation for a disputed payment from the recipient (such as a seller), Abine, Inc., and/or your bank or credit union.
or
(13) Unless permitted under Applicable Law, refuse to cooperate in an investigation or provide confirmation of your identity or any information you provide to us;
(14) Infringe on our or any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property rights;
(15) Use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy the Service;
(16) Tamper with another user's data or use of the Service, impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your identity;
(17) Forge or replace headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers to disguise the origin of any information, data or other content;
(18) Disrupt the normal flow of information or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to use the Service;
(19) Interfere with or disrupt the Service (including without limitation servers or networks associated with the Service), or violate any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks associated with the Service;
(20) Use the Service to the extent doing so would result in your breach of an obligation to a third party, including without limitation any workplace or other policies that apply to you.
and/or
(21) Engage in activity that indicates, in the discretion of Abine, Inc.
or our Financial Institution Partners, that there may be a high level of risk associated with you, your subscription, or any of your activity.


Actions we may take.
If we determine, in our sole discretion, that you may have breached these Terms, that you or your Account activity presents risk or security concerns, or if we are unable to verify your identity, we may take actions to protect Abine, Inc.
and our users, our Financial Institution Partners, or other third parties from Reversals, claims, fines, penalties, and any other liability.
These actions may include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Suspending your access to your Account and/or Abine's Services;
Collecting amounts due from available resources, as outlined in the “Authorization to recover amounts due” section.
Closing your Account;
Contacting your bank, law enforcement, or other impacted third parties of your actions;
Refusing to provide the Abine's Services to you in the future.
and
Taking legal action against you.


It's your responsibility to ensure there's sufficient balance on your Masked Cards.
Be careful if you use a Masked Card for recurring charges, like a subscription.
For recurring charges, it's your responsibility to ensure that there is enough value and time expiration on the Masked Card you're using.
We are not liable if the Masked Card gets declined and you lose access to a recurring service.
We aren't responsible for any late fees, service terminations, or other problems that arise because of declined transactions.

Authorization to recover amounts due.
If a Masked Card is overdrawn (i.e.
the total amount of any transactions posted to a Masked Card is greater than the original Masked Card value), or the charge to fund a successfully used Masked Card fails to process, you authorize Abine and our Financial Institution Partners to take any of the following actions to recover the remaining amounts from you: 

Debit the credit/debit card or bank account linked to your paid subscription.
Debit any of your other Masked Cards with a remaining balance
Suspend your paid subscription and require your immediate payment.
or
Engage in collection efforts.



In the case of an ACH transaction that fails to process, you may be subject to the actions detailed above, plus an additional $25.00 bounced check fee.
Users can pay via another ACH transfer, or place a credit card on file to pay off the balance more quickly.

You cannot sell or transfer a Masked Card to anyone else.
A Masked Card can only be used by you or someone you authorize.
If you authorize anyone else to use a Masked Card you create, you are responsible for all transactions made by that person.

Reporting lost or stolen Masked Cards.
You should immediately deactivate a compromised Masked Card within Blur, or another Masked Card Solution.
To do so, login, click on the Masked Cards icon, locate the compromised card in the list of cards you've created, and click “Refund” or “Deactivate.” If a Masked Card is lost or stolen, you must report it to us within 2 days or you risk liability for a percentage of the charges that occur after the loss or theft.
You can reach us by phone at 800-928-1987 or by email at reportlostcard@abine.com or through our www.abine.com/support support page.

The cost of using Masked Cards Services.
Masked Cards typically require a subscription to a Masked Card Service operated by Abine.
(Currently this is a $39 annual/$59 biennial/$79 triennial fee for Blur plus the cost of any purchases you make using a Masked Card.) Any time you make a purchase with a Masked Card by inputting the monetary value of that purchase, you're authorizing Abine to charge your Funding Method in that amount.

There may be a charge to create a Masked Card. If you are using a Credit Card as the Funding Source for your Masked Card then you may incur a service fee beyond that of the Masked Card amount.
Service Fees per the Schedule of Fees will be charged to the same Funding Source as was used to create the Masked Card or to any other Funding Source you might have.
Fees can be changed at any time.


Open Masked Cards will incur a Monthly Fee. After 30 days from the date the Masked Card was created, Masked Card you have that is open with a remaining balance will be charged a service fee (see below for current fees).
This will not be charged to your Funding Source, but will instead be withdrawn from remaining balance of the related Masked Card.
If there is an insufficient amount on the Masked Card to cover the monthly fee, it will be charged the remaining balance and the Masked Card will be closed.
If a Masked Card is used for a successful transaction within the 30 day period, it will not incur this monthly fee.
Schedule of Fees

 Fee Using a Personal Credit Card as a Funding Source $2 per card for cards under $100.
An additional 1.5% of the Masked Card Amount for cards made for $100 or more Using ACH as a Funding Source for Masked Cards $1 per card Masked Card service fee (every 30 days after card creation).
Not applicable to residents of Connecticut and New Jersey.
$5.95 Refund fee (refunding balance on a Masked Card to Funding Source such as a Personal Credit Card) Free Chargeback loss processing fee.
Only assessed if you file a Chargeback against Abine that we contest and win.
$25 

Refunding Masked Cards.
Masked Cards have an expiration date.
If the Masked Card expires or if you deactivate it, any funds you've placed on it less any purchases or other fees will be automatically refunded to your Funding Method on or around the Masked Card's expiration date or the date of deactivation.
If your billing or contact information is incorrect or out of date, we may not be able to issue an automatic refund and will try to contact you to refund you.
If we're unsuccessful, applicable law may require us to report the balance on the Masked Card as unclaimed property, and we may be required to deliver any value remaining on it to the state as unclaimed property.

Tell the truth (when we need you to).
Masked Card Services provide privacy and security through alias information, but Abine requires accurate information for all Masked Card Service users.
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money-laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who creates a Masked Card, including a verifiable U.S.
street mailing address.
You authorize Abine, Inc., directly or through third parties, to make any inquiries we consider necessary to validate your identity.
This may include asking you for further information that will allow us to reasonably identify you, requiring you to take steps to confirm ownership of your email address or financial instruments, ordering a credit report, or verifying your Information against third party databases or through other sources.
We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents at any time.
Abine reserves the right to close, suspend, or limit access to any current or future Account and/or current or future use of Abine's services in the event we are unable to obtain or verify this Information, suspect the information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or about someone other than yourself.
Identifying information will only be disclosed to third parties if Abine, Inc.
is provided with the proper legal documentation (see “Privacy Policy” for more details).

Authorization to update financial information If your credit card account number changes or your credit card expiration date changes, we may acquire that information from our financial services partner and update your Account.

Deactivating individual Masked Cards.
You can cancel a Masked Card you've created at any time just click on the Masked Cards icon at the top, open a list of the cards you've created, and click the “Refund” button next to the card you wish to deactivate.
See https://dnt.abine.com/#help/faq/faq-maskedcardrefund.
Any funds remaining on the deactivated Masked Card will be refunded to the Funding Source used to purchase the Masked Card (typically within 3-7 days).

Notices &amp.
Communications.
 By registering for any Masked Card Solution, using the service and accepting the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you consent to receive notices and other information or communications via email to the primary email address we have in our records for you.
All notices and information sent to you via email will be deemed to be in writing and received by you when sent to you.
You can manage your preferences for receiving messages from us by logging into your profile in the dashboard of any MCS product such as Blur.

Privacy and Disclosure of Information. Privacy is literally Abine's business.
Please review the Online Privacy Policy we have and the terms below for more information regarding the terms that apply to your privacy, as well as our use and disclosure of your information in connection with your access to and use of the Service.
If you do not wish to be subject to any of the terms described or referenced in this Agreement, including the Online Privacy Statement, you must not use or access the Service.
By using the Masked Card Solutions to facilitate a purchase, you authorize us to securely auto-fill your Checkout Data and pre-populate relevant fields in the Merchant's or Intermediary's Web Site.
You also agree that Abine and its Banking partners may access, preserve, and disclose your information if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal requirements or legal process.
(b) enforce this Agreement.
(c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties.
(d) respond to your requests for customer service.
or (e) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Abine, its users or the public.

You can cancel your Masked Card Service subscription any time. You have the right to cancel your subscription at any time, for any reason.
You can cancel in several ways:

The easiest and fastest way to cancel is from right inside Blur &amp.
MaskMe by going to “Settings,” then “Manage your Blur/MaskMe Subscription,” then “Cancel Premium Subscription.” Click the “Cancel Subscription” button on the following page to complete cancelation
Email us at blur-support@abine.com, and please mention “Canceling Blur/MaskMe Premium Subscription” in the subject line
Call us at 800-928-1987

This cancellation policy does not apply if we've terminated your account for misuse outlined in this Agreement.
Any termination of your use of our services, whether initiated by you or by Abine, won't affect any of your or Abine's rights and obligations under these Terms that have arisen before the effective date of such termination.

Adults only.
You represent that you're 18 years old or older (or 19 if you live in a state where the age of majority is 19).
You cannot use our paid services if you're under 18 or if you're using them for someone who's under 18.

We'll try hard.
Abine's products and services allow users and subscribers like you to seek greater control over your personal information online, including but not limited to: blocking software tracking.
requesting that third party websites, such as data brokers and information aggregators, remove or suppress your personal information from their websites.
creating safer, masked contact and payment information to you.
and encrypting and storing your logins and passwords.
You recognize that Abine will use good faith, reasonable efforts to help you accomplish these privacy goals, but that we cannot guarantee that third parties will not devise new tracking technologies or obtain your information in other ways.
We do not guarantee that this service will eliminate or control the collection, use, or sharing of your online data.
We don't provide legal advice, so please don't rely on our service for legal matters.

It's unlikely, but bad things could happen.
You acknowledge that your use of Masked Cards may have unintended consequences, possibly including direct, special, indirect, consequential and other damages, and you agree that you won't hold Abine liable for these consequences.
(In English, not legalese: let's say that you use a Masked Card to pay your electrical bill but you don't load enough money on the card to make a payment, and the company shuts off your electricity.
You agree that you won't sue us because you failed to ensure that the Masked Card has sufficient funds on it.)
You are responsible for all Reversals, claims, fees, fines, penalties, and other liability incurred by Abine, Inc., our Financial Institution Partners, other Abine users, or third parties arising from your breach of these Terms or your use of Abine’s services, including Masked Cards.
You agree to reimburse Abine, Inc., our Financial Institution Partners, other Abine users, or third parties for any and all such liability.

If something crazy happens, it's not our fault.
You acknowledge that Abine will not be liable for any failure to comply with these Terms to the extent that such failure arises from factors outside Abine's reasonable control, like natural disasters.

Entire Agreement.
This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and us, whether written or oral, with respect to its subject matter and supersede any prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements with respect to their subject matter.

Severability.
If any of the terms of this Agreement are invalid, changed by applicable law or declared invalid by order of court or regulatory authority, the remaining terms of this Agreement shall not be affected, and this Agreement shall be interpreted as if the invalid terms had not been included in this Agreement.

Limited Liability.
IN THE EVENT THAT WE ARE HELD LIABLE TO YOU, YOU WILL ONLY BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER YOUR ACTUAL DAMAGES.
IN NO EVENT SHALL YOU BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR SPECIAL DAMAGES (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE), EVEN IF YOU HAVE ADVISED US OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
THIS PROVISION SHALL NOT BE EFFECTIVE TO THE EXTENT OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY LAW.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU AGREE THAT YOUR RECOVERY FOR ANY ALLEGED NEGLIGENCE OR MISCONDUCT BY GREEN DOT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE TOTAL AMOUNT LOADED ON THE MASKED CARD.
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us at legal@getabine.com.
For all other support-related questions, please visit abine.com/support or contact us. DeleteMe Terms of Service 
Here are the ground rules if you're using our stuff. The following Terms of Service (“Terms,” “Agreement”) govern your use of DeleteMe, a service of Abine, Inc.


DeleteMe helps protect your privacy. Our DeleteMe service allows a user ("user" or "you") to manage personal information and control how other websites and businesses display such personal information.
These Terms of Service describe the terms and conditions on which Abine provides the DeleteMe service to you.
For more information about how the DeleteMe service works, please visit our Frequently Asked Questions.


Legal policies can be tedious, but please read up. We'll strive to make our policies understandable.
READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.
IF YOU ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT OR USE THE DELETEME SERVICE OR APPLICATION, YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT WITH ABINE.
THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT.
If you don't agree to these terms and conditions, you aren't permitted to use the DeleteMe services, our apps, or our website.


Things could change. We may amend or terminate any terms of this Agreement at any time and such amendment or termination will be effective at the time we post the revised terms on the site.
We'll strive to make these terms understandable.
You can tell when we last revised this agreement was by looking at the “last updated” date at the top of this Agreement.
Your continued use of the site or services after we've posted revised terms signifies your acceptance of the revised terms.


Tell the truth. You agree that all the information you're submitting to DeleteMe in connection with the services is and will be true and about you, not someone else.
If you provide any information that is or that we suspect is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Abine has the right to suspend or terminate your subscription and refuse any and all current or future use of your subscription.


Your data is yours. You retain ownership over all the personal information that you submit to the DeleteMe service, and Abine will never sell it.
To fulfil your opt-out requests, we have to send your information to data brokers, which necessarily requires sharing your data with them.
We can't control how these third-party data brokers will treat your personal information, although it is only provided to them so they can opt you out of their public databases.


Adults only. You represent that you're 18 years old or older.
You cannot use DeleteMe if you're under 18 or if you're using it for someone who's under 18.


We'll try hard. DeleteMe allows subscribers like you to request that third party websites, such as data brokers and information aggregators, remove or suppress your personal information from their websites.
You recognize that DeleteMe will use good faith, reasonable efforts to help you submit these opt-out requests, but that we cannot guarantee that third parties will honor the requests or remove your data.


It's unlikely, but bad things could happen. You acknowledge that your use of the DeleteMe service may have unintended consequences, possibly including direct, special, indirect, consequential and other damages, and you agree that you won't hold Abine liable for these consequences.
(In English, not legalese: let's say that you have a long-lost brother who's looking for you via Intelius.
Because we deleted you from Intelius, it takes him much longer to find you.
You agree that you won't sue us because you lost the opportunity to spend more time with your brother.) 

Don't sue us because of DeleteMe. You will indemnify and hold harmless Abine, its parents, subsidiaries, customers, vendors, officers, and employees from any liability, damage or cost from any claim or demand associated with your use of the DeleteMe service or site.


You're letting us do the work of removing your personal info from data broker websites. You grant Abine a Limited Power of Attorney to act on your behalf for the purposes of performing the DeleteMe service to control your personal information online, including submitting opt-out requests to and communicating with third-party websites like data brokers or aggregators or other parties who have control over this content, signing opt-out documents, creating accounts for you, and any other action Abine reasonably deems necessary to remove, suppress, or opt-out your personal information from unwanted sources in fulfillment of your order.
This Limited Power of Attorney will remain in full force and effect until you cancel your service with Abine.


Data brokers change, so DeleteMe might change too. You acknowledge that DeleteMe's removal list depends on the listed websites' opt-out procedures and business practices and thus is subject to change.
DeleteMe will not remove all of your information from the Internet.
As such, the DeleteMe service, content and site are provided on an "as is" basis, without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
You agree that in any event, Abine's liability is limited to fees you actually paid to Abine.


If something crazy happens, it's not our fault. You acknowledge that Abine will not be liable for any failure to comply with these Terms to the extent that such failure arises from factors outside Abine's reasonable control, like natural disasters.


Privacy is key. Abine is dedicated to consumer privacy rights and operates the DeleteMe service under our privacy policy.
We urge you to read that policy now and revisit occasionally because we may update it.
We'll strive to make our policies understandable.


Please don't steal our stuff. All the text, images, marks, logos, compilations (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly of information) and other content on Abine's website ("Site Content"), and all software embodied in Abine's website, applications, or otherwise (“Software”) used by to deliver the Services is proprietary to us.
Except as otherwise expressly permitted by these Terms, any use, redistribution, sale, decompilation, reverse engineering, disassembly, translation, or other reduction of such software to human-readable form is prohibited.
The text marks "ABINE," “ONLINE PRIVACY STARTS HERE,” “DELETEME,” “DONOTTRACKME,” and “MASKME,” as well as their associated logos, are our trademarks, and you may not use them in connection with any service or products other than those we provide in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Abine (although we're happy to have you use our Site Content for noncommercial, educational, or news-related use if you properly attribute it to us).
Any use of such marks will apply to the benefit of their respective owners.

 Use our tools and services for good, not evil, or we'll kick you out.
We don't allow our Site or Services to be used for illegal activities or activities that we find improper for any reason whatsoever.
We reserve the right to take preventative or corrective actions to protect ourselves and our users from anyone's unacceptable use.
Your failure to comply with our Terms may result in us terminating your access to and use of our site and services.
You are not to: 

 Impersonate anyone, falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity, or knowingly provide any fraudulent, misleading, or inaccurate information.

 Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate others' rights, including without limitation others' privacy rights or rights of publicity.

 Access or use (or attempt to access or use) another user's account without permission.

 Transmit any software or materials that contain any viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects, or other items or computer code of a destructive nature.

 Modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any portion of the site or services.

 “Frame” or “mirror” any portion of the Site or Services.

 Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, data mine, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of our site or services.

 Harvest or collect any other users' information from the site or our services.

 Use our site or services for any illegal activity.
or 
 Probe, scan or test the vulnerability of our site or services, breach their security or authentication measures, or take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our site infrastructure.





We'll charge you for your subscription. You acknowledge that you're registering for a recurring subscription and will be automatically billed at the end of the subscription billing cycle.


You can cancel your DeleteMe subscription and get a full refund within 14 calendar days. You have the right to cancel your DeleteMe subscription at any time, for any reason, and can do so by emailing us at or calling us at 800-928-1987.
If you choose to cancel your subscription within 14 calendar days from the date you purchase DeleteMe, Abine will refund your purchase price fully and cease any future billing.
This refund policy does not apply if we've terminated your account for misuse outlined in this Agreement.
Any termination of your use of the DeleteMe service, whether initiated by you or by Abine, won't affect any of your or Abine's rights and obligations under these Terms that have arisen before the effective date of such termination.


We're from Massachusetts, so that's where we'll go to court if we ever get on each other's nerves. You and Abine agree that all matters arising from or relating to the use and operation of our site or services will be governed by the substantive laws of Massachusetts.
You agree that all claims you may have arising from or relating to the operation, use, or other exploitation of the DeleteMe service will be heard and resolved in the federal and state courts located in Massachusetts.
You consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts over you, stipulate to the fairness and convenience of proceeding in such courts, and covenant not to assert any object to proceeding in such courts.
If you choose to gain access to our site or services from locations other than Massachusetts, which is likely, you will also be responsible for complying with all local laws of any such other location.
Finally, you won't ever use the our site or services in violation of U.S.
export laws or regulations.
 DeleteMe Mobile Terms of Service  All DeleteMe Terms of Service are hereby incorporated in and made a part of these DeleteMe Mobile Terms of Service as if set forth in full herein and are an integral part of these Terms of Service.

 Abine Inc.
will not turn over any of data we have unless we're legally required to.
Except as required by law, Abine, Inc.
will not: 

 Track, store, or transmit information about users' behavioral data (to include web browsing activity) to any third party.

 Sell or share your personal information to third parties so they can market to you.

 Deliver or help others deliver any behavioral advertising to users.





Information you provide us. In order to provide our service, we collect three kinds of information from you: 

Information we need to complete the purchase transaction (such as your payment method);
 Information we need to connect you to our service, such as an email address, and.

 Information we need to opt you out of having your personal information shared online (such as your name, address, age, etc.) This is the information we need to find and remove your public listings from the websites on our removal list.




 Information we share (in order to complete the service).
We try not to share information with any other parties, but there are a few things we have to: 

 We need to share some of your information to complete payment transactions, such as providing credit card information to authorize charges.

 We rely on some third parties to complete certain parts of our service, such as physically mail letters for us and provide technical services, like cloud hosting and email management.
In these cases, Abine retains the rights to your data and these parties can't sell or share or use your data for anything else.

 Removing your public listings requires us to share some information with data brokers so they can identify the correct listings to remove.
These data brokers, not Abine, control the information they require for removal, and it can be some or all of the the information such as name, address, and age that you provide to us for this purpose.





Data Retention. If you cancel the service or stop using it, we will put your data into a queue for deletion.
We'll retain all your information for six months in case you reactivate your service.
At the end of six months, we'll delete all the personal information you supplied for the opt-out processes and only keep the transaction information, account information (including username and email), and our work notes and logs (including any customer support emails).

If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us at legal@getabine.com. License Agreements Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) &amp.
Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile) License Agreement 
Last Revised 12/29/14

 This document is an agreement between you (“user,” “you”), a user of Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) ("Blur," "Blur Mobile," “DNTMe,” “the software”) and us (“Abine,” “Abine, Inc.”).
By downloading and/or using this software, including any later revisions of it that we make available to you, you're agreeing to be bound by this Agreement.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, you should not download or use the software.


License: You are hereby granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable limited license to use the software (in object code form only) for non-commercial uses consistent with the description of the software we provided with it, the remainder of this Agreement, our Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Service.

 One Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) &amp.
Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile) Premium license shall be granted per customer, per subscription.
If a different user wishes to use Blur or Blur Mobile Premium, that user shall purchase his or her own Blur or Blur Mobile Premium subscriptions.


Subscriptions, cancellations, and renewals: Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) &amp.
Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile) Premium are the non-mobile and mobile versions of a subscription, so customer pays a recurring license fee to Abine.
Customer agrees that once the Blur or Blur Mobile subscription fee is due, Abine or our credit card processing company will charge it automatically to the credit card that customer provided with the original purchase of the Blur &amp.
Blur Mobile license, and that such charges will continue indefinitely.
Customer has the right to terminate the subscription at any time.
Such termination will result in termination of Blur &amp.
Blur Mobile premium services for all of customer's devices and no further billing of customer's credit card beyond the current pay period.

 If the subscription fee is not paid on time for any reason, then customer agrees that Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) &amp.
Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile) Premium will lose its Premium status and revert to Free status, losing Premium features.
Customer also agrees that Abine has the right to delete all of customer's Blur &amp.
Blur Mobile data that Abine stores on its servers if customer's account remains unpaid for more than 60 days.


Initial purchase refund: Abine will refund the full amount you paid for Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) or Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile) Premium if: (1) we receive a clearly-stated refund request from you within 14 days of the date of purchase, (2) you provide proof of purchase, and (3) we're able to locate you as a Premium user with the data you provide us.
Please note that you can cancel your Blur or Blur Mobile Premium subscription at any time.
the refund only applies to the initial 14 days following your original purchase.


Termination: This Agreement shall immediately terminate upon any breach of its terms.
This license is effective until either party terminates it.
You may terminate this Agreement at any time by uninstalling Blur or Blur Mobile Premium and deleting its files.
You may uninstall Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) or Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile) Premium by going to your browser's preferences and disabling or deleting it.
Note that Blur is a browser add-on, not a traditional program, so it will not appear in your computer's list of programs.
Blur Mobile will appear as a separate application for your mobile device.
This license will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with any provision stated herein, and we may terminate this license manually if we learn of any prohibited uses of the software: 

 You may not copy, adapt, alter, modify, translate, or create derivative works of the Software without our written authorization, which we may withhold in our sole discretion for any reason.

 You may not remove any product identification, copyright notices, or other proprietary restrictions from Abine.

 Reverse engineering or use of the software other than as specifically provided herein is strictly prohibited.
We don't publicly share our code because we're trying to avoid getting ripped off, not because we have deep, dark secrets.
If you would like to view the source code under a non-disclosure agreement for academic, research, or other non-commercial purposes, please contact info@abine.com.





Your data in Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) &amp.
Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile): When you use Blur or Blur Mobile, you retain ownership over all of your personal data.
Abine will never sell this data.
All of your personal Masked Email, Masked Phone, and Masked Card data is encrypted using industry standard 256-bit AES encryption.
The information is accessed by the client in real time when the information is needed.
The information needed by Blur or Blur Mobile is accessed by the client in real time when the information is needed.


Payments: If you're using Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) or Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile) Premium, we may use service providers to process certain features, including but not limited to payments, phone calls, and text messaging.
These service providers will have access to some of your data only to process it, but they'll never own or share it with anyone else.
Abine always retains ownership and control over it.


Uninstall instructions: You may uninstall Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) or Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile) at any time by going to your browser's preferences and disabling or deleting it.
Note that Blur is a browser add-on, not a traditional program, so it will not appear in your computer's list of programs.
You may delete the Blur mobile app through your mobile device's application management options.

 Ownership: Abine Inc.
remains the owner of all right, title, and interest in and to the software and associated intellectual property rights subject only to the specific license provided here.


Warranty: This free software is provided "AS IS" with NO WARRANTY of any type.
We disclaim any and all warranties, express or implied, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
In no event shall we or any of our offices, directors, employees, or consultants be liable for damages of any sort (whether direct, indirect or consequential) resulting from the use of the software.
Use the software at your own risk.


Jurisdiction: This Agreement is governed by the law of Massachusetts.
The parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts, agree to accept service of process by mail, and waive any jurisdictional or venue defenses otherwise available.


Privacy: Abine is dedicated to consumer privacy rights and operates Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) &amp.
Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile) under our privacy policy.
We urge you to read that policy now and revisit occasionally because we may update it.
We'll strive to make our policies understandable.

 If you have any questions about this license, please contact us at legal@getabine.com  MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile License Agreement  This document is an agreement between you, a user (“user,” “customer,” “you”) of MaskMe/MaskMe Mobile (“the software”) and us (“Abine,” “Abine, Inc,” “us”).
By downloading and/or using this software, including any later revisions of it that we make available to you, you're agreeing to be bound by this Agreement.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, you should not download or use the software.

 Abine grants you a license to use one or both of these products and their documentation, subject to the separate, applicable provisions below: (1), MaskMe Free.
(2), MaskMe Premium.
(3) MaskMe Mobile Free.
(4) MaskMe Mobile Premium.


License for MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile FREE


 MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile Free is defined as MaskMe for which you did not pay Abine.


License: You are hereby granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable limited license to use the software (in object code form only) for non-commercial uses consistent with the description of the software we provided with it, the remainder of this Agreement, our Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Service.



 License for MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile PREMIUM  MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile Premium is defined as MaskMe for which you paid Abine or used a coupon code as substitute payment.


License: You are hereby granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable limited license to use the software (in object code form only) for non-commercial uses consistent with the description of the software we provided with it, the remainder of this Agreement, our Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Service.

 One MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile Premium license shall be granted per customer, per subscription.
If a different user wishes to use MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile, that user shall purchase his or her own MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile Premium subscription.


Subscriptions, cancellations, and renewals: MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile Premium is a subscription, so customer pays a recurring license fee to Abine.
Customer agrees that once the MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile subscription fee is due, Abine or our credit card processing company will charge it automatically to the credit card that customer provided with the original purchase of the MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile license, and that such charges will continue indefinitely.
Customer has the right to terminate the subscription at any time.
Such termination will result in termination of MaskMe premium service for all of customer's devices and no further billing of customer's credit card beyond the current pay period.

 If the subscription fee is not paid on time for any reason, then customer agrees that MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile Premium will lose its Premium status and revert to Free status, losing Premium features.
Customer also agrees that Abine has the right to delete all of customer's MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile data that Abine stores on its servers if customer's account remains unpaid for more than 60 days.


Initial purchase refund: Abine will refund the full amount you paid for Blur (formerly DoNotTrackMe) or Blur Mobile (formerly DoNotTrackMe Mobile) Premium if: (1) we receive a clearly-stated refund request from you within 14 days of the date of purchase, (2) you provide proof of purchase, and (3) we're able to locate you as a Premium user with the data you provide us.
Please note that you can cancel your Blur or Blur Mobile Premium subscription at any time.
the refund only applies to the initial 14 days following your original purchase.
 Common Provisions for MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile Free and MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile Premium  All provisions in this section apply to both MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile Free and MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile Premium, even if only MaskMe is mentioned.


Termination for breach of terms: This Agreement shall immediately terminate upon any breach of its terms.

 You may not copy, adapt, alter, modify, translate, or create derivative works of the Software without our written authorization, which we may withhold in our sole discretion for any reason.

 You may not remove any product identification, copyright notices, or other proprietary restrictions from Abine.

 Reverse engineering or use of the software other than as specifically provided herein is strictly prohibited.
We don't publicly share our code because we're trying to avoid getting ripped off, not because we have deep, dark secrets.
If you would like to view the source code under a non-disclosure agreement for academic, research, or other non-commercial purposes, please contact info@abine.com.


Your data in MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile: When you use MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile, you retain ownership over all of your accounts, passwords, browsing activity, and personal data.
Abine will never sell this data.
This data is stored locally in an encrypted database that we do not have the ability to decrypt.
They are encrypted using industry standard 256-bit AES encryption.
If you choose to use the Sync feature to access your MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile data from any device, that means we're storing that data in an encrypted form on our servers - we can't read your passwords or see your accounts.

 MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile uses unique identifiers that are not tied to you or your IP address and are used to help you receive software updates, as well as to validate masked email requests.
You can view this chart to see exactly what data we have and how it's stored.


Payments: If you're using MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile Premium, we may use service providers to process certain features, including but not limited to payments, phone calls, and text messaging.
These service providers will have access to some of your data only to process it, but they'll never own or share it with anyone else.
Abine always retains ownership and control over it.


Sync: MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile's sync option (MaskMe Premium) stores data either anonymously or in an encrypted form on Abine servers.


Ownership: Abine Inc.
remains the owner of all right, title, and interest in and to the software and associated intellectual property rights subject only to the specific license provided here.


Uninstall instructions: You may uninstall MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile at any time by going to your browser's preferences and disabling or deleting it.
Note that MaskMe is a browser add-on, not a traditional program, so it will not appear in your computer's list of programs.
You may delete the MaskMe mobile app through your mobile device's application management options.


Warranties and limitations of liability: This software is provided "AS IS" with  NO WARRANTY  of any type.
We disclaim any and all warranties, express or implied, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
In no event shall we or any of our offices, directors, employees, or consultants be liable for damages of any sort (whether direct, indirect or consequential) resulting from the use of the software.
Although we make reasonable efforts to secure our data storage, Abine does not warrant that customer information that you store in MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile will not be stolen or unlawfully accessed by third parties.
Use the software at your own risk.


Termination: This license is effective until either party terminates it.
You may terminate this Agreement at any time by uninstalling MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile and deleting applicable files.
This license will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with any provision stated herein, and we may terminate this license manually if we learn of any prohibited uses of the software.


Jurisdiction: This Agreement is governed by the law of Massachusetts.
The parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts, agree to accept service of process by mail, and waive any jurisdictional or venue defenses otherwise available.


Privacy: Abine is dedicated to consumer privacy rights and operates MaskMe &amp.
MaskMe Mobile under our privacy policy.
We urge you to read that policy now and revisit occasionally because we may update it.
We'll strive to make our policies understandable.

 If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us at legal@getabine.com.
 Products 
Blur
DeleteMe
 Company 
About Us
Team
Careers
 Trust 
Mission
Who We Are
Privacy Policy
 Contact 
Blog
Press
Support






Abine, Inc., PO Box 410009 Cambridge, MA 02141
© Abine, Inc.
2017  