Terms of Service AgreementEffective Date: March 16, 2017PLEASE READ THIS TERMS AND CONDITIONS AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY.
THIS AGREEMENT IS A LEGAL CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU ("USER") AND MEREDITH CORPORATION ("MEREDITH," "COMPANY," "WE," OR "US").

SECTION 15 OF THIS AGREEMENT IS AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE THAT REQUIRES MOST DISPUTES BETWEEN US TO BE RESOLVED THROUGH BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION INSTEAD OF IN COURT.
SEE SECTION 15 FOR MORE INFORMATION REGARDING THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE, AND HOW TO OPT OUT.
By accessing or using any website with an authorized link to this Agreement ("Website"), registering an account or accessing or using any content, information, services, features or resources available or enabled via the Website (collectively with the Website, the "Services"), clicking on a button or taking another action to signify your acceptance of this Agreement, you: (1) agree to be bound by this Agreement and any future amendments and additions to this Agreement as published through the Services.
(2) represent you are of legal age in your jurisdiction of residence to form a binding contract.
and (3) represent that you have the authority to enter into this Agreement personally and, if applicable, on behalf of any company, organization or other legal entity on whose behalf you use the Services.
Except as otherwise provided herein, if you do not agree to be bound by this Agreement, you may not access or use the Services.

Your use of the Services is also subject to any additional terms, conditions and policies that we separately post on the Services ("Supplemental Terms") which are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
Some of the specialized features and tools accessible through our Services are provided by third-party companies pursuant to their own separate Terms of Service (“Third-Party Terms”) that differ from ours.  By using such third-party features and tools, you agree that your relationships with the third-party service providers will be governed by the applicable Third-Party Terms.
Subject to Section 15.9 of this Agreement, Meredith reserves the right to modify this Agreement or its policies relating to the Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Agreement or any applicable Supplemental Terms on the applicable Services.
You should regularly review this Agreement, as your continued use of the Services after any such changes constitutes your agreement to such changes.

1.
Registration. When registering an account for the Services ("Account"), you agree to provide only true, accurate, current and complete information requested by the registration form (the "Registration Data") and to promptly update the Registration Data thereafter as necessary.
You represent that you are not barred from using the Services under any applicable law and that you will be responsible for all activities that occur under your Account.
You agree to monitor your Account to restrict its use by minors and other unauthorized users and agree not to share your Account or password with anyone.
You further agree to notify Meredith immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or any other breach of the security of your Account and to exit from your Account at the end of each session.
You agree not to create an Account using a false identity or alias or if you previously have been banned from using any of the Services.
You further agree that you will not maintain more than one Account for the same Meredith service at any given time.
Meredith reserves the right to remove or reclaim any usernames at any time and for any reason.
You acknowledge and agree that you have no ownership or other property interest in your Account and that all rights in and to your Account are owned by and inure to the benefit of Meredith.

2.
Order Process.


2.1 Order Acceptance.
 Each part of any order that you submit to Meredith constitutes an offer to purchase.
If you do not receive a message from Meredith confirming receipt of your order, please contact our Customer Service department before re-entering your order.
Meredith's confirmation of receipt of your order does not constitute Meredith's acceptance of your order.
Meredith is only deemed to have accepted your order once (i) the product(s) you ordered (each, a "Product") have been shipped (if the Product is a one-time order) or (ii) the initial Product for a subscription has been delivered (if the Product is subject to a subscription for the delivery of periodicals or other tangible goods) or (iii) you are granted access to the paid content or resources of a Product consisting of a digital subscription or membership).

2.2 Order Issues.
 Although we strive to accept all valid orders, Meredith reserves the right to deny any order for any reason, including if: (i) we discover an error in pricing and/or other information about the Product or receive insufficient or erroneous billing, payment, and/or shipping information, (ii) we suspect an order has been placed using stolen payment card information or otherwise appears to be connected to fraud, or (iii) the ordered Product is unavailable due to discontinuance or otherwise.
We may also refuse any order that is connected with a previous payment dispute.

2.3 Order Cancellation.
 If any Product is discontinued or otherwise becomes unavailable, Meredith reserves the right to (i) cancel your order and provide you a refund for the amount paid for the Product (if the Product is a one-time order), (ii) substitute the Product with a similar Product (if the Product is subject to a subscription) or (iii) issue you a pro rata refund.

2.4 Restrictions on Resale.
 To protect the intellectual property rights of Meredith and its licensors and suppliers, any resale of Products for personal and/or business profit is strictly prohibited.
Meredith reserves the right to decline any order that we deem to possess characteristics of reselling.

3.
Fees and Purchase Terms.


3.1 Payment.
 You agree to pay all fees or charges to your Account in accordance with the fees, charges and billing terms in effect at the time a fee or charge is due and payable.
You also agree to pay all applicable taxes.
You must provide Meredith with valid payment information in connection with your orders.
By providing Meredith with your payment information, you agree that (i) Meredith is authorized to immediately invoice your Account for all fees and charges due and payable to Meredith hereunder, (ii) Meredith is authorized to share any payment information and instructions required to complete the payment transactions with its third-party payment service providers (e.g., credit card transaction processing, merchant settlement, and related services), and (iii) no additional notice or consent is required for the foregoing authorizations.
You agree to immediately notify Meredith of any change in your payment information.
Meredith reserves the right at any time to change its prices and billing methods.
If payment cannot be charged to your payment card or your payment is returned for any reason, Meredith reserves the right to either suspend or terminate your access to the upaid-for services.

3.2 Automatic Renewal.
 If your order is subject to automatic renewal, you will be notified during the order process.
The automatic renewal and cancellation terms provided during the order process are hereby incorporated into this Agreement.

3.3 Refunds.
 Except as set forth in Section 2.3 or in any separate refund policy posted on the Services, all fees are non-refundable.

3.4 Discounts, Promo Codes and Premium Offers.
 We may, in our sole discretion, create discounts and promotional codes that may be redeemed for credit in your Account, or other features or benefits, subject to any additional terms that we establish on a per promotional code basis ("Promo Codes").
Promo Codes may only be used once per person.
Only Promo Codes sent to you through official Meredith communications channels are valid.
You agree that Promo Codes: (i) must be used for the intended audience and purpose, and in a lawful manner.
(ii) may not be duplicated, sold, or transferred in any manner, or made available to the general public (whether posted to a public forum or otherwise), unless expressly permitted by us.
(iii) may be disabled by us at any time for any reason without liability to us.
(iv) may only be used pursuant to the specific terms that we establish for such Promo Code.
(v) are not redeemable for cash.
and (vi) may expire prior to your use.
From time to time, we may offer special promotions (such as free premiums with purchase), associated with some of our products or Services.
All promotional offers, inlcuding premium offers, may be discontinued at any time, without prior notice, at our discretion and are only available while supplies last or for the duration noted.  Unless otherwise stated in the offer, shipment of premium items may take 6-12 weeks and shipping fees may apply.

4.
User Content.


4.1 Responsible Party for Content.
 You acknowledge that all content is the sole responsibility of the party from whom such content originated.
This means that each User is entirely responsible for all content that that User makes available through the Services, or otherwise provided to Meredith, whether online or offline and whether or not solicited by Meredith ("User Content").
Meredith has no obligation to pre-screen any content.
You use all User Content and interact with other Users at your own risk.
Without limiting the foregoing, Meredith reserves the right in its sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or remove any content.
Meredith shall have the right to remove any content that violates this Agreement or is otherwise objectionable.

4.2 Ownership of Your Content.
 Meredith does not claim ownership of any User Content you make available on the Services ("Your Content").
However, when you as a User post or publish Your Content on or in the Services, you represent that you have all of the necessary rights to grant Meredith the license set forth in Section 4.3.
Except with respect to Your Content, you agree that you have no right or title in or to any content that appears on or in the Services.

4.3 License to Your Content.
 Subject to any applicable Account settings that you select, you grant Meredith, and anyone authorized by Meredith, an irrevocable, nonexclusive, perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free right and license to use, copy, display, publicly perform, transmit, modify,  publish, distribute, make derivative works of, sublicense, and otherwise commercially and non-commercially exploit  and use Your Content (in whole or in part) in any manner or medium now existing or hereafter developed (including print and electronic storage) and for any purpose.
The foregoing grant includes the right to exploit any proprietary rights in Your Content, including, but not limited to, under copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent or other intellectual property laws that exist in any relevant jurisdiction.  In connection with the exercise of these rights, you grant Meredith, and anyone authorized by Meredith, the right to identify you as the author of Your Content by name, email address or screen name, as we deem appropriate.
You will not receive any compensation of any kind for the use of Your Content.  Note that other Users may search for, see, use, modify and reproduce any of Your Content that you submit to any "public" area of the Services.


4.4 Ratings and Reviews.
 Ratings and reviews posted by Users on our Services are User Content that is not endorsed by Meredith and does not represent the views of Meredith.
Meredith does not assume liability for ratings and reviews or for any claims for economic loss resulting from such ratings and reviews.
Because we expect Users to maintain a high level of integrity with respect to ratings and reviews posted through the Services, you agree: (i) to base any rating or review you post only on your first-hand experience with the applicable business, product, or service.
(ii) you will not provide a rating or review for any business, product, or service with respect to which you have a competitive, ownership or other economic interest, employment relationship or other affiliation.
(iii) you will not submit a rating or review in exchange for payment or other benefits from any individual or entity.
and (iv) your review will comply with the terms of this Agreement.
If we determine, in our sole discretion, that any rating or review could diminish the integrity of the ratings and reviews, we may exclude such User Content without notice.


4.5 Other Restrictions on User Conduct.
 You agree not to use the Services for any purpose prohibited by this Agreement or by applicable law.
You shall not (and shall not permit any third-party to) (a) take any action or (b) make available any content on or through the Services that: (i) infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other right of any person or entity.
(ii) is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortious, obscene, offensive, or profane.
(iii) constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail.
(iv) involves commercial activities and/or sales without Meredith's prior written consent, such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes.
or (v) impersonates any person or entity, including any employee or representative of Meredith.

5.
Feedback. You agree that your submission of any ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals to Meredith ("Feedback") is at your own risk and that Meredith has no obligations with respect to such Feedback.
You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to submit the Feedback.
You hereby grant to Meredith the right to use any Feedback in any way at any time without any additional approval or compensation.

6.
Ownership of and License to Use Meredith Properties.


6.1 Use of the Services.
 Except with respect to User Content, Meredith and its suppliers own all rights, title and interest in the Services.
The Services are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws throughout the world.
Subject to this Agreement, Meredith grants you a limited license to use the Services solely for your personal non-commercial purposes.
Any future release, update or other addition to the Services shall be subject to this Agreement.
Meredith, its suppliers and service providers reserve all rights not granted in this Agreement.

6.2 Trademarks.
 Meredith's stylized name and other related graphics, logos, service marks and trade names used on or in connection with the Services are the trademarks of Meredith and may not be used without permission in connection with any third-party products or services.
Other trademarks, service marks and trade names that may appear on or in the Services are the property of their respective owners.
You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright notice, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services.

7.
Restrictions on Use of Services.
 The rights granted to you in this Agreement are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, reproduce, distribute, host or otherwise commercially exploit the Services or any portion of the Services.
(b) you shall not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo or Services (including images, text, page layout or form) of Meredith.
(c) you shall not use any metatags or other "hidden text" using Meredith's name or trademarks.
(d) you shall not modify, translate, adapt, merge, make derivative works of, disassemble, decompile, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Services except to the extent the foregoing restrictions are expressly prohibited by applicable law.
(e) you shall not use any manual or automated software, devices or other processes (including but not limited to spiders, robots, scrapers, crawlers, avatars, data mining tools or the like) to "scrape" or download data from the Services (except that we grant the operators of public search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Website for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials).
(f) you shall not access the Services to build a similar or competitive website, application or service.
(g) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Services may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means.
(h) you shall not remove or destroy any copyright notices or other proprietary markings contained on or in the Services.
(i) you shall not interfere with or attempt to interfere with the proper functioning of the Services or use the Services in any way not expressly permitted by this Agreement.
and (j) you shall not attempt to harm our Services, including but not limited to, by violating or attempting to violate any related security features, introducing viruses, worms, or similar harmful code into the Services, or interfering or attempting to interfere with use of the Services by any other user, host or network, including by means of overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mail bombing", or "crashing" the Services.
Any unauthorized use of the Services terminates the licenses granted by Meredith pursuant to this Agreement.

8.
Third-Party Links. The Services may contain links to third-party services such as third party websites, applications, or ads ("Third-Party Links").
When you click on such a link, we will not warn you that you have left the Services.
Meredith does not control and is not responsible for Third-Party Links.
Meredith provides these Third-Party Links only as a convenience and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to them, or any content, products or services accessible through such links.
Your use of all Third-Party Links is at your own risk.

9.
Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold Meredith, its corporate parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and the officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners and licensors of each (collectively, the "Meredith Parties") harmless from any damages, losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) relating to or arising out of any claims concerning: (a) Your Content.
(b) your misuse of the Services.
(c) your violation of this Agreement.
(d) your violation of any rights of another party, including any Users.
or (e) your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations.
Meredith reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with Meredith in asserting any available defenses.
This provision does not require you to indemnify any of the Meredith Parties for any unconscionable commercial practice by such party or for such party's negligence, fraud, deception, false promise, misrepresentation or concealment, suppression or omission of any material fact.
You agree that the provisions in this section will survive any termination of your Account, this Agreement or your access to the Services.

10.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Conditions. YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES AND ANY PRODUCTS OFFERED THROUGH THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, AND THE SERVICES AND ANY PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITH ALL FAULTS.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE MEREDITH PARTIES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT ARISING FROM USE OF THE SERVICES AND PRODUCTS.
MEREDITH PARTIES MAKE NO WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR CONDITION THAT: (1) THE SERVICES OR ANY PRODUCTS WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR (2) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE.

IF YOU RELY ON ANY DATA OR INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH OUR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS THAT RESULTS FROM YOUR USE OF SUCH DATA OR INFORMATION.


OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT MEREDITH AND ITS USERS ARE NOT ENGAGED IN RENDERING LEGAL, MEDICAL, COUNSELING OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES OR ADVICE.
OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE NO SUBSTITUTE FOR PROFESSIONAL SERVICES OR ADVICE.

CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES.
IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.

11.
Limitation of Liability.


11.1 Disclaimer of Certain Damages.
 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BYAPPLICABLE LAW, THE MEREDITH PARTIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUE OR FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES OR COSTS DUE TO LOSS OF DATA, PRODUCTION, OR USE, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, WHETHER OR NOT MEREDITH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

11.2 Cap on Liability.
 UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL AGGREGATE AMOUNT THAT THE MEREDITH PARTIES ARE LIABLE TO YOU EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) THE TOTAL AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID TO MEREDITH BY YOU DURING THE TWELVE-MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE ACT, OMISSION OR OCCURRENCE GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY, (B) THE REMEDY OR PENALTY IMPOSED BY THE STATUTE OR REGULATION UNDER WHICH SUCH CLAIM ARISES, OR (C) ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100).
THE FOREGOING CAP ON LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY OF A MEREDITH PARTY FOR (X) DEATH, TANGIBLE PROPERTY DAMAGE, OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY A MEREDITH PARTY'S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR FOR (Y) ANY INJURY CAUSED BY A MEREDITH PARTY'S FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.

11.3 User Content and Settings.
 THE MEREDITH PARTIES ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE TIMELINESS, DELETION, MIS-DELIVERY OR FAILURE TO STORE ANY CONTENT, USER COMMUNICATIONS OR PERSONALIZATION SETTINGS.

11.4 Basis of the Bargain.
 THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN MEREDITH AND YOU.

11.5 Exclusions.
 THE LAWS OF SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES.
IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU MIGHT HAVE OTHER RIGHTS.
IN ADDITION, THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER OF PUNITIVE AND EXEMPLARY DAMAGES SHALL NOT APPLY TO USERS WHO RESIDE IN THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY.


12.
Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement. If you believe content posted on the Services infringes your copyright rights, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information: (1) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest.
(2) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed.
(3) a description of the location on the Services of the material that you claim is infringing.
(4) your address, telephone number and e-mail address.
(5) a written statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
and (6) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Correspondence to our Copyright Agent regarding notice of claims of copyright infringement should be addressed to: Meredith Corporation, 1716 Locust Street, Des Moines, IA 50309-3023, Attn: General Counsel.

13.
Termination. At its sole discretion, Meredith may modify or discontinue the Services, or may modify, suspend or terminate your access to the Services, for any reason, with or without notice to you and without liability to you or any third party.
In addition to suspending or terminating your access to the Services, Meredith reserves the right to take appropriate legal action, including without limitation pursuing civil, criminal or injunctive redress.
Even after your right to use the Services is terminated, this Agreement will remain enforceable against you and unpaid amounts you owe to Meredith for Products purchased will remain due.

14.
International Users. The Services are controlled and offered by Meredith from its facilities in the United States of America.
Meredith makes no representations that the Services are appropriate or available for use in other locations.
Those who access or use the Services from other countries do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law.

15.
Dispute Resolution.



Please read the following arbitration agreement in this section



("Arbitration Agreement")



carefully.
It requires you to arbitrate most disputes with Meredith and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from us.



15.1 Applicability of Arbitration Agreement.
 You agree that any dispute between you and us relating in any way to the Services, our advertising or marketing practices, any Products sold or distributed through the Services, or this Agreement, will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that (1) you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify, so long as the matter remains in such court and advances only on an individual (non-class, non-representative) basis.
and (2) you or Meredith may seek equitable relief in court for infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights, and patents).
This Arbitration Agreement shall apply, without limitation, to all claims that arose or were asserted before the Effective Date of this Agreement or any prior version of this Agreement.





IF YOU AGREE TO ARBITRATION WITH MEREDITH, YOU ARE AGREEING IN ADVANCE THAT YOU WILL NOT PARTICIPATE IN OR SEEK TO RECOVER MONETARY OR OTHER RELIEF IN ANY LAWSUIT FILED AGAINST MEREDITH ALLEGING CLASS, COLLECTIVE, AND/OR REPRESENTATIVE CLAIMS ON YOUR BEHALF.
INSTEAD, BY AGREEING TO ARBITRATION, YOU MAY BRING COVERED CLAIMS AGAINST MEREDITH ONLY IN AN INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION PROCEEDING.
IF SUCCESSFUL ON SUCH CLAIMS, YOU COULD BE AWARDED MONEY OR OTHER RELIEF BY AN ARBITRATOR.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE BEEN ADVISED THAT YOU MAY CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY IN DECIDING WHETHER TO ACCEPT THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT.



15.2 Arbitration Rules and Forum.
 The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement.
To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to John Zieser, General Counsel, Meredith Corporation, 1716 Locust Street, Des Moines, IA 50309.
The arbitration will be conducted by JAMS, an established alternative dispute resolution provider.
Disputes involving claims and counterclaims with an amount in controversy under $250,000, not inclusive of attorneys' fees and interest, shall be subject to JAMS' most current version of the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and procedures available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-streamlined-arbitration/.
all other claims shall be subject to JAMS's most current version of the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures, available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-comprehensive-arbitration/.
JAMS's rules are also available at www.jamsadr.comor by calling JAMS at 800-352-5267.
If JAMS is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select an alternative arbitral forum.
If the arbitrator finds that you cannot afford to pay JAMS's filing, administrative, hearing and/or other fees and you cannot obtain a waiver from JAMS, Meredith will pay them for you.
In addition, Meredith will reimburse all such JAMS' filing, administrative, hearing and/or other fees for claims with an amount in controversy totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.
You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.
Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

15.3 Authority of Arbitrator.
 The arbitrator, and not any federal, state or local court or agency shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute related to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this Arbitration Agreement including, but not limited to any claim that all or any part of this Arbitration Agreement is void or voidable.
The arbitrator will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and Meredith.
The arbitration proceeding will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other proceedings or parties.
The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim or dispute.
The arbitrator shall have the authority to award monetary damages and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the arbitral forum's rules, and this Agreement (including the Arbitration Agreement).
The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which any award (or decision not to render an award) is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded.
The arbitrator shall follow the applicable law.
The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have.
The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and us.

15.4 Waiver of Jury Trial.
 YOU AND MEREDITH HEREBY WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO SUE IN COURT (OTHER THAN SMALL CLAIMS COURT AS PERMITTED HEREIN) AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY.
You and Meredith are instead electing that all covered claims and disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement, except as specified in section 15.1 above.
An arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court and must follow this Agreement as a court would.
However, there is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very limited review.

15.5 Waiver of Class or Consolidated Actions.
 ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS, COLLECTIVE OR REPRESENTATIVE BASIS.
ONLY INDIVIDUAL RELIEF IS AVAILABLE FOR CLAIMS COVERED BY THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, AND CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event that this section 15.5 is deemed invalid or unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or dispute, neither you nor we shall be entitled to arbitration of such claim or dispute and instead the applicable claim or dispute shall be resolved in a court as set forth in section 16.5.

15.6 30-Day Right to Opt Out.
 You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement by sending a timely written notice of your decision to opt out to the following address: Meredith Corporation, 1716 Locust Street, Des Moines, IA 50309-3023, Attn: General Counsel or email to arbitrationoptout@meredith.com, within 30 days after first becoming subject to this Arbitration Agreement.
Your notice must include your name and address, your Meredith username (if any), the email address you used to set up your Meredith account (if you have one), and a clear statement that you want to opt out of this Arbitration Agreement.
If you opt out of this Arbitration Agreement, all other parts of this Agreement will continue to apply to you.
Opting out of this Arbitration Agreement has no effect on any other arbitration agreements that you may currently have with us, or may enter into in the future with us.

15.7 Severability.
 Subject to section 15.5, if any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

15.8 Survival of Agreement.
 This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination or expiration of the Agreement or your relationship with Meredith.

15.9 Modification.
 Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, we agree that if Meredith makes any future material change to this Arbitration Agreement, it will not apply to any individual claim(s) of which you had already provided notice to Meredith.

16.
General Provisions.


16.1 Electronic Communications.
 The communications between you and Meredith use electronic means, whether you visit the Services or send Meredith e-mails, or whether Meredith posts notices on the Services or communicates with you via e-mail.
For contractual purposes, you (1) consent to receive communications from Meredith in an electronic form.
and (2) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications and documents that Meredith provides to you electronically will have the same legal effect that such communications or documents would have if they were set forth in "writing." The foregoing sentence does not affect your statutory rights.

16.2 Assignment.
 This Agreement, and your rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated or otherwise transferred by you without Meredith's prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void.

16.3 Force Majeure.
 Meredith shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargos, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials.

16.4 Questions, Complaints, Claims.
 If you have any questions, complaints or claims with respect to the Services, please contact our customer service department using the contact information available on the Services.
We will do our best to address your concerns.

16.5 Exclusive Venue.
 To the extent the parties are permitted under this Agreement to initiate litigation in a court, both you and Meredith agree that all claims and disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be litigated exclusively in the state courts in Polk County, Iowa or federal courts located in the Southern District of Iowa.

16.6 Governing Law.
 THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY ACTION RELATED THERETO WILL BE GOVERNED AND INTERPRETED BY AND UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OFIOWA, CONSISTENT WITH THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CONFLICT OF LAW OR OTHER PRINCIPLES THAT PROVIDE FOR THE APPLICATION OF THE LAW OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION.
THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON CONTRACTS FOR THE INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS DOES NOT APPLY TO THIS AGREEMENT.

16.7 Notice.
 Where Meredith requires that you provide an e-mail address, you are responsible for providing Meredith with your most current e-mail address.
In the event that the last e-mail address you provided to Meredith is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you any notices required/ permitted by this Agreement, Meredith's dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice.
You may give notice to Meredith at the following address: Meredith Corporation, 1716 Locust Street, Des Moines, IA 50309-3023, Attn: General Counsel.
Such notice shall be deemed given when received by Meredith by letter delivered by nationally recognized overnight delivery service or first class postage prepaid mail at the above address.

16.8 Waiver.
 Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion.

16.9 Severability.
 Subject to Section 15.5, if any portion of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intention of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect.

16.10 Export Control.
 You may not use, export, import, or transfer the Services except as authorized by U.S.
law, the laws of the jurisdiction in which you obtained the Services, and any other applicable laws.
In particular, but without limitation, the Services may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any United States embargoed countries, or (b) to anyone on the U.S.
Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S.
Department of Commerce's Denied Person's List or Entity List.
By using the Services, you represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a "terrorist supporting" country and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
You also will not use the Services for any purpose prohibited by U.S.
law.

16.11 Consumer Complaints.
 In accordance with California Civil Code §1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.

16.12 Entire Agreement.
 This Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between the parties with respect to such subject matter.
 Meredith Privacy PolicyEffective February 16, 2017Quick Links
To read our EU privacy policy click here
To read our detailed privacy policy click here
To opt-out of many third-party tracking technologies for interest-based advertising, follow the instructions here
To opt-out of precise location tracking of your mobile device, follow the instructions here
To opt-out of promotions sent by mail from third parties, click here.
To opt-out of promotions sent by mail from Meredith Corporation, click here.
To update or correct your information with Meredith, click here

 Changes Made in Our Most Recent Update:
We’ve updated our description of how our service providers and provider partners may collect information directly from you to support services they perform for us and services or features they provide to our users through our sites.

 
Please read this summary and our updated privacy policy carefully so you understand what types of information Meredith collects about you, how we use and share that information and your related choices.
 Your California Privacy Rights(As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83)
California residents have the right to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed certain types of personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year.
At our option, we may respond by providing instructions about how our users can prevent our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
You can read these instructions in the section of our Online Privacy Policy titled "How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-out Choices".
Or, if you are a California resident and prefer that we send you a separate response, please email your request to privacy@meredith.com
More
 Children and PrivacyMeredith cares about protecting the privacy of children.
We won’t knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to provide us any personally identifying information online.
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any personal information about themselves.
If you’re under 13, please do not register for any of our services or provide us information about yourself.
More
 What Information Do We Collect?Meredith and our service providers collect a variety of information about you including:

Information you choose to provide to us directly when using our Services and information about the computers and devices you use to access our services, including their location.
Information about your browsing activity as you use our Services and interact with our content, email messages and advertising.
Some information may be collected automatically through cookies, beacons and other tracking and personalization technologies.
Information about the general location of your computer or device.
With your prior consent, we may also collect or allow authorized service providers to collect information about your precise mobile device location, including when you interact directly with one of our mobile services and continuously over time while an application is not in use but is running in the background.
Information about you or your household that we obtain from other sources where permitted by law.

More
 How We Use the Information We Collect
We and our service providers and provider partners use the information about you we or they collect for a variety purposes including to:
Customize the content and advertising you see on our Services and other services and marketing channels and recognize you as a previous visitor.
Provide the services you request and improve these services.
Tell you about offers we think you will value.
Conduct market research and audience analysis
Authenticate users and protect the security of our sites.
For any other purpose described at the point of collection or with your consent.

More
 How Do We Share Information?We may share anonymous or aggregated information about you in a way that does not identify you personally as we deem appropriate.
Except as otherwise noted in our Privacy Policy, we may share your other information in various circumstances, including:

When we have obtained your consent.
With business partners that co-sponsor promotions we offer or provide a tool or feature accessible through our Services.
Within the family of Meredith sites and Services and with other Meredith businesses.
With our service providers, select third-party advertisers and other companies involved in the delivery of the advertising you see online and offline.
To protect or defend the rights of Meredith or our users.
Together with other assets, if a Meredith website or Service is sold to another company.
When required by law or as we deem necessary or appropriate to respond to requests from public authorities.

More
 Your Choices
You can update any contact information you provide to us by using the “My Account” feature available on many of our sites or emailing us at privacy@meredith.com.
You can stop the delivery of commercial email messages you receive from any Meredith brand by using the unsubscribe link in any such email you receive.
You can remove your name and postal address from lists we sell or rent to third parties for their direct marketing purposes by using the opt-out form here.
You can opt-out of our use of your Web Site viewing behavior data to serve you interest-based advertising on third-party sites and email newsletters here or by clicking on the Ad Choices icon in the footer of our websites and navigating to the consumer opt-out form.
Use the same links to opt-out of interest-based advertising on our Web Sites from any third-party advertising networks we may use.
You can stop the collection of precise location information you previously authorized by accessing the privacy settings of your mobile device and/or through the settings in the applicable mobile application.
If you are a mobile app user, you may be able to reset the advertising identifier used to deliver interest-based ads to your device or prevent the related collection of user data across unaffiliated applications for interest-based advertising by accessing the privacy settings in your device.
Each operating system, iOS for Apple devices, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices, provides its own instructions.
You can also exercise choice over the collection of cross-app data on your mobile device by companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance choice tool by installing the AppChoices app available here.

More
 Other Information
Meredith is committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern.
We have adopted commercially reasonable procedures to help us secure your information but no data transmissions or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
For more complete information about our privacy practices, please review our full Meredith Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions, please email us at privacy@meredith.com.

 Read MoreMeredith Privacy Policy
Effective Date: February 16, 2017
Privacy PolicyWelcome! This Privacy Policy applies to your use of websites, interactive services, email programs and mobile device applications provided by Meredith Corporation or our affiliates (collectively, "Meredith," "we" or "us") that include an authorized link or reference to this policy (collectively, the "Services").
Except as specified herein, this policy does not apply to information you may provide to us offline.
By using any of our Services, you agree that this Online Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Agreement govern your use of our Services and any dispute concerning the Services.
Please take a few minutes to read them before using or registering to access our Services.
This Policy describes our privacy practices regarding:

Children under 13
Information Collected Through Our Services
Information We May Obtain from Other Sources
How We Use the Information We Collect
How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-Out Choices
Your Opt-Out Choices
Sites to Which We Link
How to Correct or Update Your Information
Security, Retention and Storage of Information
Changes to Our Privacy Policy

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@meredith.com
Return to top
 Children Under 13:Meredith cares about protecting the privacy of children.
We won't knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to provide us any personally identifying information online.
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any personal information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else.
We encourage you to become involved in your children's online experience, and to share your knowledge and experience with your young ones.
If you're under 13, please do not register for any of our Services or provide us with any personally identifying information (such as your name, email address or phone number).
Return to top
 Information Collected Through Our Services:The information we gather through our Services falls into two categories: (1) information you voluntarily supply to us when you register, purchase magazine subscriptions or initiate other transactions, participate in promotions or surveys, submit comments or questions or otherwise communicate with us or others through the Services, and (2) information collected automatically as you use our Services, including without limitation, information that may be collected through our mobile applications while they are in use or running in the background of your device.
Third-party providers and advertisers featured on, or linked to or from, our Services may also gather information through processes that we don't control and subject to their own separate privacy policies, which may differ from ours.
Some of our Services also may participate in third-party advertising networks or similar services that collect information about your computer or device and your activity online and as a mobile user to tailor some of the advertising that you see on our Services and other third-party sites, mobile apps and marketing channels in their networks to your interests.
 Registration and Other Personally Identifying Information.You may register to use certain features of our Services.
When you register, we may collect personally identifying information, including your name, postal address, email address, user name and password, reminder questions and answers and communications preferences, such as which newsletters you would like to receive.
We may also ask for information about your age, gender, hobbies, interests, preferences (such as your favorite foods, purchases or recipes) and the like, but you're free to register for most of our Services without providing this additional information.
When you register for one of our Services, the information you provide may be added to a centralized Meredith database so that you may be simultaneously registered for our other Services as well.
In addition, when you use various aspects of our Services, we may ask you for personally identifying information, including when you order magazines or other products, complete a survey, enter a contest, or report a problem with our Services.
We may also collect contact information for other individuals when you use the sharing and referral tools available within some of our Services to forward content or offers to your friends and associates.
We use this information to facilitate the communications that you request.
Please note that if you use any "send-to-a-friend" features of our Services, your email address may be included in the communication sent to your friend.
 Contests and Other Promotions.From time to time, we may offer contests, sweepstakes or other promotions.
Participation in these promotions may require registration for our Services (see "Registration and Other Personally Identifying Information," above).
We may also automatically enter our users in some promotions.
If you choose to participate in promotions that require registration, we will collect contact information such as your name, address, and email address and we may share this information with co-sponsors or other third parties involved in the promotion that we identify in the rules or entry materials.
We don't control these third parties' privacy practices, and our Privacy Policy does not apply to their collection and use of your information.
We may also share some of your entry information with third parties or the public in connection with the administration of the promotion, such as winner selection and prize fulfillment, and as permitted by the promotion's official rules, such as on a winners' list.
 Information Collected Automatically When You Use Our Services.Meredith or third-party contractors we engage may collect certain information automatically when you use our Services, including but not limited to:

Web pages, content and advertisements you view and links you click on while navigating within our Services;
Information about your interactions with our content, including video or audio content, such as the type of content accessed via our Services;
Information about your interactions with our email messages, such as the links you click on and whether you open or forward a message, the date and time of these interactions and the device you use to read emails;
The site you visited before visiting a Meredith website and the site you visited after visiting a Meredith website;
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address (a numerical address assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so that other computers connected to the Internet can communicate with you online) that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area;
Search terms you enter using our Services or on a referral site;
Unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers, that can identify the physical location of devices in accordance with applicable law;
Your device type, screen size, browser type, language and other settings, memory capacity, plug-ins, Internet domain, TCP configuration parameters, operating system, carrier code, time zone and the names, versions and package IDs of software installed on your device;
Standard server log information.
and
Information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies (see additional descriptions of these terms below).

 Personalization and Tracking Technologies.Like most website and mobile application operators, we, our service providers or other third parties acting on our behalf or with our permission, use embedded scripts, "cookies," web beacons, device identifiers and other tracking technologies to operate, analyze, improve and protect the security of our Services and tailor content and advertising to user interests.
Third-party companies that provide some of the tools and features accessible through our Services and advertisers and other companies involved in the delivery of advertisements you see on our Services and other websites also may use tracking technologies to collect information about your use of our Services.
 Cookies.Cookies are small amounts of data (often containing a unique identifier) that are stored in separate files within your computer or device’s Internet browser.
Cookies are accessed and recorded by the websites you visit, and by the companies that deliver the advertisements you see on our services, so they can recognize the same browser navigating online.
You can set your browser to accept or reject most cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is set.
(Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.) It is up to you to decide whether to allow us or third parties to set cookies, but if you block cookies, you may not be able to view or access some of the features of our Services.
Please be aware that certain browsers cannot block or delete so-called "Flash" cookies, which use a feature of the Adobe Flash video player to store information on your computer.
For information about how to delete Flash cookies, please visit the Adobe website here.
 Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technologies.Web beacons (sometimes called "transparent GIFs," "clear GIFs," or "pixel tags") are small strings of code that embed a small graphic image (usually invisible) on a web page or in an email or advertisement.
When your browser downloads a web beacon, the server that sends the corresponding image to your browser can recognize and store certain types of information such as cookies previously set, the time and date that you viewed the page embedded with the beacon and a description of that page.
 Mobile Device IDs and Location-Based Information.Certain mobile devices, including smart phones and tablet devices, contain unique device IDs that can be used to identify their physical location.
Some mobile device IDs are persistent, while others may be resettable by accessing the device’s privacy settings.
Mobile devices also typically transmit caller ID data (which may include a phone number) when used to transmit a telephone call or text message.
When you use mobile devices to access our Services, we may collect and transmit unique device IDs and collect caller ID data, as well as other information about your device, including without limitation, your wireless carrier, the make, model, operating system, capacity and settings of your device, the names, package IDs and versions of other software you have downloaded to your device and information about how you interact with and navigate within our Service.
With your consent, we or our authorized service providers and partners also may use precise geolocation technology such as GPS or Wi-Fi triangulation or mobile Bluetooth beacon technology to collect information about the exact location of your mobile device.
Precise location information may be collected both while you are using one of our mobile applications and continuously over time while our apps are not in use but are running in the background of your device.
This information may be used for the purposes described below in "How We Use The Information We Collect," including to tailor special offers and advertising to your interests, both in our Services, and in third-party marketing channels.
You can withdraw your consent to the further collection and use of your precise device location data through any of our mobile apps by accessing your device’s privacy settings as further explained below in "Opt-out Choices: Precise Device Location Tracking." For information about how to reset your advertising identifier and your other opt-out choices relating to interest-based advertising in mobile applications, see "Opt-out Choices: Mobile App Advertising and Tracking."
 Social Network Posting Tools and "Share" Features.You can access various social network posting and sharing tools through our Services that are operated by third parties, including a "share" button that allows you to post links to content and features that you believe will be of interest to others on your social network pages.
When you visit a page that includes one of these sharing tools, the third-party company that operates the tool may be collecting information about your browser, device and online activity through its own tracking technologies and subject to its own separate privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
 Nielsen Online Campaign Ratings Service.Some of our advertisers may participate in a program operated by the Nielsen Company to develop an Online Campaign Ratings service that is comparable to Nielsen's television ratings.
When one of their ads appears on our Services, it may contain a web beacon that will record your exposure to the ad, read certain cookies on your browser, and forward this information to one or more operators of third-party websites or other online service on which you may have registered.
If the third-party operator recognizes a cookie that identifies you as one of its registered users, it will append the impression data it receives, which may identify you as a user our Services, with age and gender information before returning the data to Nielsen.
Nielsen aggregates the data it receives about a given campaign to create ratings reports for advertisers and publishers.
According to Nielsen, these reports measure campaign performance on an aggregate level within various demographic categories and do not identify you personally.
For more information about Nielsen's information collection practices and any related opt-out choices, please see the Nielsen.com privacy policy here.
Return to top
 Information We May Obtain From Other Sources:We may combine any information collected through the Services with other information that we obtain about you, your computer, and/or device from other companies and sources, including third-party data suppliers and public databases.
The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources:

Name, postal address, email address and telephone number;
Demographic data, such as age, gender, and income level;
Your interests and purchase behavior;
Publicly-visible data, such as your posts and submissions to blogs, video-sharing services, and other interactive forums.
and
Other navigation data, such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on.

Return to top
 How We Use The Information We Collect:Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide you with a customized experience when using our Services and to make them more valuable to you.
Because our Services are supported by advertising, we also use the information we collect to help us and advertisers efficiently reach consumers who are most likely to be interested in particular products and services.
We only use payment and identity verification information as necessary to complete a particular transaction, provide a requested service, enforce legal rights or comply with applicable law.
In addition, we and our authorized service providers generally use other information that we or they collect about you to:

Customize the content you see when you use our Services and other services as you navigate online;
Analyze, operate and improve our Services, and fulfill your requests for products, services, and information, including to send you email and electronic newsletters;
Help recognize your browser as a previous visitor and save and remember any preferences that may have been set while your browser was visiting one of our Services;
Enable you to participate in features such as surveys, polls, sweepstakes, and message boards;
Attribute content that you post to forums we operate on our Services;
Recognize the same users as they access online or mobile services using multiple browsers or devices and deliver to them appropriate interest-based content and advertising;
Provide you with special offers, promotions and information from companies within our corporate family, and select third parties in accordance with applicable law;
Control the display of advertising and develop and deliver advertising tailored to your interests, including advertising that you see on our Services, advertising you see on third-party websites, mobile applications and email programs, and offers and advertising you may receive offline or as push-notifications, from us or others;
Measure and analyze visitor traffic and usage patterns and improve the quality and effectiveness of our content, features, advertisements, and other communications;
Conduct market or audience analysis and related reporting;
Understand whether our users read email messages and click on links contained within those messages;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, comply with applicable law and enforce our Terms of Service Agreement;
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.

Return to top
 How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-out Choices:Except as otherwise expressly noted herein or within the Services, we may share any information collected through our Services, including without limitation, your name, postal address (and any other information we combine with that information) with our Meredith-affiliated companies, our provider partners and service providers, and with carefully selected third-party organizations and marketers of products and services potentially of interest to you.
The following describes some of the circumstances in which we may share information about our users:
 Email.We share our users' email addresses with service providers that send email messages and deliver targeted advertising on our behalf.
These service providers may collect data about how you interact with those messages (including information about whether and when you opened a particular message or clicked on a link within a message and the device you used to do so) and analyze it in conjunction with similar information they collect when you respond to emails they send on behalf of their other clients who are not affiliated with us.
They use this email response information in combination with your email address to target and optimize the delivery of emails and email advertising they send on our behalf and for their other clients.
We may also provide our service providers with lists of our user email addresses in a hashed, encrypted or anonymized form that they use to recognize our users as they navigate online or use third-party email services and enable the delivery of interest-based advertising to those users.
We do not authorize our service providers to share your email address with their other clients.
If you use our Services to sign up for special email offers from third-party advertisers, we will also share your email address and any other information you provided with your request with the advertisers you selected.
Except as described in this policy, we will not sell or rent your email address to unaffiliated third parties for their email marketing purposes, without your consent.
 Co-Registration Offers.If, during or immediately following registration, you choose to access offers for goods or services that are available from selected third-party companies (“Co-Registration Vendors”), we may make certain contact and demographic information you provide (e.g., name, age, and/or email address) available to these vendors with your consent.
 Provider Partners and Service Providers.To make your experience with our Services more useful and enjoyable, we may offer some features (such as social sharing tools and chat rooms) in conjunction with third-party providers ("Provider Partners") that specialize in operating such services.
We share with each of these Provider Partners such information as is useful or necessary to provide you with the services we offer through that Provider Partner.
Some of our Provider Partners may collect information directly from you pursuant to their own separate privacy policies which may differ from ours.
For example, our affiliated company Meredith Performance Marketing, LLC operates the home contractor referral tools available through some of our sites and collects information through such features pursuant to its separate privacy policy available here.
We also contract with other companies to provide specialized services to us, including but not limited to credit-card and billing processing, shipping, marketing, advertising optimization and interest-based targeting, email and text message distribution, data processing, mobile and website analytics, user authentication, security and promotions management.
We reserve the right to share with these companies any information we collect about you and/or authorize them to collect information from you directly to support the services they provide to us.
For example, some of our Services integrate with Google’s reCAPTCHA widget to help us distinguish authentic human users from “bots” and protect our sites from spam and abuse.
Through cookies and other tracking technologies, Google collects information about user activity to provide us with this service and processes and stores such information pursuant to its privacy policy available here.
 Aggregated and Anonymous Information.We and our service providers may combine information about you with information that we or they collect about other users of our Services and share it in a form that does not identify you personally.
We and our service providers may also anonymize information by removing any information (such as your name) that makes the information personally identifying to you.
We may use aggregated information or other anonymous information and disclose it to third parties as we deem appropriate.
 Information You Post to Blogs, Discussion Forums and Community or Social Networking Areas.Keep in mind that any information that you choose to post to blogs, discussion forums, or other community or social networking services that we offer can be seen, collected and used by anyone who has access to the applicable service.
We cannot be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information.
 Legal Compliance, Business Transfers and Other Disclosures.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein or within our Services, we may occasionally release information about users of our Services when we deem such release appropriate to comply with law, respond to compulsory process or law enforcement requests, enforce our Terms of Service Agreement, or protect the rights, property or safety of users of our Services, the public, Meredith Corporation, our affiliates, or any third party.
Over time, we may reorganize or transfer various assets and lines of business.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein or on our Services, we reserve the right to disclose or transfer any information we collect to third parties in connection with any proposed or actual purchase, sale, lease, merger, foreclosure, liquidation, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal, transfer, conveyance or financing of all or any portion of Meredith or our affiliates.
Return to top
 Your Opt-Out Choices.Postal Mail.To remove your name and postal address from lists that we sell or rent to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, or to opt-out of receiving marketing offers for other Meredith magazines and products by mail, please use the opt-out form available here or send your request to us in a letter addressed to Meredith Corporation, Opt-Out Postal, Attn: Circulation, 1716 Locust Street, Des Moines, Iowa 50309.
Please note that if you choose to opt-out of Meredith’s promotional mailings, you may still receive renewal notices and related offers for any magazines to which you subscribe.Email.You can opt-out from any Meredith email newsletter or commercial email list and prevent the collection of related email response information by our email service providers by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message and/ or by visiting the Email Preferences page on our sites and updating your preferences.
If you no longer want to receive third-party email offers that you requested through our Services, simply follow the advertiser's unsubscribe link or opt-out instructions that should be included in every commercial message you receive.
If you wish to disable web beacons in our email messages, turn images “off” in your email client (e.g., Outlook or Outlook Express).
Please refer to the settings or options menu in your email client for more information.Interest-Based Advertising.Meredith follows the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral advertising released by the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") in July 2009.
To opt-out of our use of your website viewing data to serve interest-based advertising on third-party websites and email newsletters, visit the DAA’s Consumer Choice Page.
You can also click on the Ad Choices icon located in the footer of our websites and navigate to the consumer opt-out form.
Use the same links to opt-out of the delivery of interest-based advertising on our web sites from the operators of the third-party ad networks we use.
Note that you must opt-out separately from each computer or device and browser that you use to access our Services and if you clear your cookies, you will need to repeat the opt-out process.
Also note that the preferences you select on the DAA’s Consumer Choice Page do not apply to the collection of cross-app data from your mobile device.
The DAA offers a separate choice tool for the collection of cross-app data on a mobile device for interest-based advertising and other applicable uses.
To exercise choice for companies participating in this choice tool, you can install the DAA’s AppChoices app available here Please also review the "Mobile App Advertising and Tracking" section below for additional choices.
Most of the third-party advertising and data companies we work with, including DoubleClick and Google also subscribe to the DAA Principles and/or are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI").
To learn more about the information collection practices of NAI members and your related opt-out choices, please visit the NAI's website here.
You can opt out of interest-based advertising from Google by visiting the About Google Ads page or permanently opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by installing the DoubleClick opt out extension.
For information about Google Analytics’ information practices and related opt-out choices, click here.
Adobe and Krux are other third parties we engage to track and analyze usage and browsing patterns of our users.
For information about Adobe's information collection practices and related opt-out choices, click here.
For information about Krux’s information collection practices and related opt-out choices, click here.Mobile App Advertising and TrackingWe, our authorized service providers and/or other third-party partners involved in the delivery of advertising you receive through our mobile applications may collect information about your mobile device, including unique anonymous advertising identifiers and the names and IDs of apps you have installed, as well as information about how you use our mobile applications and other unaffiliated applications.
We and our partners use this information to enable interest-based advertising you receive through our Services and within third-party apps and other marketing channels.
Depending on your device and operating system, you may be able to reset your mobile device's advertising identifier to limit this data collection or prevent the collection of usage data across unaffiliated applications for interest-based advertising purposes by accessing the privacy settings on your mobile device.
Each operating system, iOS for Apple devices, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices, provides its own instructions.
Visit the privacy settings for your mobile device or contact your platform operator for more information.
For information about the mobile data collection practices of the service providers we use to support interest-based advertising in our AllRecipes mobile applications and your additional opt-out choices, click here and here To exercise choice over the companies participating in the DAA’s separate choice tool for the collection of cross-app data on a mobile device, download the DAA’s AppChoices app available herePrecise Device Location Tracking.If you authorized us and/or our service providers to collect and/or share information about the precise location of your device through a mobile application, you can always withdraw your consent and prevent the further collection and sharing of your precise device location information by accessing your device’s location privacy settings.
Each operating system, iOS for Apple devices, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices, provides its own instructions on how to turn off precise location sharing.
Access the privacy settings for your mobile device or contact your platform operator for more information.Do Not Track.We do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals.
Instead, we adhere to the standards set out in this privacy policy and offer the opt-out choices described above.
Return to top
 Sites to Which We Link:We also may provide links to other websites or services, and provide access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we don't control.
Return to top
 How to Correct or Update Your Information:Meredith Corporation provides you with the ability to access and edit certain personally identifying information that you have provided to us through our Services.
To update this information, please visit the "My Account" area or comparable feature of the Service you used to enter your information.
If you cannot locate such a feature, send us an email at privacy@meredith.com.
Return to top
 Security, Retention and Storage of Information:We use commercially reasonable procedures to protect the personally-identifying information that we collect.
No security system is impenetrable, however.
We cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
Please see our Terms of Service Agreement for more information related to posting materials on our Services including our use of such materials.
For the purposes set out in this Online Privacy Policy, personally-identifying information may be transferred to, processed, stored and accessed by us, our affiliates and our unaffiliated service providers in the United States and in other jurisdictions where we or they operate.
Courts and other authorities in these jurisdictions may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to access your personally-identifying information.
By using the Services, you consent to this transfer, processing, storage and access of your personally-identifying information in and/or outside of the jurisdiction in which you reside.
Return to top
 Your California Privacy Rights(As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83)
California residents have the right to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed certain types of personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year.
At our option, we may respond to such requests by providing instructions about how our users can exercise their options to prevent our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
You can read these instructions above in the section of our Online Privacy Policy titled "How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-out Choices." Or, if you are a California resident and prefer that we send you a separate response, please email your request to privacy@meredith.com
Return to top
 Changes to Our Privacy Policy:Digital technology is rapidly evolving.
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy in the future, we'll post the changes here and indicate at the top of the policy the last date on which it was updated.
Unless otherwise noted, all changes will be effective when posted.
Return to top
