 Amazon Device Support &nbsp;›&nbsp;Amazon Device Terms, Warranties, and Notices › Location Services FAQ 
 How do location services work on Fire tablets? When you enable location services, the approximate location of your device is determined based on information including: 


for all devices, the networks detected by your device (like Wi-Fi routers, their signal strengths, and the type of security they use).


for cellular enabled devices (like a 4G Fire tablet), the cellular networks detected by your device (like the signal strengths of cell towers).


for devices with a GPS feature, latitude and longitude, altitude, direction, and the accuracy of these readings.




Amazon and third-party apps and websites use location information to provide you location services.
We also may use and store this information to provide and improve our services, such as voice services, the Maps app, and Find Your Device, and to monitor the performance and accuracy of our location services.
Similarly, we use your location to process your mapping-related requests and improve the Maps experience.
All information we collect is subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice. How is my location data used by third-party apps? A wide range of apps and websites may access your location information, including, for instance, those that provide directions, weather information, or information on local attractions or restaurants.
These apps and websites may collect, use, and share your location data in different ways depending on the type of location services they provide.
Any location data and other information collected by a third-party app or website are subject to that app's or website's privacy policy and other terms, not the Amazon.com Privacy Notice.
You should carefully review the privacy policies and other terms for third-party apps and websites before installing or using them on your device to understand how they work and how each app or website provider will use your information (including whether they directly access or use Wi-Fi, GPS, or other features to gather information for other purposes). How can I tell which third-party apps have access to location services on my Fire tablet?
For apps downloaded from the Amazon Appstore, you can tell which apps have access to location services by checking whether the “permissions” listed on the app’s detail page in the Amazon Appstore includes access to location information.
A location icon will appear in the upper right corner of your device (near the battery life icon) when an app or website is accessing location information from your device.
 Can I turn off location services?
Yes, you can turn off location services at any time by going to the Settings menu of your device and disabling the feature.
For information about how to disable specific devices, click here.
If you disable location services, you may not be able to access or use certain apps or features on your device that require those services. What are Enhanced Location Services?
When enabled, Enhanced Location Services help us improve Maps and other services by allowing us to store location history and associate it with your Amazon account.
You may enable Enhanced Location Services by going to Settings &gt.
Location Services. Can I delete my location history collected by Enhanced Location Services?
Yes, you can choose to delete the location history collected by Enhanced Location Services from this device and currently associated with your Amazon account by visiting the Manage Your Content and Devices page on Amazon.com.
You also can contact customer service.
This process will not delete location information collected from your other devices and is limited to deletion of data collected through Enhanced Location Services.
 Was this information helpful?  Yes No  Thank you for your feedback.

 Please select what best describes the information: 

 This information is confusing or wrong 
 This isn't the information I was looking for 
 I don't like this policy Submit  Thanks! While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, we'll use this information to improve our online Help.


 Go   &lt;style type="text/css"&gt;&lt;!-- #navbar #nav-shop .nav-a:hover { color: #ff9900.
text-decoration: underline.
} #navbar #nav-search .nav-search-facade, #navbar #nav-tools .nav-icon, #navbar #nav-shop .nav-icon, #navbar #nav-subnav .nav-hasArrow .nav-arrow { display: none.
} #navbar #nav-search .nav-search-submit, #navbar #nav-search .nav-search-scope { display: block.
} #nav-search .nav-search-scope { padding: 0 5px.
} #navbar #nav-search .nav-search-dropdown { position: relative.
top: 5px.
height: 23px.
font-size: 14px.
opacity: 1.
filter: alpha(opacity = 100).
} --&gt;&lt;/style&gt.
Skip to main content From The Community 
 Try Prime All 
 Select the department you want to search in All Departments Alexa Skills Amazon Devices Amazon Warehouse Appliances Apps &amp.
Games Arts, Crafts &amp.
Sewing Automotive Parts &amp.
Accessories Baby Beauty &amp.
Personal Care Books CDs &amp.
Vinyl Cell Phones &amp.
Accessories Clothing, Shoes &amp.
Jewelry &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Women &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Men &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Girls &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Boys &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Baby Collectibles &amp.
Fine Art Computers Courses Credit and Payment Cards Digital Music Electronics Garden &amp.
Outdoor Gift Cards Grocery &amp.
Gourmet Food Handmade Health, Household &amp.
Baby Care Home &amp.
Business Services Home &amp.
Kitchen Industrial &amp.
Scientific Just for Prime Kindle Store Luggage &amp.
Travel Gear Luxury Beauty Magazine Subscriptions Movies &amp.
TV Musical Instruments Office Products Pet Supplies Prime Pantry Prime Video Software Sports &amp.
Outdoors Tools &amp.
Home Improvement Toys &amp.
Games Vehicles Video Games Go Search Deliver toAshburn 20149‌ EN &nbsp.
Hello, Sign in Account &amp.
Lists Sign in Account &amp.
Lists Orders Try Prime Cart 0 Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Whole Foods Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support Help &amp.
Customer Service Security &amp.
Privacy&nbsp;›&nbsp;Legal Policies› EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield  EU-US Privacy Shield Framework 
Amazon.com, Inc.
and certain of its controlled US affiliates (together, the Amazon Group Companies, or "We") participate in the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland, respectively.
We have certified with the Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield Principles, visit here.
If you have any inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal data under Privacy Shield, or about our privacy practices generally, please contact us at: privacyshield@amazon.com.
We will respond to your inquiry promptly.
If we are unable to satisfactorily resolve any complaint relating to the Privacy Shield, or if we fail to acknowledge your complaint in a timely fashion, you can submit your complaint to TRUSTe, which provides an independent third-party dispute resolution service based in the United States.
TRUSTe has committed to respond to complaints and to provide appropriate recourse at no cost to you.
To learn more about TRUSTe's dispute resolution services or to refer a complaint to TRUSTe, visit here.
If neither Amazon nor TRUSTe resolves your complaint, you may pursue binding arbitration through the Privacy Shield Panel.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield Panel, visit here.
As explained here and here we sometimes provide personal information to third parties to perform services on our behalf.
If we transfer personal information received under the Privacy Shield to a third party, the third party's access, use, and disclosure of the personal data must also be in compliance with our Privacy Shield obligations, and we will remain liable under the Privacy Shield for any failure to do so by the third party unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
You can review our Privacy Shield registration here.
The Amazon Group Companies are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
We may be required to disclose personal information that we handle under the Privacy Shield in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
 Was this information helpful?  Yes No  Thank you for your feedback.

 Please select what best describes the information: 

 This information is confusing or wrong 
 This isn't the information I was looking for 
 I don't like this policy Submit  Thanks! While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, we'll use this information to improve our online Help.


 Go 
 Go ‹ All Help Topics Legal Policies 
Conditions of Use
EU-US Privacy Shield
Amazon.com Privacy Notice
Amazon Group Companies
Supported Browsers
About Identifying Whether an E-mail is from Amazon


Report a Security Issue
Supply Chain Standards
Public PGP Key






Non-Exhaustive List of Applicable Amazon Patents and Applicable Licensed Patents
Non-Exhaustive List of Amazon Trademarks


Guidelines: Uploading Your Own Content to an electronic Amazon.com Gift Card or Other Electronic Message


California Supply Chain Transparency Act Statement
 Quick solutions Your Orders Track or cancel orders  Your Orders 
 Track or cancel orders  Returns &amp.
Refunds Exchange or return items  Returns &amp.
Refunds 
 Exchange or return items  Manage Prime Cancel or view benefits  Manage Prime 
 Cancel or view benefits  Payment Settings Add or edit payment methods  Payment Settings 
 Add or edit payment methods  Carrier Info Shipping carrier information  Carrier Info 
 Shipping carrier information  Account Settings Change email or password  Account Settings 
 Change email or password  Contact Us Back to top Get to Know Us
Careers
Blog
About Amazon
Press Center
Investor Relations
Amazon Devices
Make Money with Us
Sell on Amazon
Sell Under Private Brands
Sell on Amazon Handmade
Sell Your Services on Amazon
Sell on Amazon Business
Sell Your Apps on Amazon
Become an Affiliate
Advertise Your Products
Self-Publish with Us
›See all
Amazon Payment Products
Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards
Amazon.com Store Card
Amazon Business Card
Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line
Shop with Points
Credit Card Marketplace
Reload Your Balance
Amazon Currency Converter
Let Us Help You
Your Account
Your Orders
Shipping Rates &amp.
Policies
Amazon Prime
Returns &amp.
Replacements
Manage Your Content and Devices
Amazon Assistant
Help


 EnglishChoose a language for shopping.
United StatesChoose a country/region for shopping.

 Amazon Music Stream millions of songs Amazon Advertising Find, attract, and engage customers Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon 6pm Score deals on fashion brands AbeBooks Books, art &amp.
collectibles ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web &nbsp.
Amazon Business Everything For Your Business AmazonFresh Groceries &amp.
More Right To Your Door AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants &nbsp.
Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services Audible Download Audiobooks Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy DPReview Digital Photography &nbsp.
East Dane Designer Men's Fashion Fabric Sewing, Quilting &amp.
Knitting Goodreads Book reviews &amp.
recommendations IMDb Movies, TV &amp.
Celebrities IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need Junglee.com Shop Online in India Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy &nbsp.
Prime Now FREE 2-hour Delivery on Everyday Items Amazon Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime Prime Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands Amazon Warehouse Great Deals on Quality Used Products Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans &nbsp.
Zappos Shoes &amp; Clothing Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East Subscribe with Amazon Discover &amp.
try subscription services PillPack Pharmacy Simplified Amazon Renewed Refurbished products with a warranty Amazon Second Chance Pass it on, trade it in, give it a second life &nbsp.

Conditions of Use
Privacy Notice
Interest-Based Ads
© 1996-2019, Amazon.com, Inc.
or its affiliates

There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.
&gt.
Get started v &lt;img src='/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_left_v4_sib/uedata/nvp/unsticky/147-3117066-9781808/GPHelp/ntpoffrw?noscript&amp;amp;id=9Q9B41Z2FPK0Z6D4F3BZ&amp;amp;pty=GPHelp&amp;amp;spty=Help&amp;amp;pti=202135380' /&gt.
&lt;img src='//fls-na.amazon.com/1/batch/1/OP/ATVPDKIKX0DER:147-3117066-9781808:9Q9B41Z2FPK0Z6D4F3BZ$uedata=s:%2Fgp%2Fhelp%2Fcustomer%2Fdisplay.html%2Fref%3Dhp_left_v4_sib%2Fuedata%2Fnvp%2Funsticky%2F147-3117066-9781808%2FGPHelp%2Fntpoffrw%3Fnoscript%26id%3D9Q9B41Z2FPK0Z6D4F3BZ%26pty%3DGPHelp%26spty%3DHelp%26pti%3D202135380:2000' /&gt.
  Amazon Device Support  › Amazon Device Terms, Warranties, and Notices › Backup and Restore FAQ What is Backup and Restore? Backup and Restore is a feature that, once enabled, backs up your Fire tablet settings, email and wireless configurations, bookmarks, search history and more to the Cloud.
Backup and Restore runs when your Fire tablet is idle and connected to Wi-Fi, so please connect your Fire tablet to Wi-Fi on a regular basis.
Backup data can be used to quickly set up a new device or to restore your existing device after a reset.
We'll expand this feature over time so that additional items are backed up. How is my backup data stored? Backup data is encrypted and stored in the Cloud.
Backup data can be used to help you easily set up a new device or restore data to your existing device after a reset.
We seek to make your backup data available for at least a year from the last time you used your device. Can I turn off Backup and Restore and delete my backup data?
Yes.
You can disable Backup and Restore for any Amazon account registered on your device by going to Settings &gt.
Device Options &gt.
Backup &amp.
Restore and tapping "OFF".
Once disabled, backup data currently associated with your device and Amazon account will be deleted.
This process will not delete backup data from other devices you may have or for other accounts on your device. Is Backup and Restore the same thing as Amazon Cloud Drive?
No.
Amazon Cloud Drive stores your photos, personal videos, and files, while Backup and Restore stores information about your Amazon account and Fire tablet, such as settings, email and wireless configurations, bookmarks and search history.
For more information on Amazon Cloud Drive, go to Amazon Cloud Drive.
 Was this information helpful?  Yes No  Thank you for your feedback.

 Please select what best describes the information: 

 This information is confusing or wrong 
 This isn't the information I was looking for 
 I don't like this policy Submit  Thanks! While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, we'll use this information to improve our online Help.


 Go 
  Firefly FAQ 
 How do I launch Firefly?

If you have a Fire tablet that supports Firefly, you can launch Firefly by swiping down from the top of the screen and then tapping the Firefly icon in the Quick Settings menu, by tapping the Firefly icon in the carousel, or by tapping Apps, then the Firefly icon.
Then, just point your camera at items you want Firefly to recognize, and Firefly will process the images and audio in the Cloud and return results on the items to allow you to take action, including buying the item or sharing it on social media.
You can also use the music and video icons at the top of the screen to identify music or movies and TV shows that are playing nearby.
Firefly will automatically pause after a period of inactivity.
simply touch the display to restart Firefly.


How do I delete an item from my on-device Firefly history?

Swipe up from within the Firefly app to see your history.
Then select an item and tap "Delete from history".
This will delete the item from your device.

How do I prevent my Firefly history from showing in my carousel?

Touch and hold the Firefly icon in the carousel and then click the "Remove from Carousel" message that appears.

What happens to my Firefly images and audio? 

We process and retain Firefly images and audio in the Cloud to provide and improve our services.
You can delete Firefly images and audio stored in the Cloud that are currently associated with your Amazon account by visiting the Manage Your Content and Devices page on Amazon.com.
You also can contact customer service.

Can I delete my Firefly images and audio that are retained in the Cloud? 

Yes, you can delete Firefly images and audio stored in the Cloud that are currently associated with your Amazon account by visiting the Manage Your Content and Devices page on Amazon.com.
You also can contact customer service.
This process will not delete items from your on-device Firefly history.
To delete items from your on-device history, swipe up from within the Firefly app to see your history, select an item, and then tap "Delete from history".


Does Backup and Restore backup my Firefly history?

If you have enabled Backup and Restore on your Fire tablet, it will automatically backup your on-device Firefly history.
If you have a Fire tablet that supports Firefly, you can choose to delete the backup of your Firefly history by disabling Backup and Restore in Settings on your Fire tablet.
By doing so, you will also delete other data backed up by Backup and Restore.

Do third party apps have access to Firefly?

Yes, certain third party apps can access items you identify with Firefly and provide you additional information about the items.
In addition, you can choose to send images to certain third party apps for identification of items in the image.
To determine which apps have access to Firefly, check the "Key Details" section of the app detail page.
Also, in the left panel of your Fire tablet, you can view a list of installed apps that have access to Firefly and, if you wish, disable access to Firefly for individual apps.
You also may share items in your Firefly history with social media and other apps by tapping "Share this item" within your Firefly history.

Can I scan items or barcodes using Echo Show's camera to order products on Amazon.com?

Yes, try “Alexa, scan this” when holding an item or barcode in front of the Echo Show’s camera.
Once the scanned images are processed in the Cloud, Alexa will return search results from Amazon.com on the scanned item or barcode.
We may retain scanned images in the Cloud to improve our services.
You can delete scanned images stored in the Cloud that are associated with your Amazon account by visiting the Manage Your Content and Devices page at www.amazon.com/mycd. 
  Amazon Maps Terms of Use 
 Last Updated: January 29, 2016

This is an agreement between you and Amazon Digital Services LLC (with its affiliates, "Amazon", "we" or "us") regarding the Amazon maps service, data and associated software (collectively, the "Service").
Before using the Service, please read these Terms of Use, all rules and policies related to the Service (including any specific rules, usage restrictions and other conditions or procedures that we post or update on or through the Service or on Amazon.com), the Amazon.com Privacy Notice and the Amazon.com Conditions of Use (collectively, the "Agreement").
If you use the Service, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions of the Agreement.


1.
The Maps Service

The Service provides access to maps, route and traffic information, satellite and street imagery, business listings, reviews, and other related information (collectively, "Map Data").
The Service may provide Map Data from multiple sources, including other users and is intended for planning purposes only.
Local weather conditions, construction projects, detours, closures, the passage of time, incomplete or incorrect Map Data, or other circumstances may cause actual travel conditions, routes, and locations to differ from the Map Data.
You should always remain aware of your surroundings and exercise good judgment when using the Service.
Use of the Service requires a Wi-Fi or cellular data connection.
We may offer the Service only in certain jurisdictions.
If we impose technical measures to restrict usage of the Service (or portions thereof), you may not interfere, circumvent or attempt to interfere or circumvent such technical measures.

2.
Use of the Maps Service


2.1 Maps Service Software. The Service includes Map Data and software for your use in connection with the Service (the "Software").
Terms contained in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use apply to your use of the Software.

2.2 Third Party Terms of Use. Some parts of the Service are provided by third party licensors.
For additional terms that apply to third party Software included within the Service, please see Amazon Maps: Other Terms and Notices.
For additional terms that apply to the portions of the Services provided by our licensor, Nokia, Inc.
("Nokia"), please see http://here.com/services/terms.
Nokia has the right to enforce these terms against you as a third party beneficiary of this Agreement.

2.3 Restrictions. You may use the Service only for personal, non-commercial use.
You may not copy, modify, or create derivative works of any Map Data or Software otherwise use the Map Data or Software in any way outside of the Service.
Except where you have been specifically licensed by Amazon, you may not use the Service (a) with any products, systems, or applications capable of vehicle navigation, positioning, dispatch, real time route guidance, fleet management or similar applications.
or (b) with or in communication with any positioning devices or any mobile or wireless-connected electronic or computer devices.

3.
Location and Other Information Provided to Amazon. The Service may provide Amazon with information such as queries, problem reports, usage logs, your device type, network connectivity, real-time geographic location of your device, content used through the Service, or occurrences of technical errors and other information regarding your use of the Service and the device on which you use the Service.
Any information we receive is subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice.

4.
General 


4.1 Changes.
Amendments. We may change, suspend or discontinue the Service, or any part of it, at any time without notice.
We may amend the Agreement at our sole discretion by posting the revised terms.
Your continued use of the Service after any amendment evidences your agreement to be bound by it.

4.2 Suspension and Termination. Your rights under the Agreement will automatically terminate without notice if you fail to comply with the terms of the Agreement.
Amazon's failure to enforce your strict compliance with the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any of our rights.
We may terminate the Agreement or restrict, suspend or terminate your use of the Service at our discretion at any time without notice.

4.3 Disputes/Binding Arbitration.
Any dispute or claim arising from or relating to the Agreement or the Service is subject to the binding arbitration, governing law, disclaimer of warranties, limitation of liability and all other terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use.


4.4 Limitations of Liability. Without limiting the disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use, in no event will our or our licensors' total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) arising out of or related to your use or inability to use the Service exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00).
These limitations will apply to you even if the remedies fail of their essential purpose.

4.5 Contact Information. For communications concerning the Agreement, please write to Amazon.com, Attn: Legal Department, P.O.
Box 81226, Seattle, WA 98108-1226. 
  Amazon Coins Terms  Last updated: June 15, 2017



Amazon Coins Terms and Conditions


Earn Coins Promotion Terms

 Amazon Coins Terms and Conditions This is an agreement between you and ACI Gift Cards LLC (with its affiliates, "Amazon" or "we") regarding the Amazon Coins program (the "Program").
Before purchasing or redeeming any Amazon Coins or otherwise using the Program, please read these Terms and Conditions, all rules and policies related to the Program (including any rules or provisions on any product detail page or any help or informational page relating to the Program), the Amazon.com Privacy Notice at http://www.amazon.com/privacy, and the Amazon.com Conditions of Use at http://www.amazon.com/conditionsofuse (collectively, the "Agreement").
If you receive, purchase, or redeem any Amazon Coins or otherwise use the Program, you will be bound by the Agreement.

1.
Amazon Coins

 The Program allows customers to receive and purchase Amazon Coins ("Coins") and to redeem those Coins for the purchase of eligible digital products we sell through the Amazon Appstore for Android (the "Amazon Appstore").
The Program includes two types of Coins: Coins you purchase from us or receive as a gift from another customer ("Purchased Coins") and Coins we give you for promotional purposes ("Promotional Coins").
Each Coin is worth $0.01 when making purchases through the Amazon Appstore.

2.
Use of Coins


2.1 Redeeming Coins.
Coins may be redeemed only for the purchase of eligible products through the Amazon Appstore.
Eligible products may change over time.
Not all apps and in-app products can be purchased using Coins, and not all devices support the use of Coins.
When a purchase can be made with Coins, you will see an option to pay with Coins during the purchase process.
To make a purchase with Coins, you must pay the entire purchase price for the applicable product, plus any applicable taxes, with Coins.

2.2 Purchased Coins.
Purchases of Coins will be charged to the 1-Click payment method associated with your Amazon account.
All purchases of Coins are final.
We do not accept returns of Purchased Coins except where required by law.
If you believe any Purchased Coins were not properly credited to your account, please contact Amazon customer service for assistance.
If we offer discounts on the purchase of Coins, we may modify or discontinue those discounts at any time without notice to you.

2.3 Gifting Coins.
We may allow you to give Purchased Coins as gifts to other customers.
To gift Coins, you must designate the Coins as a gift prior to purchase.
You may not gift Purchased Coins that have already been applied to your account or Promotional Coins.
If you purchase Coins as a gift and you specify a future date for delivery of the Coins, we will charge your account at the time of purchase but you can obtain a full refund if you cancel the order prior to the scheduled delivery date.

2.4 Promotional Coins.
All Coins that you do not pay for (other than Coins you receive as a gift from another customer) are Promotional Coins.
This includes any Coins we give you in connection with your purchase of apps or other products, your use of other Amazon services, or any other promotional activity.

2.5 Expiration Dates.
Application of Coins.
Purchased Coins do not expire.
Promotional Coins expire one year after the later of the date we give them to you or the date you last purchased or redeemed Coins.
When you make a purchase with Coins, any Promotional Coins you have will be applied first, followed by your Purchased Coins.

2.6 Restrictions.
Coins cannot be resold, transferred for value or redeemed for cash, except to the extent required by law.
Coins in one Amazon account may not be transferred to another Amazon account.
We may limit the number of Coins you can purchase or receive within certain periods of time, or implement other restrictions on the receipt or use of Coins.
If we give you Promotional Coins in connection with your purchase of a product and you later return or receive a refund for that product, we may revoke those Promotional Coins.
If you have already used those Coins, we may deduct the same number of other Promotional Coins or Purchased Coins from your account or charge your credit card or other payment instrument for any products you purchased using those Coins.

3.
Software.
We may make available to you software for your use in connection with the Program.
Terms contained in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use apply to your use of that software.

4.
Limited to U.S. The Program is currently only available to customers located in the United States.
You may not purchase, receive, or redeem Coins if you are outside the United States.
"United States" refers to the 48 contiguous states, the District of Columbia, Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S.
Virgin Islands.

5.
General 


5.1 Changes.
We may change, suspend or discontinue the Program, or any part of it, at any time without notice.

5.2 Termination.
Fraud.
Your rights under the Agreement and to use the Program will automatically terminate without notice if you fail to comply with any of the terms of this Agreement.
We may also terminate your right to use the Program at any time, including if we determine your use violates any term of the Agreement or involves any fraud or misuse of the Program.
In case of such termination, you must cease all use of the Program, and we may immediately revoke your access to the Program without notice to you.
If we determine you fraudulently obtain Coins or use any fraudulently-obtained Coins, we may revoke those Coins and charge your credit card or other payment instrument for any products purchased using those Coins.
Our failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any of our rights.

5.3 Amendments.
We may amend the Agreement at our sole discretion by posting the revised terms on Amazon.com.
Your continued use of the Program after any amendment evidences your agreement to be bound by it.

5.4 Contact Information.
For communications concerning this Agreement, please write to Amazon, Attn: Legal Department, P.O.
Box 81226, Seattle, WA, 98108-1226.

5.5 Disputes/Binding Arbitration.
Any dispute or claim arising from or relating to the Agreement or the Program is subject to the binding arbitration, governing law, disclaimer of warranties and all other terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use at http://www.amazon.com/conditionsofuse.
You accept and agree to those terms by entering into the Agreement or using the Program.


5.6 Limitation of Liability.
Without limiting the disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use, in no event will our total liability to you for all damages arising out of or related to the Program exceed the amount you paid for any Purchased Coins that you have not redeemed.
This limitation will apply to you even if the remedies fail of their essential purpose.
We are not responsible for any Coins used through your account without your permission. Earn Coins Promotion Terms 1.
Promotion is valid for a limited time only and applies only to products that display an "Earn Coins" offer message on their product detail page at the time of purchase.
2.
Promotion is available only to U.S.
customers.
3.
Promotional Coins expire one year after the later of the date we give them to you or the date you last purchased or redeemed Coins.

4.
If you return or receive a refund for the product subject to the promotion, we may revoke the Coins we gave you (or, if you have already spent those Coins, deduct the same number of other Coins from your account or charge your credit card or other payment instrument for any products you purchased using those Coins).
5.
Amazon Coins can only be used to purchase eligible products through the Amazon Appstore.
Coins are not transferable and cannot be redeemed for cash.
6.
Your use of Amazon Coins is subject to the Amazon Coins Terms and Conditions and the Amazon Appstore for Android Terms of Use.

7.
Limit one per customer per app, in-app item or other product subject to the promotion, other than for in-app items designed to be purchased multiple times (such as in-game currencies or extra lives).
8.
This promotion is void where prohibited by law.
9.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate or modify this promotion at any time without notice. 
  Digital Services &amp.
Content › Amazon Appstore› Amazon GameCircle Terms of Use 



Last updated: January 25, 2016



These Terms of Use are part of an agreement between you and Amazon Digital Services LLC (together with its affiliates, “Amazon” or “we”) regarding use of Amazon GameCircle and associated software and services (“GameCircle”).
Before you use GameCircle, please read these Terms of Use, the Amazon.com Privacy Notice at http://www.amazon.com/privacy, the Amazon.com Conditions of Use at http://www.amazon.com/conditionsofuse, and all rules and policies related to the Amazon GameCircle (including, but not limited to, any rules or usage provisions specified on any help or other informational page for GameCircle) (collectively, the “Agreement”).



IF YOU USE GAMECIRCLE, YOU WILL BE BOUND BY THE AGREEMENT.



1.
Amazon GameCircle

GameCircle provides game-related features, such as Whispersync for Games, achievements, leaderboards, and friends, for certain software games, applications and other digital products (“Apps”).
An App may offer all, some or none of the features of GameCircle.


2.
Using GameCircle



2.1 Signing Into GameCircle. When using an Amazon device, you will be automatically signed in to GameCircle under the Amazon account used to register the device.
When playing an App that offers GameCircle (a “GameCircle Enabled App”) on non-Amazon devices, you will be given the option to sign in to GameCircle using your Amazon account.
Once you sign in to GameCircle in one GameCircle Enabled App on a non-Amazon device, you may be automatically signed in to GameCircle for all future GameCircle Enabled Apps you play on that device.
GameCircle cloud-based features such as Whispersync for Games and sharing with your friends are only available if you are signed into GameCircle.


2.2 Your GameCircle Nickname. If you are signed into GameCircle, we will assign a default nickname for you.
You may change that nickname at any time.
Your nickname will be public, unless you choose to use GameCircle in “hidden” mode.
You may not select a nickname that is the real name of, or otherwise impersonates, another person, or is illegal, obscene, offensive, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable.


2.3 Leaderboards and Achievements.
GameCircle and GameCircle Enabled Apps may include leaderboard and achievement features that allow you and others to track your scores and achievements (for instance, what levels you’ve completed in a game) and compare those scores and achievements with those of others.
If you are signed into GameCircle, your scores and achievements for GameCircle Enabled Apps may be displayed on public leaderboards and shared with App publishers and will be displayed with your nickname unless you’ve chosen to use GameCircle in “hidden” mode.


2.4 Whispersync for Games.
GameCircle includes Whispersync for Games, which stores your game play information for GameCircle Enabled Apps in the Amazon cloud and syncs that information to other devices on which you are signed in to GameCircle.
This allows you to keep your game play synchronized across multiple devices and to retain your game progress if you install a GameCircle Enabled App on a new device.
The publisher of an App determines whether to enable Whispersync for Games for that App and what game play information is stored and synced.
We are not liable if your game play information is not stored or available through Whispersync for Games for any reason.


2.5 Friends.
GameCircle includes a friends feature which allows you to become “friends” with other GameCircle users.
Your friends will be able to see information about you, including the games you own, your scores and achievements, when you play games, and other game play information.


3.
Use of GameCircle and GameCircle Software



3.1 GameCircle Software. We may make available software, either on a standalone basis or incorporated in an App or other software, that you need to install on your device in order to use GameCircle on that device (“GameCircle Software”).
Terms contained in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use at http://www.amazon.com/conditionsofuse apply to your use of the GameCircle Software.


3.2 Information Provided to Amazon. The GameCircle Software and GameCircle Enabled Apps may provide Amazon with information regarding your use of GameCircle and GameCircle Enabled Apps, as well as information about the device on which you use GameCircle and GameCircle Enabled Apps.
For example, the GameCircle Software and GameCircle Enabled Apps may provide Amazon with your nickname, scores, achievements, friend information, game play information, how often and for how long you play GameCircle Enabled Apps, information about the device type, network connectivity, and location of the device running a GameCircle Enabled App, and information on why GameCircle may not be working.
Any information we receive is subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice located at www.amazon.com/privacy.


4.
General



4.1 Changes.
We may modify, suspend or discontinue GameCircle, in whole or in part, at any time without notice.


4.2 Termination.
Amendments. Your rights under the Agreement will automatically terminate without notice if you fail to comply with any of its terms.
We may also terminate your right to use GameCircle at any time.
In case of such termination, you must cease all use of GameCircle, and we may immediately revoke your access to GameCircle without notice to you.
Our failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any of our rights.
We may amend the Agreement at our sole discretion by posting the revised terms on Amazon.com.
Your continued use of GameCircle after any amendment evidences your agreement to be bound by it.


4.3 Contact Information.
For communications concerning the Agreement, please write to Amazon, Attn: Legal Department, P.O.
Box 81226, Seattle, WA 98108-1226.


4.4 Disputes/Binding Arbitration.
Any dispute or claim arising from or related to the Agreement or GameCircle is subject to the binding arbitration, governing law, disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability and all other terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use at http://www.amazon.com/conditionsofuse.
You agree to those terms by entering into the Agreement or using GameCircle.



4.5 Limitation of Liability. Without limiting the disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use, in no event will our or our licensors' total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) arising out of or related to your use or inability to use GameCircle or GameCircle Software exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00).
These limitations will apply to you even if the remedies fail of their essential purpose.
 Was this information helpful?  Yes No  Thank you for your feedback.

 Please select what best describes the information: 

 This information is confusing or wrong 
 This isn't the information I was looking for 
 I don't like this policy Submit  Thanks! While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, we'll use this information to improve our online Help.


 Go 
  Amazon Silk Terms &amp.
Conditions 
Last updated: December 13, 2017 

Please read these Terms &amp.
Conditions, Amazon.com Privacy Notice, and the Amazon.com Conditions of Use (collectively, the "Agreement") before using the Amazon Silk browser software and related services (collectively, "Amazon Silk").
By choosing a browser operating mode and installing, using, or accessing Amazon Silk, you accept and agree to be bound by this Agreement.
If you don't want to be bound by the Agreement, exit the browser and do not install, use, or access Amazon Silk.






Privacy Information: Personally identifiable information collected through Amazon Silk is subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice, which is incorporated and made a part of this Agreement.
Amazon Silk optimizes and accelerates the delivery of web content by using Amazon's cloud computing services.
Therefore, like most Internet service providers and similar services that enable you to access the Web, the content of web pages you visit using Amazon Silk passes through our servers and may be cached to improve performance on subsequent page loads.

Amazon Silk routes secure (SSL) web page requests directly from your computer to origin servers so they do not pass through Amazon servers.
Amazon Silk also temporarily logs web addresses -- known as uniform resource locators ("URLs") -- for the web pages it serves.
We do not associate these URLs with your identity, and we generally do not keep this information for longer than 30 days.

You can also choose to operate Amazon Silk with Cloud Features turned off.
Disabling Cloud Features allows web pages generally to go directly to your computer rather than pass through our servers.
Amazon Silk with Cloud Features turned off still delivers a fast browsing experience, but does not take advantage of Amazon's cloud computing services to speed up web content delivery.

If you use Amazon Silk on an Amazon device, your device may send crash reports to Amazon.
These reports may contain identifiers such as IP or MAC addresses.
We may use these crash reports to help us troubleshoot the browser and improve its performance.

All text you enter in Amazon Silk's address bar is sent to a default search engine.
The initial default search engine is selected by Amazon Silk, and we may change the default search engine in the future without notice to you.
If you would like, you may choose to use a different search provider as your default search engine.
The privacy policy of the selected default search engine applies to information sent to it.



Amazon Silk Updates and Upgrades: Amazon Silk is offered by Amazon Web Services, Inc ("Amazon").
The terms of the Agreement govern the Amazon Silk browser software and any updates or upgrades to the Amazon Silk browser software that Amazon may provide that replace and/or supplement the original browser, unless such update or upgrade is accompanied by a separate license, in which case the terms of that license will govern.
(Collectively, the original software and any updates or upgrades shall be referred to as the "Software.") This Agreement also covers services related to the Software.


License and Restrictions: The license and restrictions governing your use of Amazon Silk, including the Software, are described in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use.


Changes: Amazon may change, suspend, or discontinue Amazon Silk, or any part of Amazon Silk without notice or liability.
If Amazon elects to provide customer support of any kind, it may terminate that support at any time without notice to you.


Termination:You may terminate the Agreement at any time by uninstalling the Software or ceasing your use of Amazon Silk.
In addition, your rights under the Agreement will automatically terminate without notice from Amazon if you fail to comply with any term of the Agreement or if Amazon discontinues Amazon Silk.
In case of any termination, you must cease all use of Amazon Silk, including the Software.
Amazon may also terminate your right to use Amazon Silk at any time, and in such event may modify it to make it inoperable.



Disclaimer of Warranties: WITHOUT LIMITING THE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IN THE AMAZON.COM CONDITIONS OF USE, AMAZON AND ITS AFFILIATES AND LICENSORS DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT: (A) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR FREE FROM ERROR, OR (B) ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE.


Miscellaneous Provisions: Amazon reserves the right to make changes to the Agreement at any time by posting the revised terms on the Amazon.com website.
Your continued use of the Software following any such changes will constitute your acceptance of those changes.
Amazon's failure to enforce your strict compliance with the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any of its rights.



 
  Amazon Appstore for Android Terms of Use 
Last updated: January 18, 2016


These Terms of Use are part of an agreement between you and Amazon Digital Services LLC (together with its affiliates, "Amazon" or "we") regarding use of the Amazon Appstore for Android and associated software, services and purchases ("Amazon Appstore").
Before you use the Amazon Appstore or download any Apps made available through it, please read these Terms of Use, the Amazon.com Privacy Notice at https://www.amazon.com/privacy, the Amazon.com Conditions of Use at https://www.amazon.com/conditionsofuse, and all rules and policies related to the Amazon Appstore (including, but not limited to, any rules or usage provisions specified on any product detail page or on any help or other informational page for the Amazon Appstore) (collectively, the "Agreement").


IF YOU USE THE AMAZON APPSTORE, YOU WILL BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT.


1.
The Amazon Appstore

In the Amazon Appstore, you can access, browse, purchase and download software games, applications and other digital products ("Apps").
Apps include any content, ads, services, technology, data, in-app products (including Amazon-Sold In-App Products, as defined in Section 2.3) and other digital materials included in or made available through an App you download or use via the Amazon Appstore (including after you download it).
Apps also include any updates, upgrades and other changes and versions that you later use or download from us.
The party that provides an App for distribution is the "Publisher" of the App.
Most Apps are provided and licensed to you by third-party Publishers.
We may make some Apps available via the Amazon Appstore at no charge and others for a price, as further described on our App detail pages.
From time to time, we may offer sales, give-aways and other promotions in the Amazon Appstore.
We may modify or discontinue any of these promotions at any time without notice to you.

2.
Using and Downloading Apps


2.1 General.

After you order an App and pay any corresponding price to us, you may download a copy of the App for your personal use to a device on which you have installed and signed in to our Appstore Software (as defined in Section 3.1).
Apps can be used only on devices that use the Android platform and meet certain other technical requirements.
Generally, App device requirements are described on or through our App detail pages.


2.2 Trial Access to Apps.

We may offer free trial and other limited versions of Apps so you can preview Apps before you purchase the full version.
These versions may have limited features, may restrict permitted time of use and may contain other limitations.

2.3 In-App Products.
Subscriptions.

We may offer digital products for sale that are intended to be accessed or used within an App, such as additional or enhanced functionality, media content, or subscription access to content or services ("Amazon-Sold In-App Products").
Not all products and services available for purchase within an App are Amazon-Sold In-App Products.
You will be able to identify Amazon-Sold In-App Products because you will see our logo when making the purchase and will complete the purchase using your Amazon Appstore payment method.
Amazon-Sold In-App Products are subject to any use, access and other restrictions described on, or linked from, the Amazon-Sold In-App Product detail page or otherwise provided in this Agreement.
If you purchase an Amazon-Sold In-App Product that is a subscription or start a free trial for such a subscription, your subscription will automatically continue at the regular subscription price using a payment method we have on record for you.
You must use a credit card to pay for a subscription.
Please do not sign up for a subscription with a debit card.
We may terminate a subscription at any time, for example, if the applicable Amazon-Sold In-App Product is no longer available.
If we terminate a subscription before the end of its term, you will receive a prorated refund.
We reserve the right to change subscription terms and prices from time to time, effective as of the beginning of the next subscription term.
Other than for purchases of Amazon-Sold In-App Products, we are not a party to, and have no responsibility for, any payment or purchase transactions you make through an App (unless we expressly state otherwise in writing, such as in connection with purchases made through our Amazon Shopping App).


2.4 All Sales Final.

All purchases of Apps and Amazon-Sold In-App Products are final.
We do not accept returns of Apps or Amazon-Sold In-App Products.
Once you have purchased an App or Amazon-Sold In-App Product, we encourage you to download (if applicable) and access it promptly to be sure you have received it.
If you are unable to complete a download or access an App or Amazon-Sold In-App Product, please contact Amazon customer service for assistance.
Once you purchase an App or Amazon-Sold In-App Product and we make it available to you, you bear responsibility for completing the download (if applicable) and for all risk of loss after downloading or accessing the App or Amazon-Sold In-App Product, including any loss due to a device malfunction.


2.5 Downloading and Availability of Apps after Purchase.

Once you have paid for an App, you may download copies of the App for your personal use to compatible Android devices.
Each time you download an App to a particular device, you will first be required to download and install the Appstore Software, if it is not already available on the device, and to sign in to the Appstore Software using the user name and password for the Amazon.com customer account that you used to buy the App.
We will usually continue making Apps you have purchased available to you in our Amazon Appstore so that you can download additional copies under the terms of this Agreement, but that is not always the case, and we may limit or disable further downloads of an App due to licensing restrictions or for other reasons.
Certain Apps rely on cloud-based services provided by the Publisher for some or all of their functionality.
These Apps may not function properly or may become inoperable if the Publisher discontinues those services.

2.6 Updates to Apps.

The Publisher of an App may provide us with updates to that App from time to time.
We may automatically install updates to your Apps, or prompt you to install the updates, depending on how your Amazon.com account and Appstore Software settings are configured.


2.7 Ratings.

We may provide age and content ratings for Apps that are based on information provided to us by the Publisher or other third parties.
While we require Publishers to provide accurate information regarding the content of their Apps, we cannot ensure that App ratings are accurate or that Apps do not include content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable.


3.
Use of and Restrictions on Apps and Appstore Software


3.1 Appstore Software.

We may make available to you software that you need to install on your device in order to download Apps purchased from the Amazon Appstore to that device and to access or use Apps on that device (the "Appstore Software").
Terms contained in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use apply to your use of the Appstore Software.
For additional terms that apply to certain third party software, click here.
The Appstore Software may allow you to access or use the Amazon Appstore from a device, and purchases of Apps or Amazon-Sold In-App Products that you make via the Appstore Software will be charged to the payment method associated with the Amazon.com account you used to sign in to the Appstore Software.
Publishers may choose to protect their Apps using a digital rights management ("DRM") system implemented through the Appstore Software.
Appstore Software includes any software we include in an App to enable the DRM or for other purposes.
If you uninstall the Appstore Software from your device or sign out of your Amazon.com account in the Appstore Software, you will not be able to access or use any Apps on your device that Publishers have protected with DRM.
You may not attempt to disable, bypass, modify, defeat, or otherwise circumvent the DRM or any other security or content protection system used in connection with the Amazon Appstore.


3.2 Information Provided to Amazon.

Amazon respects your privacy, and the Appstore Software will not access files or other information on any device where your Apps are located that are not used by or otherwise related to the Appstore Software or performance of the Apps.
The Appstore Software and Apps will provide Amazon with information relating to the download, use and performance of the Appstore Software and your Apps, as well as information regarding the devices on which you download and use the Appstore Software or Apps.
For example, the Appstore Software and Apps may provide Amazon with information about the device type, network connectivity, location of the device running an App, information about when an App is launched, individual session lengths for Apps, or why an App may not be working.
Any information we receive is subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice located at www.amazon.com/privacy.


3.3 Separate Licenses to Use Apps.

Your use of an App will be governed by the terms and conditions of an end user license agreement between you and the Publisher of the App (a "EULA").
The EULA for an App includes the terms set forth below (the "Standard EULA") and any additional end user license terms included in the App (the "Publisher EULA").
If there is a conflict between the Standard EULA and the Publisher EULA, the Standard EULA will control.
The Publisher has the right to enforce the EULA against you.
If you do not want to comply with the EULA for an App, you must not use that App.
Amazon is not a party to the EULA for any App (unless Amazon is the Publisher of that App).
As used in this Section 3.3, the term "App" does not include any Appstore Software included within an App (your use of Appstore Software is instead governed by Sections 3.1 - 3.2 above).
The Standard EULA includes the following end user license terms, and if the App does not include a Publisher EULA, these terms will constitute the entire EULA between you and the Publisher: 
(i) The Publisher is the licensor of the App.

(ii) If the App does not include a Publisher EULA that specifies App license rights, Publisher grants you a limited, nontransferable license to download and use the App only for your personal and noncommercial purposes.

(iii) You may download additional copies of the App to compatible Android devices that have been linked to the Amazon.com customer account that you used to buy the App in accordance with Amazon's rules and policies for the Amazon Appstore.

(iv) Any information that Publisher collects from you or your device will be subject to any Publisher EULA, privacy notice, or similar terms that the Publisher provides to you, and will not be subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice.

(v) You may not modify, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the App in whole or in part, or create any derivative works from or sublicense any rights in the App, unless otherwise expressly authorized in writing by Publisher.

(vi) The App is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and treaties.
Unless otherwise expressly stated in the Publisher EULA, Publisher or its licensors own all title, copyright and other intellectual property rights in the App, and the App is licensed, not sold.

(vii) You acknowledge and agree that Amazon has no responsibility or liability with respect to your use of the App or any content or functionality in the App.


3.4 Compliance with Law and Reservation of Rights.

You will use Apps in compliance with all applicable laws, including all export and re-export restrictions and regulations of the Department of Commerce and other United States agencies and authorities that may apply to any App.
We reserve the right to change, remove, suspend, or disable any App without notice or liability.


4.
General


4.1 Changes.

We may modify, suspend or discontinue the Amazon Appstore, in whole or in part, at any time without notice.


4.2 Geographic Restrictions.

The Amazon Appstore is operated in the United States.
We may restrict access to the Amazon Appstore from other locations.


4.3 Suspension and Termination.
Amendments.

Your rights under this Agreement will automatically terminate without notice from us if you fail to comply with its terms.
In case of such termination, you must cease all use of the Amazon Appstore and the Appstore Software, and we may immediately revoke your access to the Amazon Appstore without notice to you and without refund of any purchases.
Our failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any of our rights.
We may amend any of this Agreement's terms at our sole discretion by posting the revised terms on the Amazon.com website.
Your continued use of the Amazon Appstore or the Appstore Software after the effective date of the revised Agreement terms constitutes your acceptance of the terms.


4.4 Contact Information.

For communications concerning this Agreement, please write to Amazon, Attn: Legal Department, P.O.
Box 81226, Seattle, WA 98108-1226.


4.5 Disputes / Binding Arbitration.
Any dispute or claim arising from or relating to the Agreement or the Amazon Appstore is subject to the binding arbitration, governing law, disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability and all other terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use at https://www.amazon.com/conditionsofuse.
You agree to those terms by entering into the Agreement or by using the Amazon Appstore.


4.6 Limitation of Liability.

Without limiting the Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use: (i) in no event shall our or our software licensors' total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) arising out of or related to your use or inability to use the Appstore Software exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00).
and (ii) in no event shall our total liability to you for all damages arising from your use of the Amazon Appstore, the Apps, Amazon-Sold In-App Products or information, materials or products included on or otherwise made available to you through the Amazon Appstore exceed the amount you paid to us to purchase the App or Amazon-Sold In-App Product related to your claim for damages.
These limitations will apply to you even if the remedies fail of their essential purpose.
 
  Amazon Music Terms of Use 
Last updated May 23, 2018

This is an agreement between you and the entity providing Amazon Music to you, which may be, depending on your country of residence (your “Location”), Amazon Digital Services LLC, Amazon.com.ca, Inc., Amazon Media EU S.à.r.l., Amazon.com Int'l Sales, Inc., Amazon Seller Services Private Limited.
Amazon Australia Services Inc., or one of their affiliates ("Amazon," "we," or "us").
This agreement governs your use of the personalized services available in your Location (Unlimited, Prime Music, the Store, and/or the Music Library Service, collectively, the "Services").
Visit Amazon Music Service Provider Information and Applicable Terms and Policies to identify the Amazon affiliate that provides the Services to you and other applicable terms based on your Location.
The Amazon Music marketplace is your primary website for accessing the Amazon Music service ("Music Marketplace").
The Amazon affiliate that provides the Services to you may change from time to time.
The Services allow you to purchase and access digital versions of audio recordings, artwork and information relating to the audio recordings, and other content (collectively, "Music Content"), as described below.
Before using the Services, please read these Terms of Use, all rules and policies related to the Services (including any specific rules, usage restrictions, and other conditions or procedures that we post or update on or through the Services or on any help or other informational page for the Services), the Privacy Notice applicable to you, the Conditions of Use applicable to you, the Interest-Based Ads and Cookies notices applicable to you, and the Alexa Terms of Use applicable to you (collectively, the "Agreement").
If your Location is in the European Union, the Privacy Notice and the Interest-Based Ads and Cookies notices are not part of your Agreement.
The versions of these notices applicable to you are available for your review.

 If you use any of the Services, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions of the Agreement.
 To use the Services, you must have an Amazon account, and you may be required to be logged in to the account and have a valid payment method associated with it.
You may not share your Amazon username and password with others or use anyone else’s Amazon username and password.

1.
THE SERVICES.

1.1 Location. Please visit Amazon Music Service Provider Information and Applicable Terms and Policies Amazon Music Service Provider Information and Applicable Terms and Policies for more information on availability of Services in your Location.
Some or all Services may not be available in your Location.


1.2 Amazon Music Unlimited.
Amazon Music Unlimited ("Unlimited") allows you to access certain Music Content from our catalog ("Unlimited Content") if you subscribe to Unlimited.

(a) Unlimited Plans.
Fees.
Upgrades and Downgrades.
We may offer paid plans that allow you to access Unlimited Content (each, an "Unlimited Plan").
The Unlimited Plans and the applicable subscription fees are described in our detail pages and Help Pages.
From time to time, we may change the Unlimited Plans, as well as the applicable fees for those plans.
The amount of the fee and the next due date are available in your Amazon Music Settings.
Unless legally required, the price stated does not include any taxes that we may charge.
Payment is non-refundable, except as described in sections 5.1 and 5.3.
If you upgrade your Unlimited Plan, the upgrade will take effect immediately, we will charge you the applicable fee, and the term of your Unlimited Plan may be extended, as described at the time you upgrade your Unlimited Plan.
If you downgrade your Unlimited Plan, unless otherwise specified, the downgrade will take effect at the end of the term of your existing Unlimited Plan.

(b) Family Unlimited Plans.
A Family Unlimited Plan allows you to share Unlimited Content with up to five family members.
When you invite a family member to your Family Unlimited Plan, that family member may have access to the payment method we charge for your subscription.
You authorize each family member that you invite to your Family Unlimited Plan to make purchases on or through Amazon with that payment method.
If a family member makes a purchase on the shared payment method, you will be notified of that purchase.
All Family Unlimited Plan members must be 13 years of age or older.
If you invite a minor to the Family Unlimited Plan, you must either be the parent or legal guardian of the minor, or act with the parent's or legal guardian's consent.
In the United States, parents may give permission for children under 13 to access Amazon Music Unlimited.
Minors may use their Amazon account, including access to the Family Unlimited Plan and privacy settings, only with involvement of a parent or guardian.

1.3 Amazon Prime Music.
Amazon Prime Music ("Prime Music") allows you to access certain Music Content from our catalog ("Prime Music Content," and collectively with Unlimited Content, "Subscription Content") if you (a) are eligible for the Prime Music benefit under the Amazon Prime Terms applicable to you (noted here), and (b) opt-in to Prime Music by playing Prime Music Content.
In some Locations, your usage of Prime Music may be subject to a listening cap.


1.4 Digital Music Store.
The Digital Music Store (the "Store") allows you to purchase Music Content ("Purchased Music").
Unless otherwise specified, all sales are final and risk of loss transfers upon sale.
We do not accept returns of Purchased Music.
When you purchase Music Content from the Store, you are directing us to store that Purchased Music in the Music Library Service.
When you place an order to purchase Music Content on the Store, you acknowledge and agree that you cannot cancel your purchase of Music Content once delivery has started, including by our making it available to you in the cloud for streaming or downloading from the Music Library Service.
Your statutory rights are not affected.

1.5 Music Library Service.
The music library service (the "Music Library Service") allows you to store, download, manage, and play back Subscription Content and Stored Music.
"Stored Music" is your Music Content that you store in or access using the Music Library Service, including your Matched Music.
"Stored Music" does not include Subscription Content.
There may be limits on the types of content you can store using the Music Library Service, such as file types we don't support.
By using the Music Library Service, you are directing us to store, download, manage, and play back Stored Music on your behalf.

(a) Storage Plans.
We offer a free and paid plan for the storage of Music Content, which have different storage capacity limits (each, a "Storage Plan").
You will have the free Storage Plan if you haven't chosen the paid Storage Plan.

(b) Storage Plan Fees.
Upgrades and Downgrades.
The applicable fees are described in our detail pages and Help Pages.
From time to time, we may change the Storage Plans, as well as the applicable fees for those plans.
The amount of the fee and the next due date are available in your Amazon Music Settings.
Unless legally required, the price stated does not include any taxes that we may charge.
Payment is non-refundable, except as described in sections 5.1 and 5.3.
If you upgrade your Storage Plan, the upgrade will take effect immediately, we will charge you the applicable fee, and the term of your Storage Plan may be extended, as described at the time you upgrade.
If you downgrade your Storage Plan, unless otherwise specified, the downgrade will take effect at the end of the term of your existing Storage Plan.
If you exceed your Storage Plan's storage limit, including by downgrading or not renewing your Storage Plan, you may no longer be able to access Stored Music.

1.6 Matched Music.
If we find that music you have purchased from us, or Music Content you have stored in the Music Library Service, matches available Music Content from our catalog ("Matched Music"), you are directing us to store a personal copy of that Matched Music for you in place of your existing files or instead of uploading the files.

1.7 AutoRip-Eligible Orders.
Under the AutoRip program, when you purchase a qualifying CD or vinyl album from Amazon, we provide you a digital version of that album through the Music Library Service.
For more information on the AutoRip program, please see the AutoRip Terms &amp.
Conditions applicable to you (noted here).

1.8
Personalization.
We provide personalized features and recommendations as part of the Services, including recommending Music Content and Services, which might be of interest to you.
We also endeavor to continuously improve the Amazon services and devices and your experience with them.

2.
GENERAL SUBSCRIPTION PLAN TERMS.

2.1 Promotional and Trial Offers.
We may offer trial or promotional Unlimited Plans or Storage Plans (each, a "Trial Plan").
Some Trial Plans may, as communicated to you, automatically convert to a paid plan unless you cancel before the end of the Trial Plan.

2.2 Payment.
Renewal.
For customers on an Unlimited Plan, if all payment methods we have on file for you are declined for payment of your Unlimited Plan, you have 3 days to provide us a new payment method or your Unlimited Plan will be canceled.
If you provide us with a new payment method and are successfully charged within 3 days, your new Unlimited Plan term will be based on the original renewal/subscription date and not the date of the successful charge.
 For customers on a Storage Plan, if all payment methods we have on file for you are declined for payment of your Storage Plan, you have 30 days to provide us a new payment method or your Storage Plan will be canceled.
If you provide us with a new payment method and are successfully charged within 30 days, your new Storage Plan term will be based on the original renewal/subscription date and not the date of the successful charge.
 UNLESS YOU NOTIFY US BEFORE A CHARGE THAT YOU DO NOT WANT TO AUTO RENEW, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOUR UNLIMITED PLAN OR STORAGE PLAN WILL AUTOMATICALLY CONTINUE AND YOU AUTHORIZE US TO COLLECT THE THEN-APPLICABLE FEE AND APPLICABLE TAXES FOR THE UNLIMITED PLAN OR STORAGE PLAN, USING ANY PAYMENT METHOD WE HAVE ON RECORD FOR YOU.
UNLIMITED PLAN AND STORAGE PLAN FEES AND FEATURES MAY CHANGE OVER TIME.
HOWEVER, ANY INCREASE IN THE FEE WILL NOT AFFECT THE COST OF YOUR UNLIMITED PLAN OR STORAGE PLAN DURING ITS TERM.
YOUR RENEWAL PLAN WILL BE THE ONE WE CHOOSE AS BEING CLOSEST TO YOUR UNLIMITED PLAN OR STORAGE PLAN.
 You may cancel the auto renewal of your Unlimited Plan or Storage Plan by visiting Amazon Music Settings and adjusting your subscription settings.
If you cancel your subscription, you will not receive a refund of any fees already paid.

2.3 Subscription Restrictions.
We reserve the right to accept or refuse subscriptions.
You may not transfer or assign your subscription or any Unlimited Plan or Storage Plan benefits.
You may only use your Individual Unlimited Plan, Echo Unlimited Plan, or Storage Plan in connection with one Amazon account.
Up to six Amazon accounts may be associated with one Family Unlimited Plan.

3.
RIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS.

3.1 Rights Granted.
You may use the Services only for your personal, non-commercial purposes.
You may not use the Services to store, transfer, or distribute content of or on behalf of third parties, to operate your own content application or service, or to resell any part of the Services.
We grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use Purchased Music, Subscription Content, Matched Music, and any additional Music Content we provide you access to through the Services only for your personal, non-commercial purposes, subject to the Agreement.
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, you may not redistribute, transmit, assign, sell, broadcast, rent, share, lend, repurpose, modify, adapt, edit, license or otherwise transfer, or use Purchased Music or Subscription Content.
We do not grant you any synchronization, public performance, public display, promotional use, commercial sale, resale, reproduction, or distribution rights for any Music Content.
You must comply with all applicable laws and with the terms of any licenses or agreements to which you are bound in your use of the Services.

3.2 Usage Restrictions.
You may need to register the devices you use with the Services, and we may limit the number of devices you can register, the frequency with which you can change them, and the number of devices from which you can use the Services at any one time.
We may impose other restrictions on use of the Services.

3.3 No Reverse Engineering or Circumvention.
You may not, and you will not encourage, assist, or authorize any other person to, modify, reverse engineer, circumvent, decompile, disassemble, dupe, or otherwise tamper with (a) any methodology we use to identify Music Content on your device and match it to Music Content from our catalog, (b) any methodology we use to protect Music Content, or (c) the Unique Identifiers (defined below).

3.4 Stored Music.
You are solely responsible for Music Content you import to the Music Library Service, including ensuring that it has been lawfully acquired and that it is free from any malware, viruses, Trojan horses, spyware, worms, or other malicious or harmful code.
 We may use, access, and retain Stored Music in order to provide the Music Library Service to you and enforce the terms of the Agreement, and you expressly give us all permissions we need to do so.
These permissions include, for example, the rights to copy Stored Music for backup purposes and access Stored Music to provide technical support.

4.
SOFTWARE AND USAGE.


4.1 Use of the Software.
We may make available to you software for your use in connection with the Services ("Software").
Terms contained in the Conditions of Use applicable to you (noted here), apply to your use of the Software.
For additional terms that apply to certain third party software, see the Legal Notices section within the Software application.

4.2 Information Provided to Amazon and Music Content Providers.
The Music Library Service and the Software may scan Music Content on your device and collect information that may be used to identify Music Content on your device, such as the names of songs, artists, and associated metadata.
The Music Library Service and the Software will use this information to play back and match Music Content on your device to Music Content from our catalog.
The Services and the Software may provide Amazon with information relating to your use and the performance of the Services and the Software, as well as information regarding the devices on which you download and use the Services and the Software.
We may provide certain information regarding your use of Music Content, such as your postal code and listening history, to Music Content providers, including record companies.
We will provide this information in a manner that is not identifiable to you.


4.3 Unique Identifiers.
Some record companies require us to insert identifiers in the metadata that accompanies Music Content from these companies that uniquely identify it as Music Content you have received from us ("Unique Identifiers").
This includes Purchased Music and Matched Music.
These Unique Identifiers may contain information that can be used to identify you as the owner of the Purchased Music or Matched Music.
For example, these Unique Identifiers may include a random number we assign to your order or copy, purchase date and time, an indicator that the Music Content was downloaded from Amazon, codes that identify the album and song (the UPC and ISRC), Amazon's digital signature, an identifier that can be used to determine whether the audio has been modified, and an indicator whether the Music Content was purchased from the Store or imported to the Music Library Service.
Music Content sold in the Store that includes these Unique Identifiers is marked on its product detail page.
These Unique Identifiers do not affect the playback experience in any way.

5.
CHANGES.
SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION.

5.1 Changes.
We may change, suspend, or discontinue the Services, or any part of them, at any time.
If we discontinue your Unlimited Plan or Storage Plan, we will give you a prorated refund of any fees paid for your Unlimited Plan or Storage Plan.
From time to time, we may add Music Content to or remove it from the Store, Unlimited or Prime Music.
There may be unusual circumstances where due to legal reasons we may no longer be able to store or provide you access to particular Music Content.

5.2 Suspension and Termination by Us.
Your rights under the Agreement will automatically terminate without notice if you fail to comply with its terms.
We may terminate the Agreement or restrict, suspend, or terminate your use of the Services at any time, including if we determine that your use violates the Agreement, is improper, substantially exceeds or differs from normal use by other users, involves fraud or misuse of the Services, or harms our interests or those of another user of the Services.
If your Unlimited Plan or Storage Plan is restricted, suspended, or terminated, you may be unable to access the Services and you may not receive any refund of fees or any other compensation.

5.3 Cancellation by You.
You may cancel your Unlimited Plan or Storage Plan at any time with effect to the end of its term by visiting your Amazon Music Settings, by contacting Amazon customer service, or by using any other cancellation method that we make available to you on your Music Marketplace (noted here).
Payment is non-refundable, even if you did not use the Services.
 If your Location is in the European Union, you may cancel your Unlimited Plan or Storage Plan by communicating your withdrawal within 14 days of sign up, and if you paid any fee, we will refund it.

6.
GENERAL.

6.1 Reservation of Rights.
Waiver.
The Services, Software, and Music Content embody intellectual property that is protected by law.
Copyright owners of Purchased Music are intended third-party beneficiaries under the Agreement and may enforce the Agreement against you and invoke all rights under the Agreement including limitations of liability.
All licenses granted to you are non-exclusive.
Our failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any of our rights.

6.2 Amendments.
We may amend the Agreement at any time by posting the revised terms on or through the Services or on Amazon Music Marketplace sites, but any increase in fees will not affect the cost of your Unlimited Plan or Storage Plan during its term.
Your continued use of the Services or the Software after any amendment evidences your agreement to be bound by it.

6.3 Contact Information.
Copyright Notices.
For communications concerning the Agreement, please write to Amazon at the applicable notice address listed here.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow the Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement specified in the Conditions of Use applicable to you (noted here).

6.4 Severability.
If any term or condition of the Agreement is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining term or condition.

7.
DISPUTES.


7.1 Disputes/ Conditions of Use.
Any dispute or claim arising from or relating to the Agreement or the Services is subject to the governing law, disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability, any binding arbitration (if applicable), and all other terms in the Conditions of Use applicable to you (noted 
here
).You agree to those terms by entering into the Agreement or using the Services.
YOU MAY ALSO BE ENTITLED TO CERTAIN CONSUMER PROTECTION RIGHTS UNDER THE LAWS OF YOUR LOCAL JURISDICTION.


7.2 Limitation of Liability.
The disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability in the Amazon Conditions of Use applicable to you (noted here) applies.

Gracenote Terms

 This application or device may contain software from Gracenote, Inc.
of Emeryville, California ("Gracenote").
The software from Gracenote (the "Gracenote Software") enables this application to perform disc and/or file identification and obtain music-related information ("Gracenote Data") from online servers or embedded databases (collectively, "Gracenote Servers") and to perform other functions.
You may use Gracenote Data only by means of the intended end-user functions of this application or device.
 This application may contain content belonging to Gracenote's providers.
If so, all of the restrictions set forth herein with respect to Gracenote Data shall also apply to such content and such content providers shall be entitled to all of the benefits and protections set forth herein that are available to Gracenote.
You agree that you will use Gracenote Data, the Gracenote Software, and Gracenote Servers for your own personal non-commercial use only.
You agree not to assign, copy, transfer or transmit the Gracenote Software or any Gracenote Data to any third party.
YOU AGREE NOT TO USE OR EXPLOIT GRACENOTE DATA, THE GRACENOTE SOFTWARE, OR GRACENOTE SERVERS, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PERMITTED HEREIN.
 You agree that your non-exclusive license to use the Gracenote Data, the Gracenote Software, and Gracenote Servers will terminate if you violate these restrictions.
If your license terminates, you agree to cease any and all use of the Gracenote Data, the Gracenote Software, and Gracenote Servers.
Gracenote reserves all rights in Gracenote Data, the Gracenote Software, and the Gracenote Servers, including all ownership rights.
Under no circumstances will Gracenote become liable for any payment to you for any information that you provide.
You agree that Gracenote, Inc.
may enforce its rights under the Agreement against you directly in its own name.
 The Gracenote service uses a unique identifier to track queries for statistical purposes.
The purpose of a randomly assigned numeric identifier is to allow the Gracenote service to count queries without knowing anything about who you are.
For more information, see the web page for the Gracenote Privacy Policy for the Gracenote service.
 The Gracenote Software and each item of Gracenote Data are licensed to you "AS IS." Gracenote makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the accuracy of any Gracenote Data from in the Gracenote Servers.
Gracenote reserves the right to delete data from the Gracenote Servers or to change data categories for any cause that Gracenote deems sufficient.
No warranty is made that the Gracenote Software or Gracenote Servers are error-free or that functioning of Gracenote Software or Gracenote Servers will be uninterrupted.
Gracenote is not obligated to provide you with new enhanced or additional data types or categories that Gracenote may provide in the future and is free to discontinue its services at any time.
GRACENOTE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
GRACENOTE DOES NOT WARRANT THE RESULTS THAT WILL BE OBTAINED BY YOUR USE OF THE GRACENOTE SOFTWARE OR ANY GRACENOTE SERVER.
IN NO CASE WILL GRACENOTE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES OR FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST REVENUES.
 ©2011.
Gracenote, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
 Portions of the Music Content available through the Music Library Service are copyright © of Gracenote or its providers. 
  Amazon Device Support  › Amazon Device Terms, Warranties, and Notices › Kindle Special Offer Text Notifications Terms &amp.
Conditions  The short code 262966 is used by Amazon.com to send automated text notifications (U.S.
only).
If you agree to receive text notifications from Amazon, you will receive text messages when there is an upcoming limited-time, limited-quantity deal exclusively available on your Kindle Fire with Special Offers.
Messages will be sent between 8am - 6pm PT.

Frequency varies.
Message and data rates may apply.


You may opt-out at any time by sending STOP to 262966.

The following carriers support Amazon text notifications:
 Alaska Communications Systems (ACS), Alltel-Allied, AT&amp;T, Bluegrass Cellular, Boost Mobile, Boost-CDMA, C Spire Wireless (aka Cellular South), CellCom, Chariton Valley Cellular, Chat Mobility, Cincinnati Bell, Cricket (Leap Wireless), Cross Wireless, DTC Wireless, Duet IP (Max.
Wireless/Wireless Comm.
Venture), East Kentucky Network (Appalachian Wireless), ECIT, Element Mobile, Epic Touch, GCI Communications, Golden State Cellular, Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix, Inland Cellular, IWireless, Metro PCS (including subsidiary PTA-FLA), MetroPCS/T-Mobile US, Mobi PCS, MobileNation/SI Wireless, Mosaic Telecom, MTA Wireless/Matanuska Kenai, MTPCS Cellular One (Cellone Nation), Nex Tech Communications, Northwest Missouri Cellular, nTelos, Panhandle Wireless, Peoples Wireless, Pine Cellular, Pioneer Cellular, Plateau Wireless, Revol Wireless, Rural Independent Network Alliance (RINA), SouthernLINC, Sprint, SRT Communications, Thumb Cellular, T-Mobile, TracFone (AT&amp;T), Union Telephone, United States Cellular Corp, United Wireless, Verizon, Viaero Wireless, Virgin Mobile, West Central Wireless
Please note that you will not be able to receive text messages on VoIP numbers like Google Voice or Skype.




 What Will Amazon Do with My Phone Number?
Please see our Privacy Notice for how we use your information.


 Was this information helpful?  Yes No  Thank you for your feedback.

 Please select what best describes the information: 

 This information is confusing or wrong 
 This isn't the information I was looking for 
 I don't like this policy Submit  Thanks! While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, we'll use this information to improve our online Help.


 Go 
  Amazon Device Support  › Amazon Device Terms, Warranties, and Notices › Limited-Time Special Offers Promotional Discount Terms &amp.
Conditions 

The promotional discount is only available for items purchased from a Kindle Fire with Special Offers enabled.


You may only purchase one unit of each product at the promotional discount.
Each deal is subject to two time restrictions.
The first restriction is for the overall deal and is displayed on the specific deal.
The item must be added to the Shopping Cart before time expires to be eligible for the promotional discount.
The second restriction applies after a deal item has been placed in the Shopping Cart and expires after a very limited time as indicated when adding the deal to cart.
Orders must be placed before expiration to receive the promotional discount.


Promotional discounts are only available while supplies last.
A limited quantity of promotional discounts are available per item.
If supplies are still available after all of the promotional discounts have been used, customers may purchase the item at its regular Amazon price.


Promotional discounts are nontransferable, not for resale, and not redeemable for cash.


Promotional discounts are good only for specific products featured.


If you return a product purchased using a promotional discount, your refund will equal the amount you paid for the product, subject to applicable refund policies.


 Was this information helpful?  Yes No  Thank you for your feedback.

 Please select what best describes the information: 

 This information is confusing or wrong 
 This isn't the information I was looking for 
 I don't like this policy Submit  Thanks! While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, we'll use this information to improve our online Help.


 Go 
  Monthly Payments Terms &amp.
Conditions 



This offer applies only to qualifying new products sold and shipped by Amazon.com and qualifying new or certified refurbished Amazon devices sold and shipped by Amazon Digital Services, including where the "monthly payments" option is available on the product detail page.


This offer applies to one qualifying product in each product category or Amazon device family (as applicable) in your cart at time of checkout, and is limited to one active enrollment per product category or Amazon device family per customer.
Fire tablets, Kindle e-readers, Amazon Fire TV, and Alexa-enabled devices (Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, and Amazon Tap) are each an "Amazon device family".
Wireless products are an example of a "product category".

 This offer is not transferable and may not be combined with other offers.

 To be eligible for this offer, you must reside in the United States of America, your Amazon.com account must have been active for at least one year, you must have a valid credit card associated with your Amazon.com account, and you must have a good payment history on Amazon.com.
This offer may not be available to every customer and may not be available to you for all qualifying products.
We reserve the right to consider for each transaction factors including your transaction history and past products purchased on Amazon.com and the nature and price of the qualifying product, in determining your eligibility for this offer.
We will not use a credit report to determine your eligibility.

 Offer good while supplies last.
We reserve the right to cancel this offer at any time.


You will be charged the full price of the qualifying product you selected in one initial payment and four subsequent monthly payments (provided that if the full price is not evenly divisible by five, your final payment amount may be smaller).
No interest or finance charges apply to this offer.
Any interest, finance charges or fees assessed by the issuer of the payment method to which payments are charged may still apply.
Taxes may apply in certain jurisdictions.
Any applicable tax and shipping charges will be due and assessed in full as part of your initial payment when you check out.
Your payment schedule is:

 Payment Due Date Initial Payment Shipment Date First Payment
30 Days from the Shipment Date Second Payment
60 Days from the Shipment Date Third Payment
90 Days from the Shipment Date Fourth Payment
120 Days from the Shipment Date 

You authorize us to charge each payment to your preferred payment method.
If the preferred method is unavailable (for example, a card has expired and cannot be charged successfully), we will use another payment method we have on record for you.
You agree to maintain in your Amazon.com account at least one valid credit card that expires no earlier than 20 days after your last payment due date.


You may prepay the full remaining balance of your purchase at any time, but you may not prepay a portion of the remaining balance.


If we are not able to charge any payment to a payment method on file in your Amazon.com account, we reserve the right to pursue any remedy that is available to us, including the right to suspend or terminate your Amazon.com account and, for Amazon devices, the right to deregister your device, which will block your ability to access Amazon content and services from your device.
You agree that we and our affiliates have no liability related to the exercise of these remedies.


This offer and your purchase, including any dispute or claim relating thereto, are subject to the terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use, including the binding arbitration, governing law, disclaimer of warranties, and limitation of liability terms therein.


Any return of a product purchased through this offer, and the amount of any resulting refund, will be subject to our standard returns policy.
The remaining balance of your purchase will be deducted from any refund.


With respect to Amazon devices, if you receive a replacement device from us under our limited warranty service, you are still responsible to pay the remaining balance owed on your purchase.


Void where prohibited.


Use of Kindle e-readers and Fire tablets is subject to the terms found here.
Use of Amazon Fire TV and Fire TV Stick is subject to the terms found here.
Use of Amazon Echo and Amazon Tap is subject to the terms found here.


  Kindle Unlimited Terms of Use 
Last updated December 30, 2016

Welcome to the terms of use (“Terms”) for Kindle Unlimited.
These Terms are between you and Amazon Digital Services LLC and/or its affiliates (“Amazon.com”, “We” or “Us”) and govern our respective rights and obligations.
Please note that your use of the Amazon.com website and your Kindle Unlimited membership are also governed by the agreements listed and linked to below, as well as all other applicable terms, conditions, limitations, and requirements on the Amazon.com website, all of which (as changed over time) are incorporated into these Terms.
If you sign up for a Kindle Unlimited membership, you accept these terms, conditions, limitations and requirements.


Amazon.com Conditions of Use


Amazon.com Privacy Notice


Kindle Store Terms of Use


Audible Service Conditions of Use 


The Program

As a member of Kindle Unlimited, you may read Kindle books and listen to Audible audiobooks from a designated list of titles an unlimited number of times for so long as you are a member of the program.
From time to time, we may add or remove titles from the program and we make no guarantee as to the availability of specific titles or the minimum number of titles available.
The program is currently only available to United States customers.
If your membership ends, you will no longer have access to the titles you selected from the program.

Fees and Renewal

The membership fees for Kindle Unlimited are stated in our Help pages.
From time to time, we may offer different membership terms, and the fees for such membership may vary.
Membership fees may be subject to tax and are non-refundable except as expressly set forth in these Terms.

Unless you notify us before a charge that you want to cancel or do not want to auto renew, you understand your Kindle Unlimited membership will automatically continue and you authorize us (without notice to you, unless required by applicable law) to collect the then-applicable membership fees and any taxes, using any payment method we have on record for you.

If all payment methods we have on file for you are declined for payment of your membership fees, your membership will be canceled unless you provide us with a new payment method.
If you provide us with a new payment method and are successfully charged before your membership is cancelled, your new membership period will be based on the original renewal date and not the date of the successful charge.
From time to time we may also offer non-recurring memberships.
The provisions in this section regarding automatic renewal are not applicable to those memberships.

 Membership Cancellation

 You may cancel your membership by visiting Your Account and adjusting your membership settings.
If you cancel your membership, you will not receive a refund of any membership fees already paid.
When your membership is cancelled, the titles you have selected from the program will be removed from your account, devices and applications.

 Restrictions

 We reserve the right to accept or refuse membership in our discretion.
You may not transfer or assign your membership or any Kindle Unlimited benefits.
We may take reasonable actions necessary to prevent fraud, including placing restrictions on the number of titles that can be accessed from the program at any one time.

 Promotional Trial Memberships

 We sometimes offer certain customers various trial or other promotional memberships, which are subject to these Terms except as otherwise stated in the promotional offers.
Trial members may at any time (through Your Account) choose not to continue to paid membership at the end of the trial period.

 Agreement Changes

 We may in our discretion change these Terms, the Kindle Store Terms of Use, Audible Service Conditions of Use, Amazon.com's Conditions of Use and Privacy Notice, or any aspect of Kindle Unlimited membership, without notice to you.
If any change to these Terms is found invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that change is severable and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining changes or conditions.
Your continued membership after we change these Terms constitutes your acceptance of the changes.
If you do not agree to any changes, you must cancel your membership.


 Termination by Us

 We may terminate your membership at our discretion without notice.
If we do so, we will give you a prorated refund based on the number days remaining in your membership.
However, we will not give any refund for termination related to conduct that we determine, in our discretion, violates these Terms or any applicable law, involves fraud or misuse of the membership, or is harmful to our interests or another user.
Our failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with these Terms will not constitute a waiver of any of our rights.

 Disputes.
Limitation of Liability


Any dispute or claim arising from or relating to these Terms or your membership is subject to the binding arbitration, governing law, disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability and all other terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use.
You agree to those terms by signing up for Kindle Unlimited.
Without limiting the disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use, our total liability under these Terms will not exceed the total membership fees you paid in the twelve months prior to the claim.
 
  Amazon Prime Terms 
Last updated October 31, 2017 
Welcome to the terms and conditions ("Terms") for Amazon Prime.
These Terms are between you and Amazon Services LLC and/or its affiliates ("Amazon.com" or "Us") and govern our respective rights and obligations.
Please note that your use of the Amazon.com website and Prime membership are also governed by the agreements listed and linked to below, as well as all other applicable terms, conditions, limitations, and requirements on the Amazon.com website, all of which (as changed over time) are incorporated into these Terms.
If you sign up for a Prime membership, you accept these terms, conditions, limitations and requirements.



Conditions of Use


Amazon.com Privacy Notice


Amazon Video Terms of Use


Amazon Music Terms of Use


Amazon Drive Terms of Use


Kindle Store Terms of Use

 Membership Cancellation
You may cancel your Prime membership any time by visiting Your Account and adjusting your membership settings.
If you cancel within 3 business days of signing up for or converting from a free trial to a paid membership, we will refund your full membership fee.
provided that we may charge you (or withhold from your refund) the value of Prime benefits used by you and your account during this 3-business day period.
If you cancel at any other time, we will refund your full membership fee only if you and your account did not make any eligible purchases or take advantage of Prime benefits since your latest Prime membership charge.
Prime memberships redeemed through a Prime gift code or promotional code are not refundable. Shipping Benefits and Eligible Purchases 
Prime shipping benefits depend upon inventory availability, order deadlines, and in some cases the shipping address.
They are limited to certain products sold by Amazon.com (or third-party sellers participating in Prime) on the Amazon.com website and to certain products on third-party websites that offer Prime shipping benefits.
Products eligible for Prime will be designated as such on their product pages.
Some special product, order, handling fees, and/or taxes may still apply to eligible purchases.
If only some items in your order are eligible for Prime, you will pay applicable shipping charges for the ineligible items.
Changing or combining orders, or changing your shipping address, speed, or preferences might affect Prime eligibility.
Certain purchases may only be entitled to Standard Shipping because of their size, weight, and other shipping characteristics.

We may exclude products with special shipping characteristics at our discretion.
The Prime section of our Help pages provides information about eligible items, shipping cost, shipping speed, and shipping destinations.
 Other Benefits and Supplemental Memberships 
Click here for information about additional Prime benefits.
We also offer Prime members supplemental memberships, which are subject to these Terms, require you to be a Prime member, and may have additional fees and terms.
As used in these Terms, “Prime” applies to all supplemental memberships.
Click here for more information about supplemental memberships. Other Limitations 

We reserve the right to accept or refuse membership in our discretion.


We may send you email and other communications related to Prime and your Prime membership (regardless of any settings or preferences related to your Amazon account).


You may not transfer or assign your Prime membership or any Prime benefits, including promotion codes for Prime memberships or benefits, except as allowed in these terms.


Prime members are not permitted to purchase products for the purpose of resale, rental, or to ship to their customers or potential customers using Prime benefits.


Some Prime benefits may require certain purchase thresholds, have quantity or shipping address limitations, or require members to meet specified criteria in order to access them.


From time to time, Amazon may choose in its sole discretion to add or remove Prime membership benefits.

 Fees and Renewal The membership fee for Prime is stated in the Prime section of our Help pages.
For Amazon Student fees and renewal information, see applicable terms and conditions.
From time to time, we may offer different membership terms, and the fees for such membership may vary.
The Prime membership fee is non-refundable except as expressly set forth in these Terms.
Taxes may apply on either or both of the membership fee and the reduced shipping charges for Prime.

If all eligible payment methods we have on file for you are declined for payment of your membership fee, you must provide us a new eligible payment method promptly or your membership will be canceled.
If you provide us with a new eligible payment method and are successfully charged, your new membership period will be based on the original renewal date and not the date of the successful charge.

UNLESS YOU NOTIFY US BEFORE A CHARGE THAT YOU WANT TO CANCEL OR DO NOT WANT TO AUTO RENEW, YOU UNDERSTAND YOUR PRIME MEMBERSHIP WILL AUTOMATICALLY CONTINUE AND YOU AUTHORIZE US (WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU, UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW) TO COLLECT THE THEN-APPLICABLE MEMBERSHIP FEE AND ANY TAXES, USING ANY ELIGIBLE PAYMENT METHOD WE HAVE ON RECORD FOR YOU.
 Promotional Trial Memberships We sometimes offer certain customers various trial or other promotional memberships, which are subject to these Terms except as otherwise stated in the promotional offers.
Trial members may at any time (through Your Account) choose not to continue to paid membership at the end of the trial period.
 Agreement Changes We may in our discretion change these Terms, Amazon.com's Conditions of Use and Privacy Notice, or any aspect of Prime membership, without notice to you.
If any change to these terms is found invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that change is severable and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining changes or conditions.
YOUR CONTINUED MEMBERSHIP AFTER WE CHANGE THESE TERMS CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE CHANGES.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY CHANGES, YOU MUST CANCEL YOUR MEMBERSHIP.
 Termination by Us We may terminate your Prime membership at our discretion without notice.
If we do so, we will give you a prorated refund based on the number of full months remaining in your membership.
However, we will not give any refund for termination related to conduct that we determine, in our discretion, violates these Terms or any applicable law, involves fraud or misuse of the Prime membership, or is harmful to our interests or another user.
Our failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with these Terms will not constitute a waiver of any of our rights.
 Limitation of Liability IN ADDITION TO OTHER LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS IN AMAZON.COM'S CONDITIONS OF USE, OUR TOTAL LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED THE LAST MEMBERSHIP FEE YOU PAID.
THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW AND WILL SURVIVE CANCELLATION OR TERMINATION OF YOUR PRIME MEMBERSHIP. Disputes

Any dispute or claim relating in any way to these Terms or your use of Prime, or to any products or services sold or distributed by Amazon or through Amazon.com will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify.
The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement.

There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited.
However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these Conditions of Use as a court would.


To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent Corporation Service Company, 300 Deschutes Way SW, Suite 304, Tumwater, WA 98501.
The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes.
The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules.
We will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.
Likewise, Amazon will not seek attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.
You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.

We each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial.
We also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights. 
  Alexa Terms of Use 
Last Updated: May 17, 2018

This is an agreement between you and Amazon Digital Services LLC (with its affiliates, "Amazon" or "we").
Before using Alexa, please read these Alexa Terms of Use, including the Alexa Calling and Messaging Schedule, the Amazon.com Privacy Notice , the Amazon.com Conditions of Use , and the other applicable rules, policies, and terms posted on the Amazon.com website, available through your Alexa App, or provided with Alexa Enabled Products (collectively, this "Agreement").
By using Alexa, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.
If you do not accept the terms of this Agreement, then you may not use Alexa.
For the purpose of these Alexa Terms of Use:
"Alexa" means Amazon's Alexa voice services, which includes Third Party Services, digital content, Software, the Alexa App, and support and other related services.
"Alexa App" means the app or website provided by Amazon that provides access to Alexa, Alexa's settings, Alexa-related content, and other information.
"Alexa Enabled Product" means any product or application that enables access to Alexa, such as Amazon Echo devices and the Alexa App.
“Alexa Interactions” means all information related to your use of Alexa and Alexa Enabled Products, including your voice and other inputs, responses provided to you through Alexa, information we receive in connection with Third Party Services and Auxiliary Products you use, and information and content you provide or receive through the Alexa App.
 “Auxiliary Product” means any product you can interact with or operate using an Alexa Enabled Product, including Alexa Gadgets and smart home devices such as lights, switches, and thermostats.

"Software" means all software that we make available to you for use in connection with Alexa.
"Third Party Service" means any service or application provided by a third party that we make available to you for use on or through Alexa.

1.
Alexa


1.1.
Alexa. An Alexa Enabled Product and internet connection are required to access and use Alexa.
Some Alexa services may not be available in all areas or on all Alexa Enabled Products and may require separate subscriptions.

1.2 Use of the Software. You may use the Software only on or through an Alexa Enabled Product or Auxiliary Product, and you may only make personal and non-commercial use of Alexa.
For additional terms that apply to the Software, see the software terms contained in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use and the terms contained in the Legal &amp.
Compliance section in the Help menu of your Alexa App.

1.3 Alexa Interactions. You control Alexa with your voice.
Alexa streams audio to the cloud when you interact with Alexa.
Amazon processes and retains your Alexa Interactions, such as your voice inputs, music playlists, and your Alexa to-do and shopping lists, in the cloud to provide, personalize, and improve our services.
Learn more about these voice services including how to delete voice recordings associated with your account.

1.4 Voice Purchasing. Alexa allows voice purchasing of physical and digital products and services, including subscriptions, from Amazon and other sellers using your default Amazon payment and shipping settings (an “Amazon-Processed Purchase”).
You can require a speakable confirmation code, turn off voice purchasing, and see product and order details for Amazon-Processed Purchases in your Alexa App.
Learn more.
These settings may not apply to purchases that are not Amazon-Processed Purchases (such as when you provide a credit card directly to the provider of a Third-Party Service), and we are not a party to, and have no responsibility for, those purchases.
Amazon-Processed Purchases are subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice , Amazon.com Conditions of Use , and, in the case of a subscription, the terms for the applicable service.

If you make an Amazon-Processed Purchase of, or start a free trial for, a subscription, your subscription will automatically continue at the applicable subscription price at the end of the free trial period (if any) and each renewal period, unless you notify us before a charge that you want to cancel or do not want to automatically renew your subscription.
You authorize us (without notice to you, unless required by applicable law) to collect the subscription price and any taxes using any payment method we have on record for you.
For any subscription to an Amazon service, please see the terms of use for that service for applicable cancellation, pricing, and refund terms.
For any Amazon-Processed Purchase that is a subscription to a Third Party Service, (i) we or the third party may cancel the subscription at any time, for example, if the applicable service is no longer available, in which case you will receive a prorated refund, and(ii) terms and prices may change from time to time, effective as of the beginning of the next subscription term.
Alexa also allows you to make donations to eligible charities by voice.
When you make a donation, Amazon Pay will process the donation using your default Amazon payment settings and will share your name, address, and email with the charity.
You can find more information about Amazon-Processed Purchases and donations in our Alexa and Alexa Device FAQs, including applicable terms, return and refund policies, and how to cancel subscriptions.

1.5 Automatic Voice Recognition &amp.
Voice Profiles.
Alexa can automatically recognize the voices of users in your household over time to improve personalization of certain Alexa features.
You can also create a voice profile, so Alexa can call you by name and do more to personalize your experience.
When Alexa recognizes your voice automatically, or when you create a voice profile, Alexa uses recordings of your voice to create an acoustic model of your voice characteristics.
You can turn off automatic voice recognition or delete any voice profile you’ve created.
Learn more about voice profiles.

2.
Third Party Services.
Third Party Products.



2.1 Third Party Services. If you use a Third Party Service, we may exchange related information with that service, such as your ZIP code when you ask for the weather, your custom music stations, information about your Auxiliary Products, or the content of your requests.
Your use of any Third Party Service is subject to this Agreement and any third party terms applicable to such Third Party Service.
Certain of these third party terms can be found in the Legal Notices section of your Alexa App, or may be linked from your Alexa App, and may be updated from time to time.
If you do not accept the third party terms applicable to a Third Party Service, do not use that Third Party Service.
When using a Third Party Service, you are responsible for any information you provide to the third party.
Amazon has no responsibility or liability for Third Party Services.
Publishers of Third Party Services may change or discontinue the functionality or features of their Third Party Service.

2.2 Third Party Products. Alexa Enabled Products and Auxiliary Products include third party products that Amazon does not manufacture or develop.
Amazon may automatically update the firmware for certain Auxiliary Products on behalf of the applicable manufacturer.
Amazon has no responsibility or liability for such third party products or manufacturer-provided firmware.

3.
General


3.1 Information. The Software will provide Amazon with information about your use of Alexa, your Alexa Interactions, and your Alexa Enabled Products and Auxiliary Products (such as device type, name, features, status, network connectivity, and location).
This information may be stored on servers outside the country in which you live.
We will handle any information we receive in accordance with the Amazon.com Privacy Notice .

3.2 Functionality.
Content. We do not guarantee that Alexa or its functionality or content (including traffic, health, or stock information) is accurate, reliable, always available, or complete.
You may encounter content through Alexa that you find offensive, indecent, or objectionable.
Amazon has no responsibility or liability for such content.

3.3 Changes to Alexa.
Amendments. We may change, suspend, or discontinue Alexa, or any part of it, at any time without notice.
We may amend any of this Agreement's terms at our sole discretion by posting the revised terms on the Amazon.com website.
Your continued use of Alexa after the effective date of the revised Agreement constitutes your acceptance of the terms.

3.4 Geographic Restrictions. Alexa is operated in the United States.
We may restrict access to Alexa from other locations.


3.5 Termination. Your rights under this Agreement will automatically terminate without notice if you fail to comply with any of its terms.
In case of such termination, Amazon may immediately revoke your access to Alexa without refund of any fees.
Amazon's failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any of its rights.

3.6 Disputes/Binding Arbitration.
Any dispute or claim arising from or relating to this Agreement or Alexa is subject to the binding arbitration, governing law, disclaimer of warranties, limitation of liability, and all other terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use .
By using Alexa, you agree to be bound by those terms.



3.7 Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability.
Without limiting the Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use, and unless otherwise required by applicable law, in no event will our or our licensors' or our service providers' aggregate liability with respect to any claim arising from or relating to this Agreement or your use of Alexa exceed fifty dollars ($50).



3.8 Contact Information. For help with Alexa or resolving other issues, please contact Customer Service by e-mail: alexa-support@amazon.com or by phone at 1-877-375-9365 (toll free) when dialing in the US or at (206) 922-0197 (charges may apply) when dialing outside the US.

Alexa Calling and Messaging Schedule

AMCS LLC (“AMCS”), an affiliate of Amazon, may offer you certain Alexa-related communication services, such as the ability to send and receive messages and calls and connect with other Alexa users, and the ability to place outbound calls to phone numbers (collectively, “Alexa Calling and Messaging”).
This schedule is part of the Alexa Terms of Use and you agree to these terms when you register for or use Alexa Calling and Messaging.
Your use of Alexa Calling and Messaging is also subject to the Alexa Calling and Messaging Usage Guidelines, which are part of this schedule.
AMCS and its affiliates may offer services other than Alexa Calling and Messaging, which are not covered by this schedule and may be subject to other terms.

1.1 General. Your messages, communications requests (e.g., “Alexa, call Mom”), and related interactions are “Alexa Interactions,” as described in the Alexa Terms of Use.
Amazon processes and retains your Alexa Interactions and related information in the cloud in order to respond to your requests (e.g., “Send a message to Mom”), to provide additional functionality (e.g., speech to text transcription and vice versa), and to improve our services.
We also store your messages in the cloud so that they’re available on your Alexa App and select Alexa Enabled Products.
You or other call participants may be able to ask Alexa to help with certain functions during a call, such as “Alexa, volume up” and “Alexa, hang up.” Certain Alexa Calling and Messaging services are provided by our third party service providers, and we may provide them with information, such as telephone numbers, to provide those services.
Alexa Calling and Messaging is only available on select Alexa Enabled Products, and features may vary.
Learn more.

1.2 Registration. You provide your phone number when registering for Alexa Calling and Messaging.
AMCS will verify this number by sending you an SMS message (carrier charges may apply).
Other users who know your contact details will be able to contact you using Alexa Calling and Messaging.
Your registration name and contact details may be used to identify you to other users, such as when you send a message to a recipient who does not already have your contact details.
Your phone number also may be displayed as a caller ID on your outbound calls to phone numbers.


1.3 Contacts. Amazon will periodically import and store your contacts to improve your Alexa Calling and Messaging experience.
Amazon uses information about your contacts and connections, including who you communicate with the most, to provide and improve our services.
For example, we use this information to identify most likely call recipients (e.g., when you ask “Alexa, call Bill,” Alexa can better identify which Bill you want to contact).


1.4 No Access to Emergency Services. Alexa Calling and Messaging are not a replacement for traditional two-way telephone or mobile phone service, and do not function as such.
You acknowledge that you cannot use Alexa Calling and Messaging to access emergency services, such as 911.
Alexa Calling and Messaging are not designed or intended to be used to send or receive emergency communications to any police, fire department, hospital, or any other service that connects a user to a public safety answering point.
You should ensure you can contact your relevant emergency services providers through a mobile, landline telephone, or other service.


1.5 Drop In. The optional Drop In feature allows permissioned users to instantly connect to your Alexa Enabled Products for a voice or video chat without you needing to take any action.
If you grant Drop In permission to yourself, anyone in your household also receives Drop In permission.
and if you grant Drop In permission to a contact, anyone in that contact’s household also receives Drop In permission.
Users with Drop In permission may see an indicator to let them know if your device has been recently active.
This indicator is based on your Alexa Interactions, and motion sensors on Echo Show.
Learn more.

1.6 Fees. AMCS does not currently charge fees for Alexa Calling and Messaging, but reserves the right to place limitations on use of certain services or features, including subscription or other fees.
You and/or the recipient of your calls or messages may be required to pay carrier fees for data usage.
AMCS has no responsibility for such fees. 
  Amazon Device Support  › Amazon Device Terms, Warranties, and Notices › Kindle Personal Documents Distributor Terms of Use 
Terms of Use 
The Kindle Personal Documents Service (the 
"Service") allows Kindle customers to send personal documents and authorize others to send personal documents to their Kindle accounts.
Your use of the Service to send documents to Kindle customers is subject to these Terms (the 
"Terms").


Permitted Uses 
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, you may use the Service to send documents to a Kindle customer's Send-to-Kindle e-mail address only as directed to do so by a Kindle customer.
You may use the Service only as permitted by law.


No Commercial or Illegal Use 
You may not charge directly or indirectly to distribute content via the Service.
You may not use the Service to send infringing, unauthorized, or otherwise illegal content.


Site Policies, Modification, and Termination of Service 
Please review our other policies posted on the www.amazon.com site, including the web site Conditions of Use.
These policies also govern your use of the Service, except to the extent that they conflict with these Terms.
We may make changes to our site, policies, and these Terms at any time.
We may discontinue the Service or your participation in the Service at any time in our sole discretion.
The permission we grant you to use the Service automatically terminates if you do not comply with these Terms.

 Was this information helpful?  Yes No  Thank you for your feedback.

 Please select what best describes the information: 

 This information is confusing or wrong 
 This isn't the information I was looking for 
 I don't like this policy Submit  Thanks! While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, we'll use this information to improve our online Help.


 Go 
  Kindle E-Reader and Fire Tablet Terms If you place an order for or register any Kindle e-reader device, any Fire tablet, any Kindle reading application, or the Amazon app suite, you agree to the following terms: 


Kindle Store Terms of Use 

Amazon.com Conditions of Use 

Amazon.com Privacy Notice 

Amazon Device Terms of Use 

Amazon Drive and Prime Photos Terms of Use 

Audible Conditions of Use 

Kindle Personal Documents Distributor Terms of Use


Alexa Terms of Use


If you purchase or use Amazon Prime, Amazon or Kindle FreeTime Unlimited, or Kindle Unlimited with your compatible Kindle e-reader, Fire tablet or reading application, then you agree to the following terms:


Amazon Prime Terms &amp.
Conditions 

Amazon FreeTime Unlimited and Kindle FreeTime Unlimited Terms &amp.
Conditions


Kindle Unlimited Terms of Use


 If you purchase a Kindle e-reader or Fire tablet using monthly payments, then you agree to the following terms:


Monthly Payments Terms and Conditions 

If you place an order for or register any Fire tablet with Special Offers device or the Amazon app suite, you also agree to the following additional terms: 


Limited-Time Special Offers Promotional Discount Terms &amp.
Conditions


Special Offer Text Notifications Terms &amp.
Conditions


If you place an order for or register any Fire tablet or the Amazon app suite, you also agree to the following additional terms, with the exception of the Amazon Video Terms of Use, which you agree to by clicking Watch Now, Buy, Rent, or their equivalent on the Amazon Video service.


Amazon Music Terms of Use 

Amazon Video Terms of Use 

Amazon Appstore for Android Terms of Use


Amazon Silk Terms &amp.
Conditions 
 Amazon Mobile Shopping Terms of Use 

Amazon GameCircle Terms of Use 

IMDb Terms of Use 

Amazon Coins Terms


Amazon Maps Terms of Use

 Kindle E-Reader and Fire Tablet FAQs 

Location Services FAQ


Firefly FAQ


Backup and Restore FAQ


Saving Your Wi-Fi Passwords to Amazon FAQs


  Amazon Drive and Prime Photos Terms of Use Last Updated: April 5, 2018

 Amazon Drive and Prime Photos Terms of Use

 This is an agreement between you and Amazon Digital Services LLC (together with its affiliates, “Amazon”, “we”, or “us”) regarding the Amazon Drive and Prime Photos services and associated software (the “Services”).
Before using the Services, please read these Terms of Use, all rules and policies related to the Services (including any service plan specific rules, usage restrictions, and other conditions or procedures that we post or update on or through the Services or on Amazon.com), the Amazon.com Privacy Notice and the Amazon.com Conditions of Use posted on Amazon.com (collectively, the “Agreement”).
If you use the Services, you will be bound by the Agreement.
 1.
The Amazon Drive and Prime Photos Services

 1.1 The Services.
The Services provide storage, retrieval, management, printing, and access features and functionality for your photos, videos, and other files (“Your Files”).
The Services may provide auto-organization features and functionality, including features and functionality that allow you to sort your photos by the people, objects, and scenes in those photos and the metadata associated with those photos.
When enabled, you agree that the Services may use image recognition technology to group together photos containing people with similar facial characteristics, and to organize and tag your photos.
We retain image recognition data, including data about the faces, in the photos you store using the Services until you disable the image recognition features or your account’s access to the Services is terminated.
If your image recognition features are disabled, we will stop storing image recognition data for you, and we will not tag any new photos uploaded to your account.
Image recognition features are enabled automatically when you begin using the Services unless the billing information associated with your account indicates that you may be an Illinois resident, in which case the image recognition features will be disabled and must be enabled by you.
You may enable or disable the Services’ image recognition features through your account settings here.
You can learn more about the Services’ image recognition features in our help content available here.
By using the Services, you are directing us to store, manage, organize, and provide access to Your Files on your behalf.
 1.2 Using Your Files with the Services.
You may only use the Services to store, retrieve, manage, organize, access, share, and print Your Files for personal, non-commercial purposes using the features and functionality we make available.
You may not use the Services to store, transfer, or distribute content of or on behalf of third parties, to operate your own file storage application or service, to operate a photography business or other commercial service, or to resell any part of the Services.
You are solely responsible for Your Files and for complying with all applicable copyright and other laws, including import and export control laws and regulations, and with the terms of any licenses or agreements to which you are bound.
You must ensure that Your Files are free from any malware, viruses, Trojan horses, spyware, worms, or other malicious or harmful code.
When you create a Family Vault, only you will control whether image recognition features are enabled in the Family Vault.
If you enable image recognition features in your Family Vault, you understand that image recognition analysis will be performed on all of the photos stored by members of the Family Vault.
If you are invited to participate in a Prime member’s Family Vault, the Prime member who invited you will control whether image recognition features are enabled for the Family Vault.
If the image recognition features are enabled for the Family Vault, image recognition analysis will be performed on the photos you store through the Services.
If you are a member of a Group, your image recognition settings will not be affected by your membership of a Group or by the image recognition settings of any other Group member (including the person that enabled the Group).
Turning off the image recognition features for your account does not affect any consent that you may have given to others to the use of image recognition features on photos of you.
The Family Vault, Groups and image recognition features may not be available to all customers.
 1.3 Sharing and Printing Your Files.
The Services may provide features that allow you to share Your Files with others, and to comment on files that have been shared with you, including through a Family Vault or Group.
Each member of a Family Vault or Group will be able to share Your Files that you choose to contribute to the Family Vault or Group with others, including individuals that are not members of the Family Vault or Group.
By placing Your Files in a Family Vault or Group, you agree to allow such sharing.
The number of users and type of content shareable in each Family Vault or Group may be limited.
The Services may also provide you with features that allow you to submit Your Files for printing by Amazon or our third party contractors.
You may only share or order prints of Your Files in which you have all necessary copyright and other rights.
If you share or print a file, anyone with access to that file may view and download copies of the file.
You are solely responsible for how you share Your Files and who may access Your Files that you share.
You may not share, or order prints of Your Files, whether in electronic or tangible print form, or make comments on files that have been shared with you through the Services (a) that are or that contain defamatory, threatening, abusive, pornographic, or otherwise objectionable material, (b) that advocate bigotry, hatred, or illegal discrimination, or (c) that violates any law, any intellectual property, publicity, privacy, or other right of others, or any license or other agreement by which you are bound.
1.4 Third Party Services.
The Services may allow you to give third party websites, apps, and services (“Third Party Services”) access to Your Files, including the ability to make copies of Your Files, print, modify, or delete Your Files, or create new files on your behalf.
The use and storage of Your Files by Third Party Services will be governed by their privacy policies and terms.
Amazon has no responsibility or liability with respect to your use of Third Party Services or the content, functionality, or acts of Third Party Services you use.
You may manage and revoke access for Third Party Services through the settings menu in your account.
 2.
Service Plans

 2.1 Service Plans.
Trial Plans.
The Services may offer plans with different limits and fees (each a “Service Plan”).
We may also offer trial or promotional Service Plans (“Trial Plans”).
Some Trial Plans automatically convert to a paid Service Plan at its regular price at the end of the trial or promotional period unless you choose not to upgrade.
If you sign up for a Trial Plan that automatically upgrades, we will charge the payment method you provided us at the time you signed up from the Trial Plan (or if that payment method is invalid, another eligible payment method we have on record for you) at the end of the Trial Plan unless you choose to cancel.
Trial Plans are subject to the Agreement except as otherwise stated in the applicable offer, and may be subject to additional terms described in the offer.
 2.2 Fees.
The price stated for each Service Plan does not include any taxes that we may charge.
Unless you violate the terms of the Agreement, you may receive a pro-rated refund if you chose to cancel your plan prior to its expiration based on the number of full days remaining in your Service Plan.
 2.3 Changing Your Service Plan.
If you upgrade your Service Plan, the upgrade will take effect immediately.
Unless otherwise specified at the time of your upgrade, we will provide you a pro-rated refund of the fee paid for your prior Service Plan based on the number of full days remaining in your prior Service Plan, we will charge you the applicable fee for your new Service Plan, and your new Service Plan term will begin at the time of your payment.
If you downgrade your Service Plan, the downgrade will take effect immediately.
Unless otherwise specified at the time of your downgrade, we will provide you a pro-rated refund of the fee paid for your prior Service Plan based on the number of full days remaining in your prior Service Plan, we will charge you the applicable fee for your new Service Plan, and your new Service Plan term will begin at the time of your payment.
If you no longer have a Service Plan or exceed your Service Plan's storage limit, including by downgrading or not renewing your Service Plan or no longer qualifying for an Additional Benefit (as described below), we may delete or restrict access to Your Files, or limit your account functionality.
For more information on what may happen to Your Files if your storage exceeds your Service Plan's storage limits, see our help content here.
 2.4 Automatic Renewal.
UNLESS YOU NOTIFY US BEFORE RENEWAL THAT YOU WANT TO CANCEL OR YOU SET YOUR SERVICE ACCOUNT TO NOT AUTO RENEW, YOUR PAID SERVICE PLAN WILL AUTOMATICALLY RENEW AT THE END OF ITS TERM, AND YOU AUTHORIZE US (WITHOUT NOTICE, UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW) TO COLLECT THE THEN-APPLICABLE FEE AND ANY TAXES FOR THE RENEWAL PLAN, USING ANY ELIGIBLE PAYMENT METHOD WE HAVE ON RECORD FOR YOU.
Service Plan fees and features may change over time.
Your renewal plan will be the one we choose as being closest to your Service Plan.
2.5 Additional Service Benefits.
We may offer additional Service benefits, such as incremental storage capacity or free storage of certain file types, including in connection with other products and services, such as Amazon Prime (“Additional Benefits”).
Additional Benefits are separate from any Service Plan and are subject to any additional terms and conditions provided with the Additional Benefits or the applicable product or service.
 3.
Use of the Services

 3.1 Use of Your Amazon.com Account.
You may only use your Service Plan in connection with one Amazon.com account.
You may not share your Amazon.com username and password with others or use anyone else’s Amazon.com username and password.
You are responsible for maintaining appropriate security and protection of Your Files.
 3.2 Usage Restrictions and Limits.
The Services are offered in the United States.
We may restrict access from other locations.
There may be limits on the types of content you can store and share using the Services, such as file types we do not support, and on the number or type of devices you can use to access the Services.
We may impose other restrictions on use of the Services.
 3.3 Our Use of Your Files.
We may use, access, and retain Your Files in order to provide the Services to you, enforce the terms of the Agreement, and improve our services, and you give us all permissions we need to do so.
These permissions include, for example, the rights to copy Your Files, modify Your Files to enable access in different formats, use information about Your Files to organize them on your behalf, and access Your Files to provide technical support.
Amazon respects your privacy and Your Files are subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice located here.
 4.
Software

 4.1 Use of the Software.
We may make available to you software for your use in connection with the Services (the “Software”).
Terms contained in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use apply to your use of the Software.
For additional terms that apply to certain third party software, click here or see the Legal, Third Party Licenses or similar setting in the Settings menu of the Software.
 4.2 Information Provided to Amazon.
The Services and the Software may provide Amazon with information relating to your use and the performance of the Services and the Software, as well as information regarding the devices on which you download and use the Services and the Software.
For example, this information may include the device type, mobile network connectivity, location of the device, information about when the Software is launched, individual session lengths for use of the Services, content used through the Services, or occurrences of technical errors.
Any information we receive is subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice.
 5.
Changes.
Suspension and Termination

 5.1 Changes.
We may change, suspend, or discontinue the Services, or any part of them, at any time without notice.
If we discontinue the Services, we will give you a prorated refund of any fees paid for your Service Plan based on the number of full days remaining in your Service Plan.
 5.2 Suspension and Termination.
Your rights under the Agreement will automatically terminate without notice if you fail to comply with its terms.
We may terminate the Agreement or restrict, suspend, or terminate your use of the Services at our discretion without notice at any time, including if we determine that your use violates the Agreement (including repeat copyright infringement), is improper, substantially exceeds or differs from normal use by other users, or otherwise involves fraud or misuse of the Services or harms our interests or those of another user of the Services.
If your Service Plan is restricted, suspended, or terminated, you may be unable to access Your Files, you will not receive any refund of fees or any other compensation, and Your Files may be deleted in accordance with our data retention policies available here.
 6.
General

 6.1 No Waiver.
Our failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any of our rights.
 6.2 Amendment.
We may amend the Agreement at our sole discretion by posting the revised terms in the Services or on Amazon.com, but any increase in fees will not affect the cost of your Service Plan during its term.
Your continued use of the Services or the Software after any amendment evidences your agreement to be bound by it.
 6.3 Contact Information.
Copyright Notices.
For communications concerning the Agreement, please write to Amazon Digital Services, LLC, Attn: Legal Department, P.O.
Box 81226, Seattle, WA 98108-1226 or 410 Terry Avenue North Seattle, WA 98109 (courier).
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow the Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement specified in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use.
 6.4 Disputes/Binding Arbitration.
Any dispute or claim arising from or relating to the Agreement or the Services is subject to the binding arbitration, governing law, disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability and all other terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use at
www.amazon.com/conditionsofuse.
You agree to those terms by entering into the Agreement or using the Services.

 6.5 Limitations of Liability.
Without limiting the disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use: (a) in no event will our or our software licensors’ total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) arising out of or related to your use or inability to use the Software exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00).
(b) in no event will our total liability to you for all damages arising from your use of the Services or information, materials, or products included on or otherwise made available to you through the Services (excluding the Software), exceed the amount you paid for the Services related to your claim for damages.
and (c) we have no liability for any loss, damage, or misappropriation of Your Files under any circumstances or for any consequences related to changes, restrictions, suspensions, or termination of the Services or the Agreement.
These limitations will apply to you even if the remedies fail of their essential purpose.
 6.6 Notice to Illinois Residents.
The image recognition features of the Services are not initially enabled for residents of the State of Illinois.
If you are an Illinois resident and (a) wish to use the image recognition features of the Services for the photos stored in your account or in a Family Vault that you create, or (b) you accept an invitation to join a Family Vault for which image recognition is enabled, you understand that image recognition analysis will be performed on the photos stored in your account or that are contributed by you to the Family Vault, and you represent to us that you have obtained the informed written consent of the individuals in the photos stored in your account permitting us to use image recognition analysis on photos of them.
If you are an Illinois resident, you are also required to read and agree to the important legal information regarding your use of such features here. 
  Amazon Device Terms of Use 
Last updated: June 7, 2018

This is an agreement between you and Amazon Digital Services LLC (with its affiliates, "Amazon" or "we").
Please read these Amazon Device Terms of Use, the Amazon.com Privacy Notice (www.amazon.com/privacy), the Amazon.com Conditions of Use (www.amazon.com/conditionsofuse), and the other applicable rules, policies, and terms available at the Amazon.com website, or on or through the Amazon Device or its companion app (collectively, this "Agreement") before using the Amazon Device.
By using the Amazon Device, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.
If you do not accept the terms of this Agreement, then you may not use the Amazon Device, and you may return it in accordance with the applicable return policy.
You may need your own Amazon.com account to register and use your Amazon Device, and you may be required to be logged in to the account and have a valid payment method associated with it.
Your use of any of the Services is subject to any additional rules, policies and terms that apply to those Services.
For the purpose of these Amazon Device Terms of Use:
"Amazon Device" means Kindle e-readers, Fire tablets, Amazon Fire TV devices (but, for clarity, not Fire TV Edition televisions), Amazon Echo devices, Amazon Tap, Amazon Dash Button, Amazon Dash Wand, Amazon Cloud Cam, and, in each case, any Amazon accessories for these devices.
"Digital Content" means digitized content (including third-party content), such as books, newspapers, magazines, journals, music, videos, apps, games, skills, photos, audio, and related features and functionality.
"Services" means our provision of Digital Content, Software, and support and other services that we provide Amazon Device users, including the wireless connectivity that we provide Kindle users.
"Software" means all software we make available to you for use on an Amazon Device, but excludes third-party Digital Content.

1.
Features and Software


a.
Location Services. Your Amazon Device may have a feature that allows maps, other applications, and Amazon to use and access location and related information from your device.
Learn more about location services at www.amazon.com/locationservices/faq.
If you are using location services on your Amazon Device for navigation, you are solely responsible for driving safely, observing all traffic rules, and using your own judgment while driving and selecting routes.
Amazon does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any location services.

b.
Backup and Restore. Your Amazon Device may have a feature that backs up to the cloud certain data on your device, including account settings, notes, email and wireless configurations, bookmarks, search history, communications, and call history, so that you can restore that data later to an Amazon Device.
Learn more about backup and restore at www.amazon.com/backup/faq.

c.
Voice Services. Your Amazon Device may have features that allow you to access Alexa voice services or otherwise use your voice to perform certain tasks, such as check the weather, add a calendar entry, perform a search, or operate other connected products.
When you use voice services, we may process your voice input and other information (such as location) in the cloud to respond to your requests and to improve your experience and our products and services.
Your use of Alexa is subject to the Alexa Terms of Use (www.amazon.com/alexa/terms).
Learn more about Alexa voice services and how it works at www.amazon.com/alexa/voice, including wake word processing, and how to delete voice recordings associated with your account.

d.
Other Image, Video, and Audio Services. Some Amazon Devices, such as Echo Look, Amazon Cloud Cam, or Amazon Devices with Firefly, have features that allow you to capture images, video, or audio.
When you use these features, we may process and store your captured images, video, or audio in the cloud to provide and improve our products and services.
For some Amazon Devices and features, we may limit cloud storage or offer service plans with different storage limits and fees.
Learn more about Echo Look, including how to delete photos and video associated with your account, at www.amazon.com/echolook/faq.
Learn more about Firefly, including how to delete images and audio associated with your account, at www.amazon.com/firefly/faq.
Learn more about Cloud Cam, including how to delete recordings associated with your account at www.amazon.com/help/amazoncloudcam/faq.https://www.amazon.com/help/amazoncloudcam/faq


e.
Use of the Software. Except as provided in this section, you may use the Software only on an Amazon Device.
For additional terms that apply to the Software, see the Additional Amazon Software Terms contained in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use (www.amazon.com/conditionsofuse) and the terms contained in the Legal or similar section in the Settings menu of your Amazon Device or companion app.
Software licensed under an open source license is governed solely by the terms of that open source license.

2.
Connectivity and Availability


 a.
Internet and Wireless Connectivity. Your Amazon Device may require an Internet connection or data plan from a third-party provider in order to use some features.
In such cases, your Internet connection or data plan is subject to the fees, restrictions, terms and limitations imposed by your provider.

b.
Availability. Some Services may be unavailable, vary (by device or geography, for example), be offered for a limited time, or require separate subscriptions.
In addition, if your Amazon Device requires wireless data services and is located in an area where it cannot access such services, you may not be able to use some or all of the Services or other features of your Amazon Device.
We are not responsible for the unavailability of wireless data services or any corresponding loss of Services.

c.
Kindle e-Reader Connectivity. The Kindle e-Reader uses wireless connectivity to allow you to shop for, download, browse and use Digital Content.
If your Kindle is not subject to a data plan or other third-party fees, we generally do not charge you for use of wireless connectivity.
However, your Kindle may use wireless connectivity to make other services available to you for which we may charge you a fee, such as personal file download and subscriptions when you are located in another country.
The fees and terms for such services are available at the Amazon.com website or on or through your Kindle and may change from time to time.
You may use the wireless connectivity provided by us only in connection with Digital Content, Software, and support and other services that we provide Kindle users as permitted by this Agreement and not for any other purpose.
Events beyond our reasonable control (such as changes in service or terms by wireless carriers) may impact the terms or circumstances under which we provide you wireless connectivity and may result in a temporary or permanent modification or loss of wireless connectivity for your Kindle.

3.
General


a.
Information Received. The Software will provide Amazon with information about use of your Amazon Device and its interaction with Digital Content and the Services (such as last page read, content archiving, available memory, up-time, log files, network diagnostics, content usage, search queries, location, voice information, connectivity and signal strength).
Information provided to Amazon may be processed in the cloud to improve your experience and our products and services, and may be stored on servers outside the country in which you live.
We will handle any information we receive in accordance with the Amazon.com Privacy Notice (www.amazon.com/privacy).

b.
Information Provided To Others. You are responsible for any information you provide to others, including third-party Digital Content providers, using an Amazon Device.
Use of information you provide to these third parties will be subject to any privacy notice or other terms that they may provide to you.

c.
Changes to Services.
Amendments. We may change, suspend, or discontinue the Services, or any part of them, at any time without notice.
We may amend any of this Agreement's terms at our sole discretion by posting the revised terms on the Amazon.com website.
Your continued use of the Amazon Device after the effective date of the revised Agreement constitutes your acceptance of the terms.

d.
Termination. Your rights under this Agreement will automatically terminate without notice if you fail to comply with any of its terms.
In case of such termination, Amazon may immediately revoke your access to the Services without refund of any fees.
Amazon's failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any of its rights.

e.
Disputes/Binding Arbitration.
Any dispute or claim arising from or relating to this Agreement, an Amazon Device, the Software, the Digital Content, or the Services is subject to the binding arbitration, governing law, disclaimer of warranties, limitation of liability, and all other terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use (www.amazon.com/conditionsofuse).
You agree to those terms by entering into this Agreement or using an Amazon Device or the Services.


f.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability.
Without limiting the Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use, (1) unless otherwise provided by Amazon, your Amazon Device may be subject to a limited warranty, and (2) unless otherwise required by applicable law, in no event will our or our licensors' aggregate liability for any claim arising from or relating to this Agreement or use of your Amazon Device with respect to any claim exceed the greater of fifty dollars ($50.00) and the amount you actually paid for your Amazon Device.


g.
Contact Information. For help with your Amazon Device, the Services, Digital Content, Software or resolving other issues, please contact Customer Service at www.amazon.com/contact-us/ (or by email at devicetou-support@amazon.com). 
  Saving Your Wi-Fi Passwords to Amazon FAQs 
1.
What's the benefit of saving my Wi-Fi passwords to Amazon?

Once you save your Wi-Fi passwords to Amazon, we can configure your compatible devices so that you won’t need to re-enter your Wi-Fi passwords on each device.

2.
Are my Wi-Fi passwords secure?

Once saved to Amazon, your Wi-Fi passwords are sent over a secured connection and are stored in an encrypted file on an Amazon server.
Amazon will only use your Wi-Fi passwords to connect your compatible devices and will not share them with any third party without your permission.
Amazon handles any information it receives, including your Wi-Fi passwords, in accordance with the Amazon.com Privacy Notice .

3.
Can I choose not to save my password?

Yes, you can opt out of this feature when connecting your device to a Wi-Fi network.

4.
What should I do if I change my Wi-Fi passwords?

You can save your updated Wi-Fi passwords to Amazon by re-running any compatible device through its Wi-Fi setup process.
Once reconnected to your Wi-Fi network, your updated Wi-Fi password will be automatically saved to Amazon.


5.
How do I delete my Wi-Fi passwords from Amazon?

To delete Wi-Fi passwords saved to Amazon using your web browser: 



Go to Manage Your Content and Devices


Click the Settings tab.


Under Saved Wi-Fi Passwords, click Delete.




To delete Wi-Fi passwords saved to Amazon from your compatible Kindle e-reader: 



Tap the Menu icon from the Home screen, and then tap Settings.


Tap Device Options, and then tap Advanced Options.


Tap Delete Saved Wi-Fi Passwords, and then tap Delete to confirm.



 
  Kindle Store Terms of Use 


Last updated: October 5, 2016

 This is an agreement between you and Amazon Digital Services LLC (with its affiliates, "Amazon", "we" or "us").
Please read these Amazon Kindle Terms of Use, the Amazon.com Privacy Notice , the Amazon.com Conditions of Use, and the other applicable rules, policies, and terms posted on the Amazon.com website or the Kindle Store or provided with any Service (collectively, this "Agreement") before purchasing or using any aspect of the Service.
By using the Kindle Store, purchasing or using any Kindle Content, using any Kindle Application, or using any aspect of the Service, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.
If you do not accept the terms of this Agreement, then you may not use the Kindle Store, any Kindle Content, any Kindle Application or the Service.

For the purposes of this Agreement: 
 "Content Provider" means the party offering Kindle Content in the Kindle Store, which may be us or a third party.
"Kindle Applications" means software we make available that permits users to shop for, download, browse, or use the Kindle Store or Kindle Content on a Supported Device.
 "Kindle Content" means digitized content obtained through the Kindle Store, such as books, newspapers, magazines, and other content.

 "Kindle Store" means our stores, on Kindle Applications and on our website, the homepage of which is located at www.amazon.com/kindlestore.

"Subscription Content" means Kindle Content made available for access only for so long as you remain an active member of a subscription or membership program, such as Kindle Unlimited or Amazon Prime.
"Service" means the provision of the Kindle Store, Kindle Content, Kindle Application, and support and other services that we provide Kindle Store, Kindle Content, and Kindle Application users.
"Supported Device" means a mobile, computer or other supported electronic device on which you are authorized to operate a Kindle Application.

1.
Kindle Content


Use of Kindle Content. Upon your download or access of Kindle Content and payment of any applicable fees (including applicable taxes), the Content Provider grants you a non-exclusive right to view, use, and display such Kindle Content an unlimited number of times (for Subscription Content, only as long as you remain an active member of the underlying membership or subscription program), solely through a Kindle Application or as otherwise permitted as part of the Service, solely on the number of Supported Devices specified in the Kindle Store, and solely for your personal, non-commercial use.
Kindle Content is licensed, not sold, to you by the Content Provider.
The Content Provider may include additional terms for use within its Kindle Content.
Those terms will also apply, but this Agreement will govern in the event of a conflict.
Some Kindle Content, such as interactive or highly formatted content, may not be available to you on all Kindle Applications.

 Limitations.
Unless specifically indicated otherwise, you may not sell, rent, lease, distribute, broadcast, sublicense, or otherwise assign any rights to the Kindle Content or any portion of it to any third party, and you may not remove or modify any proprietary notices or labels on the Kindle Content.
In addition, you may not attempt to bypass, modify, defeat, or otherwise circumvent any digital rights management system or other content protection or features used as part of the Service.

Book Returns and Subscription Cancellations Terminations.You may return a book you purchase from the Kindle Store or cancel newspaper and magazine subscriptions as permitted in our return and cancellation policy in the Kindle Store.
A newspaper or magazine subscription may be terminated at any time, for example, if a magazine is no longer available.
If a magazine or newspaper subscription is terminated before the end of its term, you will receive a prorated refund.
We reserve the right to change newspaper and magazine subscription terms and fees from time to time, effective as of the beginning of the next subscription term.

Risk of Loss. Risk of loss for Kindle Content transfers when you download or access the Kindle Content.

 2.
Use of Kindle Applications. You may use the Kindle Applications only on Supported Devices.
For additional terms that apply to the Kindle Applications, see the Additional Amazon Software Terms contained in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use and the terms contained in the Legal or similar section in the Settings menu of your Kindle Application.

3.
General


Information Provided to Amazon.The Kindle Application will provide Amazon with information about use of your Kindle Application and its interaction with Kindle Content and the Service (such as last page read, content archiving, available memory, up-time, log files, and signal strength).
Information provided to Amazon may be stored on servers outside the country in which you live.
We will handle any information we receive in accordance with the Amazon.com Privacy Notice.

Information Provided To Others.You are responsible for any information you provide to others using the Service.
Use of information you provide to these third parties will be subject to any privacy notice or other terms that they may provide to you.

Termination.
Your rights under this Agreement will automatically terminate if you fail to comply with any term of this Agreement.
In case of such termination, you must cease all use of the Service, and Amazon may immediately revoke your access to the Service without refund of any fees.
Amazon's failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any of its rights.

Changes to Service.
Amendments.We may change, suspend, or discontinue the Service, in whole or in part, including adding or removing Subscription Content from a Service, at any time without notice.
We may amend any of this Agreement's terms at our sole discretion by posting the revised terms on the Amazon.com website.
Your continued use of the Kindle Application or any aspect of the Service after the effective date of the revised Agreement terms constitutes your acceptance of the terms.

Disputes/Binding Arbitration.
Any dispute or claim arising from or relating to this Agreement or the Service is subject to the binding arbitration, governing law, disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability and all other terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use.
You agree to those terms by entering into this Agreement, using the Kindle Store, purchasing or using Kindle Content, or using any aspect of the Service.


Limitation of Liability.
Without limiting the Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use, (1) in no event will our or our software licensors' total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) arising out of or related to your use or inability to use the Kindle Application exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00).
and (2) in no event will our or any other Content Provider's aggregate liability to you for all damages arising from your use of the Service (excluding the Kindle Application) exceed the amount you actually paid for the Kindle Content or for the aspect of the Service related to your claim for damages.
These limitations will apply to you even if the remedies fail of their essential purpose.


Contact Information. For help with your Kindle Application, the Service, the Kindle Store, Kindle Content, or resolving other issues, please contact Customer Service at www.amazon.com/contact-us/ (or by email at kindle-cs-support@amazon.com).
 For communications concerning this Agreement, please write to Amazon, Attn: Legal Department, P.O.
Box 81226, Seattle, WA 98108-1226. 
  Interest-Based Ads 

On both Amazon-owned and operated sites and unaffiliated sites, Amazon displays interest-based advertising using information you make available to us when you interact with our sites, content, or services.
Interest-based ads, also sometimes referred to as personalized or targeted ads, are displayed to you based on information from activities such as purchasing on our sites, visiting sites that contain Amazon content or ads, interacting with Amazon tools, or using our payment services.
Click here for more information about the types of information that we gather.
In providing interest-based ads, we follow the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising developed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (a coalition of marketing, online advertising, and consumer advocacy organizations).
Like other online ad networks, we use cookies, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies (collectively, “cookies”).
Cookies enable us to learn about what ads you see, what ads you click, and other actions you take on our sites and other sites.
This allows us to provide you with more useful and relevant ads.
For example, if we know what ads you are shown we can be careful not to show you the same ones repeatedly.
We do not associate your interaction with unaffiliated sites with your identity in providing you with interest-based ads.
We do not provide any personal information to advertisers or to third party sites that display our interest-based ads.
However, advertisers and other third-parties (including the ad networks, ad-serving companies, and other service providers they may use) may assume that users who interact with or click on a personalized ad or content are part of the group that the ad or content is directed towards (for example, users in the Pacific Northwest who bought or browsed for classical music).
Also, some third-parties may provide us information about you (such as the sites where you have been shown ads or demographic information) from offline and online sources that we may use to provide you more relevant and useful advertising.
Advertisers or ad companies working on their behalf sometimes use technology to serve the ads that appear on our sites directly to your browser.
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens.
They may also use cookies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize ad content.
We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that advertisers and third party sites may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third party websites are not covered by our Privacy Notice or this Interest-Based Ads page.
Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices. Advertising Preferences Amazon offers you choices about receiving interest-based ads from us.
You can choose not to receive interest-based ads from Amazon.
You will still see ads but they will not be personalized.
Please visit Advertising Preferences to learn how to set this preference.
You can also generally opt-out of receiving personalized ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI website and DAA website. 
  Amazon Privacy Notice 


Last updated: August 29, 2017. To see what has changed, click here .

Amazon.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.
This notice describes our privacy policy.
By visiting Amazon.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.


 What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon.com Gather? 
 What About Cookies? 
 Does Amazon.com Share the Information It Receives? 
 How Secure Is Information About Me? 
 What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites? 
 Which Information Can I Access? 
 What Choices Do I Have? 
 Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.com? 
 EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield 
 Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions 
 Examples of Information Collected 


 What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon.com Gather? The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your Amazon experience.
Here are the types of information we gather.



Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way.
Click here to see examples of what we collect.
You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.


Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us.
For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Amazon.com or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon.com on other Web sites.
Click here to see examples of the information we receive.


Mobile: When you download or use apps created by Amazon or our subsidiaries, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device.
We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content.
Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services.
For more information about how to do this,click here .


E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Amazon.com if your computer supports such capabilities.
We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers.
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences .


Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
Click here to see examples of the information we receive.

 What About Cookies? 

Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as 1-Click purchasing, Recommended for You , personalized advertisements on other Web sites (e.g., Amazon Associates with content served by Amazon.com and Web sites using Checkout by Amazon payment service), and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.


The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer.
Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.com's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.
For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Amazon.com products and services that require you to Sign in.

 Does Amazon.com Share the Information It Receives? Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others.
We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries Amazon.com, Inc.
controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.



Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We work closely with affiliated businesses.
In some cases, such as Marketplace sellers, these businesses operate stores at Amazon.com or sell offerings to you at Amazon.com.
In other cases, we operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines jointly with these businesses.
Click here for some examples of co-branded and joint offerings.
You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party.


Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf.
Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service.
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.


Promotional Offers: Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Amazon.com customers on behalf of other businesses.
When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address.
If you do not want to receive such offers, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences .


Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units.
In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise).
Also, in the unlikely event that Amazon.com, Inc., or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.


Protection of Amazon.com and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law.
enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements.
or protect the rights, property, or safety of Amazon.com, our users, or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.


With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.

 How Secure Is Information About Me? 

We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.


We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order.
Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.


It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.
Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Click here for more information on how to sign off.

 What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites? Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other Web sites.
For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.com, including personalized or interest-based ads, please read our Interest-Based Ads policy.
 Which Information Can I Access? Amazon.com gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Amazon.com for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
Click here to see some examples, the list of which will change as our Web site evolves.
 What Choices Do I Have? 

As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Amazon.com features as Your Profile, Wish Lists , Customer Reviews, and Amazon Prime.


You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the Which Information Can I Access? section.
When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.


If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences .
(If you do not want to receive Conditions of Use and other legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Notice, those notices will still govern your use of Amazon.com, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.) 

If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you, please adjust your Advertising Preferences .


The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer.
Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.com's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.
For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Amazon.com products and services that require you to Sign in.

 Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.com? Amazon.com does not sell products for purchase by children.
We sell children's products for purchase by adults.
If you are under 18, you may use Amazon.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
For more information, please see our Children's Privacy Disclosure.
 EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield  Amazon.com, Inc.
participates in the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield frameworks.
Click here to learn more.
 Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions If you choose to visit Amazon.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington.
If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon.com, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also.
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes.
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.

Related Practices and Information 

 Conditions of Use 
 Discussion Boards

 Community Rules 
 Help department 
 Most Recent Purchases 
 Your Profile and Community Guidelines 
 Examples of Information Collected 
Information You Give Us

You provide most such information when you search, buy, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with customer service.
For example, you provide information when you search for a product.
place an order through Amazon.com or one of our third-party sellers.
provide information in Your Account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us) or Your Profile .
communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise.
complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form.
use our services such as Amazon Instant Video.
compile Wish Lists or other gift registries.
participate in Discussion Boards or other community features.
provide and rate Reviews.
and employ Product Availability Alerts, such as Available to Order Notifications.
As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers.
credit card information.
people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number.
people (with addresses and phone numbers) listed in 1-Click settings.
e-mail addresses of your friends and other people.
content of reviews and e-mails to us.
personal description and photograph in Your Profile .
and financial information, including Social Security and driver's license numbers.


Automatic Information

Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet.
login.
e-mail address.
password.
computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers .
the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time.
cookie number.
products you viewed or searched for.
and the phone number you used to call our 800 number.
We may also use browser data such as cookies, Flash cookies (also known as Flash Local Shared Objects), or similar data on certain parts of our Web site for fraud prevention and other purposes.
During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes.


Mobile

Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services.
Most likely, these controls are located in the device's settings menu.
For information about specific devices, click here .
If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.


Information from Other Sources

Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.
account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services.
search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the Web search features offered by our subsidiary, Alexa Internet.
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links).
and credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.


Co-branded and Joint Offerings

Examples of businesses with which we offer joint or co-branded products and other offerings include Starbucks, OfficeMax, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, AT&amp;T, J&amp;R Electronics, Eddie Bauer and Northern Tool + Equipment.


Information You Can Access

Examples of information you can access easily at Amazon.com include up-to-date information regarding recent orders.
personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications and personalized advertising preferences, address book, and 1-Click settings).
payment settings (including credit card information and promotional certificate and gift card balances).
e-mail notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Delivers, and newsletters).
Recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations).
shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries).
Seller accounts.
and Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Listmania lists, Reminders, personal profile, and Wish List).
 
  Conditions of Use 
 Last updated: May 21, 2018

Welcome to Amazon.com.
Amazon Services LLC and/or its affiliates ("Amazon") provide website features and other products and services to you when you visit or shop at Amazon.com, use Amazon products or services, use Amazon applications for mobile, or use software provided by Amazon in connection with any of the foregoing (collectively, "Amazon Services").
Amazon provides the Amazon Services subject to the following conditions.
 By using Amazon Services, you agree to these conditions.
Please read them carefully.
We offer a wide range of Amazon Services, and sometimes additional terms may apply.
When you use an Amazon Service (for example, Your Profile, Gift Cards, Amazon Video, Your Media Library, Amazon devices, or Amazon applications) you also will be subject to the guidelines, terms and agreements applicable to that Amazon Service ("Service Terms").
If these Conditions of Use are inconsistent with the Service Terms, those Service Terms will control. PRIVACY
Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your use of Amazon Services, to understand our practices. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you use Amazon Services, or send e-mails, text messages, and other communications from your desktop or mobile device to us, you may be communicating with us electronically.
You consent to receive communications from us electronically, such as e-mails, texts, mobile push notices, or notices and messages on this site or through the other Amazon Services, such as our Message Center, and you can retain copies of these communications for your records.
You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. COPYRIGHT All content included in or made available through any Amazon Service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software is the property of Amazon or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
The compilation of all content included in or made available through any Amazon Service is the exclusive property of Amazon and protected by U.S.
and international copyright laws. TRADEMARKS
 Click here to see a non-exhaustive list of Amazon trademarks.
In addition, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names included in or made available through any Amazon Service are trademarks or trade dress of Amazon in the U.S.
and other countries.
Amazon's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Amazon's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Amazon.
All other trademarks not owned by Amazon that appear in any Amazon Service are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Amazon. PATENTS
One or more patents owned by Amazon apply to the Amazon Services and to the features and services accessible via the Amazon Services.
Portions of the Amazon Services operate under license of one or more patents.
Click here to see a non-exhaustive list of applicable Amazon patents and applicable licensed patents.
 LICENSE AND ACCESS
Subject to your compliance with these Conditions of Use and any Service Terms, and your payment of any applicable fees, Amazon or its content providers grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the Amazon Services.
This license does not include any resale or commercial use of any Amazon Service, or its contents.
any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices.
any derivative use of any Amazon Service or its contents.
any downloading, copying, or other use of account information for the benefit of any third party.
or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
All rights not expressly granted to you in these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms are reserved and retained by Amazon or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rightsholders, or other content providers.
No Amazon Service, nor any part of any Amazon Service, may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Amazon.
You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Amazon without express written consent.
You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Amazon's name or trademarks without the express written consent of Amazon.
You may not misuse the Amazon Services.
You may use the Amazon Services only as permitted by law.
The licenses granted by Amazon terminate if you do not comply with these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms. YOUR ACCOUNT
You may need your own Amazon account to use certain Amazon Services, and you may be required to be logged in to the account and have a valid payment method associated with it.
If there is a problem charging your selected payment method, we may charge any other valid payment method associated with your account.
Click here to manage your payment options.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your account, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
Amazon does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card or other permitted payment method.
If you are under 18, you may use the Amazon Services only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Parents and guardians may create profiles for teenagers in their Amazon Household.
Alcohol listings on Amazon are intended for adults.
You must be at least 21 years of age to purchase alcohol, or use any site functionality related to alcohol.
Amazon reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, terminate your rights to use Amazon Services, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion. REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS, AND OTHER CONTENT You may post reviews, comments, photos, videos, and other content.
send e-cards and other communications.
and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights (including publicity rights), or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable, and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam" or unsolicited commercial electronic messages.
You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content.
Amazon reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content.
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Amazon a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media.
You grant Amazon and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose.
You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post.
that the content is accurate.
that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity.
and that you will indemnify Amazon for all claims resulting from content you supply.
Amazon has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content.
Amazon takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY COMPLAINTS
Amazon respects the intellectual property of others.
If you believe that your intellectual property rights are being infringed, please follow our Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement. RISK OF LOSS
All purchases of physical items from Amazon are made pursuant to a shipment contract.
This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. RETURNS, REFUNDS AND TITLE Amazon does not take title to returned items until the item arrives at our fulfillment center.
At our discretion, a refund may be issued without requiring a return.
In this situation, Amazon does not take title to the refunded item.
For more information about our returns and refunds, please see our Returns Center . PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
Amazon attempts to be as accurate as possible.
However, Amazon does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of any Amazon Service is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
If a product offered by Amazon itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
 PRICING "List Price" means the suggested retail price of a product as provided by a manufacturer, supplier, or seller.
We regularly check List Prices against prices recently found on Amazon and other retailers.
Certain products may have a "Was Price" displayed, which is determined using recent price history of the product on Amazon.
With respect to items sold by Amazon, we cannot confirm the price of an item until you order.
Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalog may be mispriced.
If the correct price of an item sold by Amazon is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
Other merchants may follow different policies in the event of a mispriced item.

We generally do not charge your credit card until after your order has entered the shipping process or, for digital products, until we make the digital product available to you. APP PERMISSIONS
When you use apps created by Amazon, such as the Amazon App or Kindle App, you may grant certain permissions to us for your device.
Most mobile devices provide you with information about these permissions.
To learn more about these permissions, click here .
 SANCTIONS AND EXPORT POLICY
You may not use any Amazon Service if you are the subject of U.S.
sanctions or of sanctions consistent with U.S.
law imposed by the governments of the country where you are using Amazon Services.
You must comply with all U.S.
or other export and re-export restrictions that may apply to goods, software (including Amazon Software), technology, and services. OTHER BUSINESSES
Parties other than Amazon operate stores, provide services or software, or sell product lines through the Amazon Services.
In addition, we provide links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses.
If you purchase any of the products or services offered by these businesses or individuals, you are purchasing directly from those third parties, not from Amazon.
We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant, the offerings of any of these businesses or individuals (including the content of their Web sites).
Amazon does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties.
You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.
 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY THE AMAZON SERVICES AND ALL INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) AND OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE AMAZON SERVICES ARE PROVIDED BY AMAZON ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING.
AMAZON MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE AMAZON SERVICES, OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE AMAZON SERVICES, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE AMAZON SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, AMAZON DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
AMAZON DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE AMAZON SERVICES, INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE AMAZON SERVICES, AMAZON'S SERVERS OR ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS SENT FROM AMAZON ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, AMAZON WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF ANY AMAZON SERVICE, OR FROM ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH ANY AMAZON SERVICE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. DISPUTES

Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of any Amazon Service, or to any products or services sold or distributed by Amazon or through Amazon.com will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify.
The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement.

There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited.
However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these Conditions of Use as a court would.

To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent Corporation Service Company, 300 Deschutes Way SW, Suite 304, Tumwater, WA 98501.
The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes.
The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules.
We will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.
Likewise, Amazon will not seek attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.
You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.

We each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial.
We also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights. APPLICABLE LAW By using any Amazon Service, you agree that the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of Washington, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Amazon. SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVERABILITY
Please review our other policies, such as our pricing policy, posted on this site.
These policies also govern your use of Amazon Services.
We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, Service Terms, and these Conditions of Use at any time.
If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition. OUR ADDRESS 
Amazon.com, Inc.
P.O.
Box 81226
Seattle, WA 98108-1226 https://www.amazon.com 
 ADDITIONAL AMAZON SOFTWARE TERMS The following terms (“Software Terms”) apply to any software (including any updates or upgrades to the software) and any related documentation we make available to you in connection with Amazon Services (the "Amazon Software").




 Use of the Amazon Software. You may use Amazon Software solely for purposes of enabling you to use the Amazon Services as provided by Amazon, and as permitted by these Conditions of Use and any Service Terms.
You may not incorporate any portion of the Amazon Software into other programs or compile any portion of it in combination with other programs, or otherwise copy (except to exercise rights granted in this section), modify, create derivative works of, distribute, assign any rights to, or license the Amazon Software in whole or in part.
All software used in any Amazon Service is the property of Amazon or its software suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.


Use of Third Party Services. When you use the Amazon Software, you may also be using the services of one or more third parties, such as a wireless carrier or a mobile software provider.
Your use of these third party services may be subject to the separate policies, terms of use, and fees of these third parties.


No Reverse Engineering. You may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, tamper with, or bypass any security associated with the Amazon Software, whether in whole or in part.


Updates. We may offer automatic or manual updates to the Amazon Software at any time and without notice to you.


Government End Users. If you are a U.S.
Government end user, we are licensing the Amazon Software to you as a "Commercial Item" as that term is defined in the U.S.
Code of Federal Regulations (see 48 C.F.R.
§ 2.101), and the rights we grant you to the Amazon Software are the same as the rights we grant to all others under these Conditions of Use.


Conflicts. In the event of any conflict between these Conditions of Use and any other Amazon or third-party terms applicable to any portion of Amazon Software, such as open-source license terms, such other terms will control as to that portion of the Amazon Software and to the extent of the conflict.



 HOW TO SERVE A SUBPOENA OR OTHER LEGAL PROCESS
Amazon accepts service of subpoenas or other legal process only through Amazon’s national registered agent, Corporation Service Company (CSC).
Subpoenas or other legal process may be served by sending them to CSC at the following address:

Amazon.com, Inc.
Corporation Service Company
300 Deschutes Way SW, Suite 304
Tumwater, WA 98501
Attn: Legal Department – Legal Process 

Please note also that providing detailed and accurate information at the outset will facilitate efficient processing of your request.
That information will include, for example, e-mail and/or credit card number used to make purchases for retail purchase information.
the name, e-mail, and physical address of a seller for seller information.
device serial number for Amazon devices.
and IP address and complete time stamps.
 NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed, please submit your complaint using our online form.
This form may be used to report all types of intellectual property claims including, but not limited to, copyright, trademark, and patent claims.
We respond quickly to the concerns of rights owners about any alleged infringement, and we terminate repeat infringers in appropriate circumstances.
We offer the following alternative to our online form for copyright complaints only.
You may submit written claims of copyright infringement to our Copyright Agent at: 

Copyright Agent
Amazon.com Legal Department
P.O.
Box 81226
Seattle, WA 98108
phone: (206) 266-4064
e-mail: copyright@amazon.com Courier address:
Copyright Agent
Amazon.com Legal Department
2021 7th Avenue
Seattle, WA 98121
USA 

Written claims concerning copyright infringement must include the following information: 


A physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest.


A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon.


A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site.


Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address.


A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and


A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.



 
