 
Cookie Policy UPDATED ON NOVEMBER 15, 2018
A.
USE OF COOKIES
Our websites (Anki.com or the online shop within our app Anki OVERDRIVE, and emails we send to you, collectively referred to as "websites") use cookies and similar technologies such as counting pixels, web beacons, transparent GIF graphics, JavaScript and local storage.
Below we simply refer to these cookies and similar technologies as "cookies".
We use cookies to give our visitors the best possible experience.
We provide personalized information, store your marketing and product preferences and help you find the right information.
 B.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are small files - usually consisting of letters and numbers - that are stored on your computer, tablet, phone or similar device when you use this device to visit a website.
The use of cookies is widely used by website operators to make their websites work, work more efficiently, and provide analytics.
The different types of cookies we use on our website are the following:

Performance cookies.
These cookies are necessary for our website to function (for example, to allow you to log in to protected areas of our website, e.g.
your Anki account, or to use a shopping cart).
They allow you to navigate through the websites and to use the functions there.
Disabling these cookies affects the performance of the websites.
then certain features and services may be unavailable.
Analysis and Performance Cookies.
These cookies enable us to analyze activities on our website in order to improve and optimize the operation of our website.
For example, we may use these types of cookies to ensure that visitors can easily find the information they are looking for on our websites.
This is done, among other things, by identifying and tracking the number of visitors and observing how they navigate our website when they use them.
Analytics cookies also help us measure how effective our advertising campaigns are, thus improving our advertising campaigns and optimizing the content of our websites for those who respond to our advertising.
Functional Cookies.
These cookies are used to recognize you when you return to our websites.
That way, we can personalize our content, greet you by name, and remember your preferences (such as your language selection or region).
Advertising cookies.
These cookies record your Internet activity, including your visits to our websites, the pages you visit, and the links and advertisements that you clicked.
Among other things, this should help us to make the content displayed on our websites more interesting for you.
It is also designed to enable us and our service providers to send you advertisements or other communications that better match your identifiable interests.
When we and our service providers take these actions, partners such as publishers, data management platforms, and demand-side platforms are also involved to help us with data management.
For example, if you look at products on one of our websites, we can display an advertisement for such or similar products and services on our websites or on other websites.
We and our service providers and affiliates may also add other information, including information obtained from third parties, to the information collected by these cookies, and share that information with third parties so that they can display your advertising.
 C.
WHAT COOKIES DOES ANKI USE?
We use cookies for the following purposes:

to assist us and others in obtaining information about your visits to the Websites;
to process your orders;
to analyze your visit behavior and thus to improve our website;
to notify you about advertisements, communications and content from us and third parties based on your interests on our websites and those of third parties;
to remember your language selection and other preferences;
to provide secure and secure Internet commerce services;
to measure how many people use our websites and how they use them to keep our websites running efficiently and to help us better understand the visitors to our websites.

D.
HOW LONG DO YOU STORE COOKIES ON MY DEVICE?
There are two different types of cookies:

Session cookies are active from the time you visit a website until the end of that particular browser session.
These cookies expire and are automatically deleted when you close your Internet browser.
Persistent cookies stay between browser sessions on your device - they do not expire when you close your browser.
The period of time that a persistent cookie stays on your device varies from cookie to cookie.
We use persistent cookies to store your preferences so they are available on the next visit, and to keep track of how often you visit our web pages, how often you return, how your use of the web pages may change over time, and to measure how effective advertising measures are.

E.
WHO SAVES THE COOKIES ON MY DEVICE?
Cookies may be stored on your device either by Anki - in this case they are called "first party cookies" - or by third parties, so-called "third party cookies".
Below is a detailed description of the third party cookies on our site.
We may update this list periodically.
Performance Cookies

Google Tag Manager: Our websites use Google Tag Manager cookies to load scripts into our website pages.
For more information, visit: https://www.google.com/tagmanager/faq.html

Analysis and Performance Cookies

Google Analytics: See section below.

Optimizely: Optimizely helps us improve our websites via A/B testing.
For more information about Optimizely, please visit: https://www.optimizely.com/privacy.
Here’s how you can opt out of Optimizely’s cookie: https://www.optimizely.com/opt_out.

Demandware: The Demandware cookie helps us administer and optimize the e-commerce portions of our websites.
For more information about Demandware, please visit: https://demandware.com/privacy-policy.

Bronto: Bronto cookies allow us to measure the effectiveness of our Services to you.
For more information about Bronto, please visit: http://content.bronto.com/policies/privacy-statement/.
Here’s how you can opt out of Bronto’s cookie: http://optout.aboutads.info/.

Crazy Egg: Crazy Egg cookies allow us to assess usage patterns and perform traffic analysis.
identify preferences.
analyze trends.
and otherwise administer the websites.
For more information about Crazy Egg please visit: http://www.crazyegg.com/privacy.
Here’s how you can opt out of the Crazy Egg’s cookie: http://www.crazyegg.com/opt-out.


Advertising Cookies:

DoubleClick.net: Our websites use Double Click cookies to show you relevant ads.
The tool collects and uses your anonymized IP address, cookie ID, and usage data for Anki’s website for Anki to improve your choice of advertising.
The cookies are kept for a maximum of two years or less as permitted by law.
For more information about DoubleClick, please visit https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/ and http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
Here's how you can opt out of DoubleClick’s cookie: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
Facebook.
Our websites use first party Anki cookies and third party Facebook cookies to show you relevant ads on our and other sites.
To opt out of first party Anki cookies for Facebook advertising, please visit https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/.
Twitter.
Our websites use Twitter cookies to show you relevant ads on our and other sites.
For more information about Twitter ads, please visit https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies and to opt out, please visit optout.aboutads.info.
YouTube.
Our websites use YouTube cookies to show you relevant ads.
For more information about YouTube ads and to opt out, please visit https://adssettings.google.com/.


Third-party sites such as TrustArc and Your Online Choices will tell you more about the third parties we work with and the ways they use your information.
F.
HOW DOES ANKI ADVERTISE ON THE INTERNET AND ON MOBILE DEVICES?
We and other advertisers (including technology partners and service providers) use advertising geared to your interests to display advertisements and personalized content.
To the extent third parties use cookies to provide such services to Anki or others, Anki has no control over the use of such cookies or the information obtained from them, nor is it responsible for the actions or privacy policies of such third parties.
Ads may be displayed to you based on your behavior on the Internet (on Anki's websites or other websites), your search activity, your response to our advertisements or emails, the pages you visit, your general location, or other information.
These advertisements may appear on our websites or on third-party websites.
The technology partners we work with to deliver interest-based advertising can become members of self-regulatory organizations such as the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA).be.
For websites directed to individuals from the European Union, we may collaborate with technology partners who are members of the European Digital Advertising Alliance (eDAA).
You may also receive third party advertisements based on your visits and activities on the Anki website and other websites.
G.
WHAT IS THE GOOGLE ANALYTICS COOKIE AND HOW IS IT USED?
Google Analytics Our websites use Google Analytics (including the Universal Analytics User –ID feature), an internet analytics service based on cookies provided by Google Inc.
("Google").
The data generated by the cookie is usually sent to a Google server in the US, where it is stored.
However, since IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will first be shortened by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the United States and shortened.
On behalf of Anki, Google uses this information to evaluate your use of this websites, to provide reports on activities on this website and to provide Anki with additional services related to the use of this website and the internet.
We have a legitimate interest in processing your data for these purposes.
Google Universal Analytics
Anki uses a specific cookie to facilitate the use of Google Universal Analytics (including the Universal Analytics User-ID feature) for users logged-in to the Services (“Logged-In Users”).
This feature allows us to connect multiple devices, sessions, and engagement data to a pseudonymous user ID and analyze a user's activities across devices.
If you are a Logged-In User, Anki may use your anonymized Anki user ID in combination with Google Universal Analytics and Google Analytics to track and analyze the pages of the Services you visit.
We do this to better understand how you use the Services, and offer improvements for all Anki users.
and to tailor our business and marketing activities accordingly, both generally and specifically to you.
Google Analytics cookies do not provide Anki with any personally identifiable information.
We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with information collected from you such as your email address.
You can prevent the storage of Google and other cookies by setting your browser software accordingly.
Please note, however, that you may not be able to use all features of this website in full.
You may also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) and the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link.
The current link is: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.

H.
HOW DO I MANAGE COOKIES?
You can decide if you accept cookies or not.
You can do this, for example, through the settings of your internet browser.
Most internet browsers allow you to control cookies through the browser settings (Please note that you may not be able to access parts of our website if you set your browser to block all cookies).
The following websites provide information on how to customize cookie settings on some popular browsers:

Apple Safari
Google Chrome
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox

You can also use a browser plug-in like Ghostery from Evidon Inc.
or TRUSTe's Tracking Protection List (A browser plug-in is software that supports your browser.
For more information on third-party cookies and how to opt-out of them, please visit one of the following third-party sites:
TrustArc
Your Online Choices (if located in the European Union)


You can manage the use of cookies on our applications by visiting the settings section of our applications or by requesting deletion of your account by contacting privacy@anki.com.
I.
DATA PROTECTION AT ANKI
Privacy is important to Anki.
For more information about how Anki handles privacy, see our Anki Privacy Policy.
J.
CONTACT If you have any questions about privacy while using the Site or any questions about our practices, please email us at privacy@anki.com.
You can also send a letter to

Privacy Policy Administrator 
55 2nd Street, 15th Floor 
San Francisco, CA 94105 USA

or

Anki Privacy Policy Administrator, courtesy of Anki UK Ltd., Bridgewater House Finzels Reach, Counterslip, Bristol BS1 6BX UK

or call us: 
USA or Canada: 1-877-721-Anki 
Other geographies: Contact Us

If you have unresolved concerns about privacy or data usage that we have not satisfactorily addressed, please contact TRUSTe at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request

 
privacy policy UPDATED October 5, 2018
We at Anki, Inc.
("Anki," "we", "our" or "us") take your privacy seriously.
This policy explains our collection and use of information on and through our websites, products, services, and applications (the "Services"), and related choices you have.
By using or accessing the Services, you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information as described herein.
Your use of the Services is at all times subject to the Anki Terms of Use, which incorporate this Privacy Policy.
Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of Use.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify you of material changes by posting a notice within the Services, sending you an email, and/or by some other means.
If required, we may also seek your or your parent or guardian’s prior consent.
You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
If you use the Services after changes have been posted, that means they apply. A.
TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED  We and the Services collect different types of information through the Services.


 GENERAL INFORMATION 

 Personal information is information about you that can be used by itself, or combined with other information, to personally identify you ("Personal Information").
We collect this information directly from you when you provide it to us and by other means.
For example, when you make a purchase on our website, you provide us with your name, email, phone number, address and billing information.
When you register to receive Anki news, we collect your age and email address.
We do not collect more Personal Information than is reasonably necessary to provide you the Services or improve the Services.

 SPECIFIC TO THE SERVICES 


 ACCOUNT INFORMATION 

When you sign up for an Anki account (an "Account"), we may collect information such as your name, player/driver name, email address, birthdate, password, address, and billing information (collectively, "Account Information").
If a child under the age of 13 (or older, depending on your country) registers for an Account, the email address of his or her parent/legal guardian is collected instead.
We use Account Information to create, manage, and maintain Accounts and provide the Services.
For example, for Anki OVERDRIVE, you can reserve a driver name, which may be displayed to users you play with.
We also back up stats and track progress on multiple devices for a better gameplay experience.
For purchases on our website, we collect address and billing information to facilitate your current or future purchases.

 APP ANALYTICS DATA 

The Services collect gameplay data such as scores, achievements, and feature usage.
The Services also automatically keep track of information such as events or failures within them.
In addition, we may collect your device make and model, an Anki-generated randomized device ID for the mobile device on which you run our apps, robot/vehicle ID of your Anki device, ZIP-code level data about your location (obtained from your IP address), operating system version, and other device-related information like battery level (collectively, "Analytics Data").
Unless you create an account and log in, Analytics Data is stored under a unique ID and not connected to you.
We use Analytics Data to enable and improve the Services and enhance your gameplay.
For example, Analytics Data enables us to analyze crashes, fix bugs, and personalize or develop new features and services.
If you are a user in Europe, you can opt-out from the collection of Analytics Data connected to you.
For further information, please see Section E.
We also use Analytics Data, either alone or combined with other data, to create aggregated data which does not identify you personally ("Aggregate Data").
We may freely use and share Aggregate Data with our partners, for example, who perform functions on our behalf or help us improve the Services.

 COZMO 

Cozmo connects to his app via a direct Wi-Fi connection to your mobile device.
Images from Cozmo's camera are processed in the Cozmo app to power his navigation and other features.
They are not stored and do not leave the Cozmo app.
Learn more about Cozmo and Privacy.

 VECTOR 

Vector has voice features.
When you say the wake words, “Hey Vector”, Vector streams your voice command to the cloud, where it is processed.
Voice command audio is deleted after processing, unless you opt in, for example by linking your Vector with a third-party voice service account.
If you connect Vector with a third party voice service account, that voice service’s privacy policy applies to your interactions with that service.

Vector also has camera features.
When you ask Vector to take a picture, he’ll play a simulated shutter sound and take the shot.
Pictures taken by Vector are stored on the robot.
You can view, delete or share pictures taken by Vector from within your Vector App.
Learn more about Vector and Privacy.

 MEET COZMO AND VECTOR’S KNOWN FACES


Both Vector and Cozmo (with the Cozmo App) can translate faces they see into encoded facial features, a set of numbers not recognizable by a person ("Facial Features Data").
Unless you either use Meet Cozmo from the Cozmo App (for Cozmo),or teach Vector your name (for Vector), Facial Features Data is discarded each time the robot goes to sleep and/or, for Cozmo, loses his connection to your mobile device.
If you use the Meet Cozmo section of your Cozmo App, or you introduce yourself to Vector by voice, you are permitting the robot to associate the name you provide with Facial Features Data for you.
Facial Features Data is stored with the name you provide, and the robot uses this data to enhance and personalize your experience and do things like greet you by that name.
This data is stored locally on the robot and in the robot’s app.
It is not uploaded to Anki nor shared, and you can delete it anytime.

 OTHER FEATURES 

The Services provide you with options to share your information, such as via text messaging, email, or social media, or to receive push notifications from us.
For example, the Services can ask if you'd like to share your play results with your friends or save images from our apps to your device.
If you want to use these features, you will receive a request for access to your photos which you may allow or deny.
If granted, we use this access to save images you create within the Services.
For push notifications, you can opt-out anytime by turning off push notifications from your phone settings.
Our applications also request operating system permission to use wireless technology on your device.
For example, the Overdrive and Cozmo applications use wireless technology to communicate with Anki robots during gameplay.
You can turn on / off Bluetooth from your Bluetooth-compatible smartphone settings, although it may hinder your play.
Some of our Services work with a software development kit (SDK) that we make available to you.
we will tell you if different or additional policies apply to data generated through your use of our SDK.

 AUTOMATICALLY AS YOU NAVIGATE: LOG FILES, COOKIES, AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES 

When you use or visit the Services, the services automatically record and store certain information in log files.
Generally, we use this information in an aggregated and anonymized way.
If we need to combine this type of information with Personal Information, we treat it as Personal Information.
Automatically collected information includes statistical or technical information such as your Internet Protocol address, operating system, time and date, and how you navigate the Services.
On our websites, we may – depending on your cookie preferences – also collect information through the use of "Cookies" or similar tracking technologies, which are identifiers transferred to your browser.
We use first and third party Cookies to help our websites work, provide you with relevant content and to improve our Services.
For more information and for instructions on opting out of Cookies, please see the Anki Cookie Policy.
We also work with third parties to manage our advertising on other websites.
Our third party advertising partners may use cookies or similar technologies on our and other sites (but not in our mobile applications), to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests, or to display ads that link back to our site.
If you wish to opt out of interest-based or retargeted advertising click here, or if you are in the European Union click here.

 EMAIL, SURVEYS, AND YOUR CHOICES 

If you have provided us with your contact information, we will use this information to communicate with you about your order or Account or address your questions.
If you have, or, for a child under the age of 13 (or up to 16, depending on the country), his or her parent/legal guardian has, given us consent by providing us your contact information, we may, subject to your marketing preferences, send you education, marketing, product support, and research emails.
Our third-party mail service provider provides us with anonymized and aggregated information about the respondents to our emails.
You can unsubscribe from our marketing and research emails anytime by following the instructions included in them.
We track open rates for our emails so we can improve our communications with you and our services.
If you participate in our optional surveys, information you provide to us, including Personal Information, will be linked with your Account.
We will not share the Personal Information you provide through a contest or survey with third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.
Some of our Services include links to third party websites or apps.
We are not responsible for such websites.
These sites may have their own privacy policies and practices.

 SOCIAL MEDIA &amp.
CONTESTS 

We have a presence on various social media platforms, such as Facebook.
We receive anonymized and aggregated demographic and use information from these services when you engage with us on them.
In addition, we may offer sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook "Like" button).
Such integrated features may share data and are governed by the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features.
From time to time, we may conduct contests and sweepstakes.
If you participate, we may collect information from you, as described in the terms of the contest or sweepstakes. B.
HOW WE USE THIS INFORMATION We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Information as described throughout this Privacy Policy, including to:

Provide and deliver products and services you request 
Operate, maintain, and improve the Services 
Allow you to participate in interactive features 
Personalize and customize your experience, content, marketing, and recommendations 
Respond to requests that you make and provide you with customer service, informative announcements, and promotional information about us or our products 
Assist those who help us in designing, analyzing, and operating the Services 
Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and protect against fraud, unauthorized or illegal activity, or policy or billing violations 
Notify you about changes to the Services 
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information, with your consent or the consent of a parent or legal guardian 
Fulfil any other purpose for which you provide it 
 C.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION  We may share your Personal Information as follows: 

With third parties that support our business, such as to process payments, provide accounting, or store and/or process information, and who are bound to keep Personal Information confidential and adequately protected and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.

With our affiliates or subsidiaries, provided the data is adequately protected.
Also, if we are acquired, dissolve, or go through a change of control, Personal Information could be one of the assets transferred, subject to your consent, where required by law.

To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it (for example, when you want to share something to social media, to post it to a third party account on your behalf), for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information, or otherwise with your consent or, in case of a child, the consent of a parent or legal guardian.

To comply with relevant laws, regulations, lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, court orders, and legal process.
protect and defend the rights or property of us or third parties and investigate and prevent fraud.
and in an emergency, including to protect safety.


We may also freely disclose Aggregate Data to third parties for research and development, product improvements, and other related business purposes.
 D.
TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES.
PRIVACY SHIELD CERTIFICATION The Services are hosted and operated in the United States.
Anki, Inc.
(and its subsidiary companies Anki Canada Ltd, Anki UK Limited, Anki Germany GmbH, and Anki France EURL) participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework.
Anki, Inc is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S.
Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List [https://www.privacyshield.gov/list].
Anki, Inc.
is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf or as third party recipient (as explained in Sec.
C above).
Anki, Inc.
complies with the Privacy Shield Principles and – to the extent applicable – the EU data protection principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions, by either choosing third party recipients that are Privacy Shield certified, EU Standard Contractual Clauses or other EU approved data transfer mechanisms.
If you wish to receive details on the transfer mechanisms chosen, please contact the Anki Privacy Policy Administrator at the address indicated in Sec.
I below.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Anki, Inc.
is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission.
In certain situations, Anki, Inc.
may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our US-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website [https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint], ou may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. E.
ACCESSING YOUR INFORMATION.
YOUR RIGHTS
 Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Information, or if you are a parent, your child’s information.
You can contact us at privacy@anki.com or through the contact information provided below to modify, request a copy of, or request deletion of this Personal Information or your Account.
You have the additional following rights under EU Data Protection rules with regard to your Personal Information: Rectification of inaccurate Personal Information, objection to the processing of Personal Information, restriction of processing of Personal Information, and portability of Personal Information.
If you think your rights have been violated, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your national EU Data Protection Authority.
You can learn more about these rights at https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/rights-citizens_en.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to your request within 30 days, unless such request is unreasonable under or would violate applicable law.
If you request to delete Personal Information, you may no longer be able to use some features.
We will retain information for as long as your Account is active or as necessary to provide you services.
We may also be required to keep some of your Personal Information for legal reasons, for instance to comply with statutory retention periods or for tax purposes.
In addition, we will continue to retain and use Aggregate Data.
OPT-OUT RIGHTS.
We offer certain choices about how we communicate with you and what information we obtain.

You may opt-out of receiving emails at any time by clicking "unsubscribe."
If you are a user in the EU, you can opt-out from the collection of Analytics Data by visiting the settings section of your app.
You can delete cookies on your browser by following the instructions in our Cookie Policy.
Some third parties we work with may provide additional specific opt-out mechanisms.
For more information, visit our Cookie Policy.

If you are California resident please see Sec.
H below for your California Privacy Rights. F.
CHILDREN  Unless we note otherwise (for example, on product packaging), the Services are intended for audiences of all ages.
In compliance with applicable law, when we collect Personal Information through the Services, in some regions we ask users to input their age.
When a child signs up for an Account, we will send a notice via email to the child's parent or guardian, or obtain verifiable consent via other acceptable methods.
If we do not receive consent within 14 days after sign-up, the child's Account will be deleted.
The information collected and stored from the child may include a username (e.g., driver name) and parent’s email address.
We may also collect and link to the child’s Account the Analytics Information.

 The information will be used for the purposes stated in this policy and as permitted under law.
The information may also be shared as described in Section C, including with certain third party vendors that help us operate the Services, such as by sending out our email communications.

 We will only collect such Personal Information from children as is reasonably necessary to provide the Services.
When applicable, parents/legal guardians have the right to consent to Anki's collection and use of Personal Information from the child without also consenting to its disclosure to independent third parties.
Parents can revoke their consent anytime by contacting privacy@anki.com, and they can request modification or deletion of children’s accounts by following the process at Section E.
We will notify the parent when important information changes, like when password or other settings changes are made to Accounts of children.
 G.
SECURITY  We take reasonable precautions to protect your data.
Payment transactions are encrypted in transit.
Although we endeavor to provide reasonable security, no system can prevent all potential breaches or guarantee perfect security.
Please contact us immediately at security@anki.com if you suspect a vulnerability in our systems, products, or services.
 H.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS  California residents may request information about practices related to disclosing personal information to certain third parties and/or opt-out of sharing of information with unaffiliated third parties, if applicable.
Please send your request (along with your full name, e-mail address, postal address) to us as the contact information provided in Section I.
 I.
HOW TO CONTACT US

Email: privacy@anki.com
Address: Anki Privacy Policy Administrator
55 2nd Street, 15th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105 USA
Phone: U.S.
&amp.
Canada (877) 721-2654

EU Representative: 
Anki Privacy Policy Administrator, courtesy of Anki UK Ltd.

Bridgewater House Finzels Reach, 
Counterslip, Bristol BS1 6BX UK
 J.
KIDSAFE  Anki DRIVE, Anki OVERDRIVE, Cozmo, and their respective apps are certified by the kidSAFE Seal Program.
The kidSAFE Seal Program is an independent safety certification service and seal-of-approval program designed exclusively for children-friendly websites and technologies.
Click on the seal or go to www.kidsafeseal.com for more information.

Anki.com

Cozmo, Anki Drive, Anki Overdrive, Anki Overdrive Fast &amp.
Furious Edition Apps
 K.
TRUSTE 
 