 AnkiWeb 


Log in 
Sign up 
 Terms and Conditions This is a legal agreement between users of this service ("you" or "your") and
Ankitects Pty Ltd, a company started by the Anki author.
This agreement
governs your usage of AnkiWeb ("the service").
In this document,
"we" and "our" refers to Ankitects Pty Ltd, its staff, and trusted third-party contractors. Legal Age If you are not old enough to legally agree to this document, please have a parent or guardian agree on your behalf. Privacy Please see our privacy policy to understand the
information we store when you use the service, why we store it, and the limited
ways in which we share it. Account Expiry As AnkiWeb is a free service, we need to periodically delete unused account
data to keep costs down.
Decks stored in your account will expire if
your account is not accessed in 6 months or longer. Acceptable Content By uploading or entering any material into our website, you assert that it does not contain:

Content that you do not have the intellectual property rights to use, due to copyright, trademark, patent or other protection.
Your local jurisdiction may allow you to use protected content under fair use provisions, provided you do not share it with others.

Content designed to subvert the correct functioning of software or hardware, such as viruses and code exploits.

Content that is illegal in Australia, Germany, the United States, or your country of residence.


If you are an intellectual property holder and believe your rights have been violated, please see the "Intellectual Property Violations" section below.
If you share your material publicly, you must also ensure:

It does not contain content that might offend others, such as pornography, hate speech or libel.

It does not attempt to modify or replace the function, content or branding of our website.
 Sharing Decks Sharing 
You may optionally share a deck you have uploaded, making it available for others to download from AnkiWeb.
When you share a deck, you grant us a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to make the deck available to users under the Shared Deck License below.
You further grant us the right to modify the deck you shared, including but not limited to creating excerpts, and converting to new file formats.
You may elect to remove the shared deck from our servers at any time.
This will stop us from providing the deck for download.
We do not store records of who has downloaded a certain deck, so we can not retroactively remove a deck from users who have already downloaded it.
Due to caching, there may be a small delay between when you remove a deck and when it becomes unavailable to others.
In addition to the license you grant us above, you may optionally grant users extra rights by specifying so in your deck's description, such as allowing them to redistribute modified versions of your deck.
You may not impose any extra restrictions.
When you share a deck, you will be required to assert that it is entirely your own work, or that you have obtained a license from the intellectual property holder to share the material here.
If we suspect that material has been uploaded in violation of intellectual property rights, we will remove it from the shared deck list, and may remove your ability to share decks in the future.

The system will automatically removed shared decks that receive very few downloads after 3 months.
While we do not have the resources to manually check decks that are uploaded to our website, we reserve the right to remove any we come across that we deem inappropriate, including but not limited to ones with poor quality descriptions or content, and ones that are only useful to a small group of people (such as lecture notes for a specific class).
 Shared Deck License 
When you download a deck that someone has shared, the deck author grants you a permanent, non-revocable, worldwide, royalty free, non-exclusive license to use the material in your personal studies.
This license is for personal use only, and the deck may not be redistributed, re-uploaded, published, or used for any other purposes without explicit permission from the copyright holder.
Shared decks have been provided by third parties and are not reviewed by us, so we can offer no warranty or support for them.
 Intellectual Property Violations Each time users share a deck, they're required to state under penalty of perjury that the content is entirely their own work, or that they have obtained a license from the intellectual property holder.
If you believe someone has violated your intellectual property rights, please post a private message on our support site to let us know.
Please provide us with a link to the offending content, and a link to your site, book or other original content that the material has been taken from.
If you are writing on behalf of another, you must have the authority to act on their behalf.
Please be advised that if you make a false report, you may place yourself open to legal action. Sharing Add-ons 
You may optionally share an add-on you have created by uploading it to AnkiWeb, and you may download add-ons that others have shared.
As add-ons extend the computer version, they must be licensed under the AGPL3 or a compatible license.
If you do not explicitly state a license, it will be assumed to be AGPL3.
Add-ons do not run in a protected environment, so they potentially have full access to your computer.
Please understand that add-ons are provided by third parties, and not verified by us, so we can provide absolutely no warranty.
You should only use add-ons that you trust.
 Access to the Service 
You may access AnkiWeb directly through your browser, and through the
synchronisation functionality incorporated into the approved clients (Anki,
AnkiMobile, AnkiDroid, and AnkiUniversal).

Because other clients can cause problems, AnkiWeb does not currently
allow access from browser extensions or other third-party clients.
Instead,
please use AnkiConnect,
which lets you modify your local connection over a web socket without any
negative impact on AnkiWeb.

As the service is provided to you at no charge, we reserve the right to suspend or remove your access to the service at our sole discretion.

 Violations &amp.
Law Enforcement If you fail to comply with these terms of service, we may suspend or remove
your account at our sole discretion.
If your actions were illegal, we may also
report you to the authorities.
We will provide your information to third
parties when required to do so by law. Money Use of the service is currently free, and the hosting costs are supported by
sales of the iPhone
app.
As the hosting
costs continue to grow, we may need to introduce a "freemium" model in the
future, where basic accounts are free, and people can pay for accounts that
support larger decks or extra features. Changes If we make significant changes to these terms, we will notify you via a
message on the website, a message when you sync, or via an email.
 Transfer In the event of a company acquisition, restructure, or bankruptcy, we may transfer these rights and obligations to the new legal entity. Disclaimer of Warranties Use of the service is at your own risk.
While we endeavor to ensure the
integrity of your data, ultimately the responsibility is in your hands.
Please keep a local backup of your data for safety's sake.
 THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS".
WHEN ALLOWED BY LOCAL LAW, WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE ERROR FREE OR THAT ACCESS WILL BE CONTINUOUS OR UNINTERRUPTED.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT USE OF THE SERVICE IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR DISCRETION AND RISK. Limitation of Liability  TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF DATA, INCORRECT DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OR LOSSES INCURRED BY YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SERVICE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY.


Last updated 2018-10-17.


Apps
About 
Support
Terms 
Privacy 
   AnkiWeb 


Log in 
Sign up 
 Privacy Policy Please read this page in conjunction with our terms and conditions.
 Email 
A valid email address is required to sign up for an account.
We use your email address to send you important information about Anki and your account, such as a reset link when you forget your password.

We will not send you email unrelated to Anki.
 User Data 
When you add cards via AnkiWeb, or use the synchronization feature in the Anki clients to send your data to AnkiWeb, we store the card data, associated media files, and your review history.
This user data is not visible to other users of the service by default, but can be optionally shared.
This data is visible to support staff when investigating problems with the service, and problems you report.
In the interests of research and product development, we may use your review history and options (but not the text or media on cards) for statistical purposes, such as calculating the average pass rate across all users.
 Cookies 
AnkiWeb uses an internet technology called "cookies" to keep you logged in to the website.
The cookies allow us to associate the actions you take with the correct account.
The logout option on AnkiWeb will allow you to remove your login cookie.
AnkiWeb previously used Google Analytics for usage statistics, and it may have stored some tracking cookies on your computer.
AnkiWeb ignores any tracking cookies set by Google Analytics, and you can safely use your browser's cookie manager to delete them if you wish.
 Logs 
All requests made to AnkiWeb, whether they be through a web browser or through one of the Anki clients, are logged.
We record the date and time, the location on AnkiWeb that is being accessed, your IP address, browser version, and referring page when present.
When you access the service while logged in, a numerical user ID is recorded.
Email-related operations may log your email address.
We store this information for security purposes (such as blocking malicious access attempts), for diagnosing problems, for analysing usage of the service, and for providing support.
Logs are automatically removed after 1 month.
 Version Checks 
The first time you start the downloadable computer version of Anki, a unique, anonymous ID is randomly generated.
Each time Anki is started, it checks to see if it is up to date.
When it does this, it sends its version, your operating system version, and the anonymous ID to AnkiWeb.
AnkiWeb records this information, so we can keep track of how many people have Anki installed, and how many people use Anki on different platforms.
 Syncing 
When you use the synchronization feature to transfer data between an Anki client and AnkiWeb, the client sends the program version and operating system version.
AnkiWeb stores this information along with the date in your account, and may tell the client it needs to upgrade.
We store this information to help us answer your questions on the support site, and for usage statistics.
 Support Site 
Our support site is provided by a third party, ENTP.
If you do not mark a ticket as private when posting it, the data you entered into the support ticket will be visible to the general public.
When you post a ticket or comment, ENTP provides us with your email address and IP address.
We store this information to help us locate your AnkiWeb account when you post a support request.
We delete the email address and IP address we receive from ENTP after 1 month.
 Locations 
We use servers and cloud services located inside secure data centers in the EU and the USA to store your data.
Portions of AnkiWeb are cached by a content distribution network which stores data on servers close to you.
We use a cloud provider located in the USA to send you emails related to your account.
Support staff may store a temporary copy of your user data on secure local machines to reproduce a problem you report.
A copy of a subset of AnkiWeb metadata is stored locally for internal testing purposes.
We remove email addresses and IP addresses from the data.
 Third Party Sharing 
The cards and associated media files you add to AnkiWeb are private by default.
We will only make them available to the public if you explicitly share them.
AnkiWeb makes use of secure third party data centers and cloud services in order to store and process your data, and to send you emails related to your account.
We may share your data with law enforcement authorities when required to do so by law.
We may extract the review history of your cards to share with others for academic research purposes.
This will not include the contents of your cards (such as text or media files), and the data will not include any information that would personally identify you.
When you post a public support request, we may need to paste an excerpt from your user data for communication purposes (such as "I had a look at the 'to study' card").
If you do not wish such excerpts to be made public, please mark your ticket as private when writing to us.
As decks and add-ons are contributed by other Anki users, they may contain links to third party servers not under our control.
 Data Retention 
We will retain your user data while you continue to use the service.
As mentioned in our terms and conditions, account data may expire if the account has not been used in 6 months or more.
If you wish to remove your user data, you can delete your AnkiWeb account from the Account section of the website.
If you delete your account, we will delete your user data.
Some of your user data may remain in backups and logs when your account is deleted.
This data will automatically expire within a month.
If an email we sent to you previously bounced or was marked as spam, we will retain a record of this so we can avoid sending to that address again.
Any posts you made to the support site will need to be removed separately.
We will retain information when legally required to do so.
 Keeping Data Safe 
We endeavour to keep your data safe by following best practices such as encrypting your data in transit, keeping machines up to date, and maintaining backups.
No system can ever be completely secure, so we strongly recommend you store a local copy of your user data.
You can use the Export functionality in Anki clients in order to save a backup of your data.
As your password secures your account, please ensure you use a secure password, and don't use the same password on multiple sites.
If you don't already use one, we highly recommend a password manager like 1Password or LastPass - they make life easier and keep you more secure.
 Lawful Basis Data processing laws require us to state the lawful basis we use for processing your data.

Data you provide to us such as your email address and card content is necessary for providing the service to you (servicing a contract).
Statistics that we collect from your data are used to improve the service, and for research (servicing a contract, and legitimate interests).
Access logs are used for diagnostic and analytical purposes, and for detecting misuse of the service (servicing a contract, and legitimate interests).
 Changes If significant changes to this policy are made, we will notify you via a message when visiting the website, a message when you use the synchronization feature, or via email. Transfer In the event of a company acquisition, restructure, or bankruptcy, we may
transfer your data to a different legal entity.
The new legal entity shall
respect your privacy in the same way, and notify you if
they wish to use your data in a way not described here. Contact If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please drop us a line on the support site.

Last updated 2018-09-02.


Apps
About 
Support
Terms 
Privacy 
 