 Community Guidelines At ASKfm we believe that questions and answers are the key to staying close to friends, exploring the world around us and learning something new about ourselves.
Using anonymity makes it easier to ask questions and get to know others.
With millions of users globally, our goal is to support and empower our users to create an environment on ASKfm that feels safe and inclusive.
That is why we have put together the following general guidelines to help you better understand what we expect from our users on ASKfm.

Respect

Respect is the foundation of our community.
We want to make sure that everyone can have a great experience on ASKfm. It’s not OK to make a poll with photos of other users without their consent.
We will remove such poll, if it’s reported.
Remember: posting threatening, bullying or harassing questions and answers is ALWAYS unacceptable on ASKfm.
It can be really easy to miscommunicate online and accidentally offend people — watch out for sarcasm with people you do not know because it can sometime cause conflict.

Real YOU

There is no need to pretend to be someone else on ASKfm.
In fact, it’s NEVER allowed.
You can ask anonymous questions if you want, but creating a fake profile is not OK.
Remember:

Using ASKfm if you’re under 13 is a no-go.
The age requirement is there for your own protection.
Posting spam or ‘collecting likes’ is considered rude.


YOUR well-being

While we have put various safety tools in place, you too can do a lot to be in charge of your ASKfm experience: use settings, report or block anyone that bothers you.
Remember:

Promoting and encouraging suicide, self injury and eating disorders such as anorexia and bulimia is unacceptable.
There is more info available if you need help.
Asking yourself questions is OK, but sending yourself cruel messages is not.


Respecting others

ASKfm is proud to have people of different cultures, races, religions, and sexual orientation on the platform.
We are all equal and have equal rights.
It is unacceptable to post content which is racist, sexist, ageist or discriminatory in any other way.
Terrorist organisations and violent extremist groups that intend to encourage or commit terrorist or violent criminal activity are prohibited from maintaining a presence on ASKfm to promote any of their campaigns or plans, celebrate their violent acts, fundraise, or recruit young people.

What’s not OK to share?
Sometimes it can be really tricky to figure out what is and is not appropriate to post.
For example, remember that the following content is NEVER allowed on ASKfm:

Pornographic or sexually explicit images.
Nude images of yourself or others.
This includes naked butts and topless pics.
Images that promote violence such as weapons, guns and knives or violent acts.
Gory and graphic images.

Sexual and abusive content related to children is illegal and it will be reported to police.
For more information on how to use ASKfm read our Terms of Use or visit ASKfm Safety Centre.     See Cookie Policy effective before 2018-10-22.
Effective Date: 2018-10-22 1.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer or device as you browse the Internet.
Cookies can be used to collect, store and share bits of information about your activities across websites, including on ASKfm.
They also allow us to remember things about your visit to ASKfm, such as your preferred language and other choices/settings and generally make the site easier for you to use.
ASKfm uses both session cookies and persistent cookies.
A session cookie is used to identify a particular visit to our site.
These cookies expire after a short time or when you close your web browser after using our services.
We use these cookies to identify you during a single browsing session, such as when you log into ASKfm.
A persistent cookie will remain on your devices for a set period of time specified in the cookie.
We use these cookies where we need to identify you over a longer period of time.
For example, we would use a persistent cookie if you asked that we keep you signed in. 2.
Why does ASKfm use cookies and similar technologies?
ASKfm uses cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons or pixel tags, to deliver, measure, and improve our services in various ways.
We use cookies for the following purposes: (a) Authentication and security:

To log you into ASKfm;
To protect your security.
and
To help us detect and fight spam, abuse, and other activities that violate ASKfm’s Terms of Use.

For example, these technologies help authenticate your access to ASKfm and prevent unauthorized parties from accessing your account.
They also let us show you appropriate content through our services. (b) Preferences:

To remember information about your browser and your preferences.
and
To remember your settings and other choices you have made.

For example, cookies help us remember your preferred language or the country that you are in.
We can then provide you with ASKfm content in your preferred language without having to ask you each time you visit ASKfm. (c) Analytics and research:

To help us improve and understand how people use our services.

For example, cookies help us test different versions of our services to see, which particular features or content users prefer.
We may include web beacons in e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether the message has been opened and for other analytics.
We might also optimize and improve your experience on ASKfm by using cookies to see how you interact with our services, such as when and how often you use them and what links you click on.
To help us better understand how people use our services, we work with a number of analytics partners, including Google Analytics, Quantcast and Scorecard.
To find out more about their cookies and the privacy choices they offer, please visit the following links: Google Analytics, Quantcast, and ScoreCard. (d) Personalized content:

To customize our services with more relevant content.
 (e) Advertising (Ads):

To provide you with more relevant advertising.
 3.
Can ASKfm tell me more about cookies and ads?
As explained further in our Privacy Policy, third-parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised via the services may use cookies to collect information about your activities on the services, other sites, and/or the ads you have clicked on.
This information may be used by them to serve ads that they believe are most likely to be of interest to you and measure the effectiveness of their ads.
Targeting and advertising cookies on the services may include DoubleClick, Criteo, and other advertising networks and services we use from time to time.
For more information about targeting and advertising cookies and how you can opt out, you can visit http://youronlinechoices.eu/ or http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html.
Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into ASKfm, you may still receive advertisements even if you opt out of tailored advertising.
In that case, the ads will just not be tailored to your interests.
When accessing ASKfm from a mobile application you may also receive tailored in-application advertisements.
Each operating system: iOS, Android and Windows Phone provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements.
You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements.
For any other devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or operating system or contact the applicable platform operator. 4.
Where are cookies and similar technologies used?
ASKfm uses these technologies on our websites, apps, and services.
We don’t release the information collected from our own cookies to any third parties, other than to our service providers who assist us in providing the services. 5.
What are my privacy options?
You have a number of options to control or limit how ASKfm and our partners use cookies.
When you first access the site, it will let you know that we use cookies – by continuing to use or access the site, you are consenting to our use of cookies and related technologies as described in this policy.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to limit or decline cookies by visiting your browser’s help page.
If you choose to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in, customize, or use some features of the Services.
For general information about cookies and how to disable them, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. 6.
Important information about ASKfm’s Do Not Track Disclosure
We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our services for third-party purposes, and that is why we provide the above opt-out links.
However, we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals, as the internet industry is still working on Do Not Track standards, implementations, and solutions. 7.
Can ASKfm make changes to this cookie policy?
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy on the Services with a new effective date.
If we make a material change to our Cookie Policy, we will take reasonable steps to notify you in advance of the planned change. 8.
How can I contact ASKfm if I have a question about cookies?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies, please click here.   See Privacy Policy effective before 2018-10-22.
Effective Date: 2018-10-22 1.
Important introduction to our privacy policy
1A.
What is a Privacy Policy?
This Privacy Policy explains how Ask.fm Europe Limited (“ASKfm,” “we”, “our”, or “us”) collects, uses, shares, and stores your information when you use the ASKfm website and/or the mobile applications that link to this Privacy Policy (“Services”).
1B.
Why do I need to read and accept it?
When you use our Services, you are agreeing to our rules and policies, including this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and you consent to our collecting, processing and storing your information as described below. You must not access or use the Services if you do not agree with our Privacy Policy.
You should also read our Terms of Use because they also apply to your use of the Services.
When during signup you tick the box to say you agree with this Privacy Policy, we keep a record of that consent.
1C.
What company owns ASKfm?
Ask.fm Europe Limited is an Irish limited liability company with registration number 551873 and a registered office at 6th Floor, South Bank House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
1D.
What privacy law applies to ASKfm?
The personal information you provide to us that is collected through our Services is controlled by ASKfm in accordance with the laws of the country in which you live, meaning that not all parts of this policy will be relevant depending on where you live.
1E.
How old do I have to be to consent to you using my data?
You can’t use ASKfm if you are younger than 13.
In almost all countries, if you are 13 and over, you can allow us to use your data.
But, since the law changed in Europe, in some European countries, we need to ask for your parent’s or guardian’s consent before we let you create an account if you are between 13 and 16 years old.
This is called the “age of consent”, and it means that if you are under a certain age, we need to get a parental consent.
The age varies across different European countries, so it depends on where you live.
If you live in the UK, Ireland, Latvia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Poland, Spain or Sweden, we won’t need to ask for that extra consent from grownups.
If you live in Slovakia, Germany, Hungary, Lithuania, Luxembourg or Netherlands and are aged under 16, you confirm that you have your parent’s consent to sign up to ASKfm and we will take all reasonable steps to verify this.
If you live in France and are aged under 15, you confirm that you have your parent’s consent to sign up to ASKfm and we will take all reasonable steps to verify this.
If you live in Austria and are aged under 14, you confirm that you have your parent’s consent to sign up to ASKfm and we will take all reasonable steps to verify this. 2.
How do you collect my data?
How we collect, process and store information depends in part on how you use the Services.
You may register to use the Services (“Registered User”).
You can use some of the Services without creating an account (“Guest User”) or providing any information other than information that is automatically collected as explained below.
The different categories of information we collect from you are described below. 3.
What data do you collect about me?
We may collect information from you during your use of the Services, including your name, username, password, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, mobile phone number, payment information, gender, birth year, and other information you provide or post on our Services or allow us to access when you do certain things, such as:

Sign up and complete our registration form;
Create or edit your user profile;
Login to the Services;
Submit questions or answer questions;
Contact our customer support team or use our reporting mechanisms;
Enter a sweepstakes or contest or register for a promotion;
Participate in voting or polling activities;
Request certain features (e.g., newsletters, updates, or other products);
Connect with the Services or otherwise allow us to access certain information about you via a social media service.
or
Post user-generated content to or on our Services.
 4.
What data do you collect about my friends?
You can choose to invite your friends to join ASKfm so that you can stay in touch with them on the Services.
To allow you to use this feature, we will ask your permission to access your personal contact list, which we will only access to store for your own use, to assist you with inviting friends to join you on the Services and to notify you when someone you know joins the Services.
To make it easier to search and find friends and people you know on ASKfm, users may search for other members using first and last name, e-mail address, and location. 5.
Do you collect data about my computer/my phone?
We may automatically collect certain information about the computer or devices (including mobile devices) you use to access the Services, and about your use of the Services, even if you use the Services as a Guest User.
We may collect information such as (a) IP addresses, unique device identifiers (e.g.
IDFA or other device IDs on Apple devices like the iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch), and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device(s) browser types, browser language, operating system, the state or country from which you accessed the Services.
and (b) information related to the ways in which you interact with the Services, such as: referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time you used the Services, error logs, and other similar information.
As described further below, we may use third party analytics providers and technologies, including cookies and similar tools, to assist us in understanding how our Services are used.
Such tools may collect and use your data, after we have depersonalized it, with other ASKfm users’ data. 6.
Do you collect data about my location?
We may collect general information (e.g.
IP address, zip code) about your location, and may use that information to customize the Services with location-based information, advertising, and features that need to know your location to work properly.
By accessing and using the Services, you consent to this collection and processing of location information.
If you choose to turn off location services on your device, some features may not be available to you. 7.
I’ve heard about cookies, do you collect them too?
When you use the Services, we use persistent and session cookies and other similar technologies to: (a) store your username and password.
(b) analyze the usage of our sites and Services by collecting the information discussed above.
(c) customize the Services to your preferences.
and (d) display advertising on the Services.
We may also use other Internet technologies, such as web beacons or pixel tags and other similar technologies, to deliver or communicate with cookies and analyze your use of the Services.
We also may include web beacons in e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether the message has been opened and for other analytics.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting your browser’s help page.
If you choose to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in, customize, or use some features of the Services.
For more information about our use of cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.
By using our Services with your browser set to accept cookies you are consenting to our use of cookies in the manner described above and in our Cookie Policy. 8.
Do you collect data about me from anyone else, like social networks?
We may collect, process and store:

Your user ID associated with any social media account (such as your Twitter or Facebook account) that you use to sign in to the Services or connect with or use with the Services.
When you sign in to your account or mobile application with your social media account information, or otherwise connect to your social media account with the Services, you consent to our collection, storage, and use, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, of the information that you choose to make available to us through the social media interface.
This could include, without limitation, any information that you have made public in connection with your social media account, information that the social media service shares with us, or information that is disclosed as being shared during the sign-in process.
Please see your social media provider’s privacy policy for more information about how they share information when you choose to connect your account.
You expressly consent to the sharing of your content on your social media networks if you connect your Facebook and/or Twitter accounts to your ASKfm account, for example, the automatic sharing of answers posted.
You can change this at any time by opt-out in answer composer.
We may also obtain information about you if it is contained in user-generated content that other users post to or on our Services.
For example, one of your friends could post something about you in a question they ask you, or in an answer they post.
We may obtain additional information about you from affiliates and may combine that information with information which we collect from or about you and information derived from any other product or service we or our affiliates provide.
 9.
Do you anonymize my data so no-one knows its mine?
Sometimes we may anonymize and/or de-identify information collected through the Services or via other means, including via the use of third-party web analytic tools so that the information no longer relates to you.
Where we have appropriately anonymized and/or de-identified information it no longer constitutes your personal information (also known as personal data).
As a result, our use and disclosure of aggregated and/or de-identified information is not subject to this Privacy Policy and may be disclosed to others on such basis. 10.
If I ask a question anonymously, do you still know who I am?
The fact that you can send messages without other people knowing who you are is part of what makes ASKfm unique and so much fun.
It means that you can ask things that you might be too embarrassed or shy to say if anyone knew it was you.
People may often be more honest when they are anonymous, whether they’re asking a question anonymously, or answering a question where they don’t know who has asked it.
You have the ability to decide whether to ask a question anonymously or on a named basis each time you submit a question to another user.
However, this also means that when you receive questions or comments, you may not know who they come from either! Remember, as a Registered User, that even if you ask a question anonymously, our Service will still have a record of the fact that you asked the question (even if we keep this private).
If you are a Guest User, we may not know who you are. 11.
Does that apply to me if I am a Registered User?
Remember, as a Registered User, that even if you ask a question anonymously, our Service will still have a record of the fact that you asked the question (even if we keep this private).
If you are a Guest User, we may not know who you are. 12.
How do I stop receiving anonymous questions?
Some people don’t like receiving things from people if they don’t know who they are.
So we provide all users with the ability to choose not to receive questions from anonymous users on the “Settings” page on the website and mobile application.
If you do choose to allow anonymous questions, please know that our intention is that they will foster candid, open conversations.
However, if someone does abuse the option of being anonymous through inappropriate communications that violate our Terms of Use because they know you don’t know who they are, you have the ability to report that user to us so that we may take appropriate action.
We have also built-in site moderation techniques to protect you and to prevent users from transmitting harmful content.
For more information, see our Terms of Use and our Safety and Security Essentials. 13.
Can law enforcement get my data from you?
We may assist the police or other law enforcement agencies with their requests, or produce information in response to legal process where we, in good faith, believe that such disclosure is required by law, or to protect our rights and property, or the safety of individual users or the public, or where otherwise permitted by this Privacy Policy. 14.
What do you use my information for?
We use the information we receive from and about you for the following purposes:

To provide the Services including any special features;
To process and respond to your inquiries;
To send you information about your relationship or transactions with us;
To contact you if you have filed a complaint or report, or if someone has made any claim or report against you;
To make suggestions to you and other Registered Users, such as suggesting Registered Users’ profiles to follow;
To notify you about new features of the Services, special events, or products, services, and special offers, or to send you questions of the day;
To moderate content and to keep the Services safe and secure and address any security issues;
To generate advertising and promotional materials for our Services;
To understand and assess the effectiveness of advertisements on the Services;
To process payment for virtual goods that may be available from time to time;
To administer sweepstakes and contests;
To generate and review reports and data about our user base and Service usage patterns;
To analyze the accuracy, effectiveness, usability, or popularity of the Services;
To improve the content and features of the Services;
To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you see on the Services;
To safeguard ASKfm’s and others’ rights or property;
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, involving potential threats to the physical safety of a person, prevention of fraud, and violations of our Terms of Use.
and
To administer and troubleshoot the Services.
 15.
Does ASKfm share my information with other users?
15A.
Sharing your profile information
If you are a Registered User, anyone who uses the Services is able to see your username and any information posted on your profile, including photos. Any questions that you receive in your inbox cannot be seen by anyone else until you reply to them.
If you do reply, then the question and your answer will be posted on your profile, where they can be seen by anyone who uses the Services and views your profile. While you have the ability to delete posted questions and answers on your profile at any time by clicking the “x” next to the question/answer, you should be careful to only include information in your profile, including any questions and answers, that you would not mind making public.
If a Registered User “likes” a question or answer on your profile, the fact that the Registered User “liked” the content will be automatically visible.
15B.
Does my profile show up in search engine results?
Your profile information will also be searchable via public search engines (e.g., Google, Bing, Yahoo).
15C.
Can other people see my location?
Your location data is used for some user features like Shoutouts, to target your questions to people within a geographic range but we do not disclose your exact location to any other user.
15D.
How can I protect myself?
In general, please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.
Should you choose to voluntarily disclose information through the Services, such as by submitting a question to another user or by answering a question to be posted on your profile, that information can be viewed publicly and people can copy content that is posted on the Internet.
It could also be collected and used by third parties without our or your knowledge, which may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties.
You should not share personal information that might allow others to contact or locate you or other users, and you should think before you post. 16.
Does ASKfm share my information with third parties?
16A.
When and why we share your information with third parties
We don’t sell or share any personal information about you with third parties, except as provided in this Privacy Policy.
We may share your information in the following circumstances:

To assist in providing the Services;
To provide you with services or products that you have requested;
With companies that perform services on our behalf (including both third parties and our affiliates), such as advertising providers, advertising networks/advertising exchanges, payment processors, providers of technical infrastructure (such as servers) or engineering or other support, order fulfillment companies, moderation companies, technical services and features developers, research and analytical companies, and e-mail service providers;
With our affiliates for the collective benefit of our affiliates’ businesses and for operational purposes;
When we believe in good faith that such sharing is permitted by law or is reasonably necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use;
In order to respond to the claims of violation of the rights of third parties and/or to protect the rights, property, and safety of ASKfm, our employees, Registered and Guest Users, or the public.
This may involve the sharing of your information with law enforcement, government agencies, courts, and/or other organizations;
As we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets.
In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets;
We may share your information in any other circumstances where we have your consent or are otherwise permitted to share it by law.

16B.
Do you use any other companies to help ASKfm provide the services to me?
For some elements of the Service we get technical assistance from other companies, and we may need to share your information with them so that we can provide those Services to you.
We might use third parties to provide technical functionality for some of the Features of the Services (like stickers and multimedia posts).
We call those Feature Tools.
If you choose to use the Feature Tools, we may collect and store non-personally identifiable anonymous statistical data if you use that feature tool, where such tool is operated by a third party.
We do not cooperate with Feature Tool providers that sell or otherwise transfer any of your data to third parties without your consent.
You should review the privacy policies of the Feature Tools, and in order that you can do that we provide a list here of the Feature Tool Providers we currently work with.
Feature Tool Providers List: Kanvas Labs Inc, which has its privacy policy available to view at https://www.getkanvas.com/privacy
16C.
Do you use my questions and answers for research?
We or third parties we use may analyze your questions and answers for research purposes.
When we use a third party to do this, we do not share any personal information with that party, we only provide anonymized questions and answer content and other non-personalised statistical data for analysis purposes.
16D.
Tell me more about sharing my data for advertising purposes

(a) Anonymous Data

In order to understand our audience better and improve our service, such anonymous information is provided to third parties for their business purposes, including the creation of reports, market research, and trend analysis.
This information does not contain information from which users can be identified and we will not provide additional information to such third parties that enable such third parties to identify you.
Notwithstanding any other provision, we may also engage a third-party partner for the purpose of identifying users and delivering to them interest-based content and advertisements.
We may share information about you with our partners such as your name, postal address, e-mail, or other identifier and may do so in non-human readable format to ensure the security of your information.

(b) Sometimes it’s personal data

Our partners also may collect information directly from your device, such as your IP address, device ID (which in some countries is considered as personal data) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.
may combine our personal and non-personal information about you with information from other sources.
and may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
If we are sharing ANY data that is considered to be personal data by the appropriate laws of the country in which you live, we will always ask your consent before we use your data in this way (and you can ask us to stop at any time).
(c) To opt out of third-party cookies, please go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices and/or https://liveramp.com/opt_out/.
To opt out of the use of your mobile device ID for targeted advertising, please see http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices.
(d) Our current Partner List, that means companies we have agreed to share data with for the above purposes, includes the following companies and what data we share with them: Third Party Location of Users Types of data shared Eyeota Global Age, gender and cookies AreaMetrics Global GPS and device IDs Cuebiq US and Italy GPS and device IDs CrossPixel US and Mexico Interests, e-mail (encrypted), cookies and/or device IDs Circulate US, Canada, France and UK E-mail (encrypted) and cookies and/or device IDs Adsquare Global Age, gender, interests and device IDs/cookies Huq Industries Global GPS and device IDs Zeotap Global Device IDs, age, gender, e-mail (encrypted) 16E.
I live in Europe, what does “profiling” mean and why do you need me to consent to it?
Profiling means we analyse your information and content (like your interests) so that we can tailor our advertising to you and what you’d like to see.
Since the law changed in Europe in May 2018, we now need to ask your consent before we profile your information.
That’s why, before we use your information in this way, you are asked to tick a box to allow us to profile your information and use it for tailored advertising.
16F.
What is tailored advertising?
Third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised via the Services may also use cookies or similar technologies to collect information about your use of the Services.
This is done in order to help them (i) inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to our website and other sites and (ii) report how our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our website.
We also allow other third parties (e.g., ad networks/ad exchanges and ad servers such as Google Analytics, DoubleClick and others) to serve tailored ads to you on the Services, and to access their own cookies or similar technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Services.
We neither have access to, nor does this Privacy Policy govern, the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Services by non-affiliated third-party ad technology, ad servers, ad networks, ad exchanges, or any other non-affiliated third parties.
Those parties that use these technologies may permit you to opt out of ad targeting as described below.
You may receive tailored advertising on your computer through a web browser.
If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you can generally control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising (i.e., not just for the Services), you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer Opt-Out Link, European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance, “Your Online Choices” page and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Opt-Out Link to opt out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs.
To opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising or customize Google Display Network ads, you can visit the Google Ads Settings page.
Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Services, you may still receive advertisements even if you opt out of tailored advertising.
In that case, the ads will just not be tailored to your interests.
Also, we do not control any of the above opt-out links and are not responsible for any choices you make using these mechanisms or the continued availability or accuracy of these mechanisms.

When accessing the Services from a mobile application you may also receive tailored in-application advertisements.
Each operating system: iOS, Android and Windows Phone provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements.
You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt out of tailored in-application advertisements.
For any other devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or operating system or contact the applicable platform operator. 17.
What are online analytics?
To help us better understand your use of the Services, we may use third-party web analytics on our Services, such as Google Analytics or Flurry.
These service providers use the sort of technology that we’ve explained above for data that is automatically collected about your device, for example.
The information collected by this technology will be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers, who use the information to evaluate ASKfm users’ use of the Services.
We also use Google Analytics as described more below.
To prevent Google Analytics from collecting or using your information, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on.
to opt out of Flurry collecting or using your information, go to Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on. 18.
How long do you keep my information for?
We keep your information and store it safely as long as you are using the Services.
After you close your account we still keep some or all of your information for up to 9 months.
It is important that we retain your data for this short period after cancellation to ensure that we can answer any payment or other account related queries, or provide information to third parties in line with our disclosure provisions outlined in this policy, e.g., assisting police investigations.
Even after you remove information from your profile or delete your account, copies of that information may still be viewable and/or accessed on the Internet to the extent such information has been previously shared with others, or copied or stored by other users or to the extent such information has been shared with search engines.
We cannot control this, nor do we accept any liability for this.
If you have given third party applications or websites access to your personal information, they may retain such information to the extent permitted under their terms of service or privacy policies.
We also keep a record of some of your information like you IP address or e-mail address if you’ve broken the rules and we’ve added you to our block list: this helps to keep everyone safe on the Services. 19.
Important notice about our Do Not Track Disclosure
We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our Services for third-party purposes, and that is why we provide the above links to the NAI “Consumer Opt-out”, DAA opt-out, and Google opt-out.
However, we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals, as the Internet industry is still working on Do Not Track standards, implementations and solutions. 20.
How can I update my privacy choices?
You have a variety of choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information through the Services, including the ability to prevent other users from submitting questions to you.

The “Privacy” tab of the Settings page allows you to: (1) switch off receiving anonymous questions.
and (2) hide your answers from appearing in the “Stream”.
You can opt out of receiving certain e-mail notifications from us, including e-mails advertising ASKfm products and services, by clicking the “Notifications” tab of the Settings page on the mobile app and through the “Privacy” tab of the Settings page on the site.
 21.
How can I block other users?
You have the ability to add any user to your “blocklist” at any time by clicking on the “block” button on that user’s profile.
This will prevent the user from asking you a question. 22.
How does ASKfm protect my information?
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access to your information and to maintain data security.
These safeguards take into account the sensitivity of the information that we collect, process and store and the current state of technology.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, the internet and the Services are not 100% secure so we cannot assure you that personal information we collect or store will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
We strongly urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe (including your password) and to log out of your account after use.
You should not tell anyone (other than your parents or guardian, if you are a minor) your password.
If you lose your password or give it out to someone, your personal information will be at risk.
If that happens, you should report it to us immediately by clicking here.
You must also change your password immediately via your “Settings” page.
We are not responsible for your failure to keep your password secure and failure to do so may breach our Terms of Use.
We also strongly recommend that you change your password from time to time. 23.
I want to deactivate my profile or leave ASKfm
You also have the right (in certain cases) to modify or delete the personal information we hold about you.
You can generally exercise these rights by following the process described in the “Deactivating Your Profile” and “Leaving ASKfm” sections of this Privacy Policy.
However, you can also contact us using the details in Section 28 below, if you wish to modify information that cannot be amended or deleted through the Service.
23A.
Deactivating Your Profile
You can deactivate your profile by signing in to the Services with your password and opting to deactivate your profile.
This option is available from your Settings page.
By deactivating your account, it will no longer be visible to other users of the Services.
Your profile information will be retained in case you later decide to restore your account.
Many members deactivate their accounts for temporary reasons and in doing so expect us to maintain their information until they return to ASKfm.
You should ordinarily be able to restore your account and the whole of your profile within 12 months of deactivating it, but we cannot guarantee that this will always be the case.
23B.
Leaving ASKfm
Should you choose to leave ASKfm, you may do so by selecting the “I want to leave ASKfm” tab on the Contact Us page.
Once received, we will process your request to leave as soon as practicable.
Once processed, your profile data will be removed from the Services and your questions to friends will be converted to anonymous questions (in other words, questions you have asked will remain visible but will appear to be from an anonymous user).
You will be able to reactivate your account by logging back in for a period of 30 days after your request to leave ASKfm is processed.
At the end of that period, your account will be deleted and all “likes” which you have added to questions will be removed.
We will delete your data as soon as reasonably practicable, but in certain cases limited types of data, including log files and backups, may take up to 90 days to be fully deleted.
In order to enforce our Terms of Use and to prevent abuse of the Services, we may retain basic account information reasonably necessary to ensure a former user whose account has been terminated for breach of the Terms of Use does not open a new account and profile in further breach of our Terms of Use.
We may also retain additional information where we reasonably believe that we are legally obligated to do so (such as where such information may be relevant to a law enforcement investigation).
Warning: After you have deactivated your account or left ASKfm, questions you have previously transmitted through the Services may still appear on the Services, but will be anonymized and no longer associated with you directly (in other words, a question you asked on your friend’s profile will still be visible, but will not include your username).
Please also note that even after you remove information from your profile or deactivate your account, copies of such content may still be visible and/or accessed on the Internet to the extent such information has been previously shared with others, or to the extent such information has been shared with, indexed by or cached by search engines.
Similarly, if you have given third-party applications or websites (e.g.
other social networks) access to your personal information, they may keep that information.
We cannot control this, nor do we accept any responsibility or liability for this. 24.
Are my privacy rights different depending on where I live?
24A.
Your rights if you live in Europe
Because you control your profile, you can see the personal information you’ve provided to us by accessing your “Profile” page, which gives you the option to correct or update your information at any time by just logging into the Services.
Once you register, you will be able to change most of your personal information, including: your name.
your country.
your contact e-mail address.
your profile picture.
and your password.
You will not be able to change your birth date.
You will also have the option to delete questions and answers posted to your profile at any time.
You have a right to request a copy of the information we hold about you.
Such a request must be in writing.
You can do this via our contact form: Feedback.
We will contact you to let you know what else we need from you before we send you a copy of your personal information.
By law, in Europe we must respond to you within 30 days.
You also have the right to be “forgotten” — that means, if you close your account and ask us to delete all your information, we need to do that.
Although we are allowed to keep some of the information for security purposes in case we ever need to help the police with any criminal investigations.
24B.
Your rights if you live in California, USA
California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties.
If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please submit your request by clicking here.
24C.
Your rights if you live elsewhere
While the Service is provided from Ireland, it is a global website that operates and provides Services in various countries around the world.
By giving us any personal information or by using the applications available on the Services, you agree that your personal information may be transferred to and stored and processed in our and our third-party vendors’ facilities in various countries around the globe, including the United States.
These countries may have privacy laws that differ from the laws in your country or the laws of Ireland. 25.
What are your rules on children’s data?
The Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13.
We do not knowingly collect (or knowingly allow any third party to collect) personal information from persons under the age of 13.
If we become aware that personal information has been collected from a person under the age of 13, we will delete this information and terminate the person’s account as quickly as possible.
If you believe that we may have personal information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us using the contact information below. 26.
What about third-party links and services?
The Services may contain links to third-party websites, including other social media services.
Your use of these features may result in the collection, processing or sharing of information about you by a third party, depending on the feature.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites or services which may be linked to the Services.
We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites or services.
The personal information you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by our Privacy Policy.
We strongly encourage you to read such third parties’ privacy statements. 27.
Can ASKfm make changes to this privacy policy?
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and use practices, the features of our Services, or advances in technology.
Please check this page periodically for changes.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the updated Privacy Policy here and notify our Registered Users by e-mail or by means of a notice on the Services.
Save for urgent changes (such as those required by law) we will post such a notice on our website prior to the changes becoming effective.
Please review the changes carefully.
Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this policy will mean you consent to and accept those changes.
If you do not consent to such changes, you can delete your account by following the process described in the “Deactivating Your Profile” and “Leaving ASKfm” sections of this Privacy Policy. 28.
How do I contact you if I have a question about this policy?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact our Data Protection Officer Laura Edison by emailing data@ask.fm or by writing us at the following address:
 Laura Edison Data Protection Officer Ask.fm Europe Limited 6th Floor, South Bank House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland
 29.
Complaints
We take data protection very seriously.
If you have concerns or complaints please address these to our data protection officer (see above).
If you are not happy with how we handle any complaint, you are able to raise a complaint at any time to your country’s national data protection authority, for example if you live in the UK, this would be the Information Commissioner’s Office.   See Terms of Use effective before 2018-10-22.
Effective Date: 2018-10-22 1.
Important information
1A.
What are these Terms of Use?
These terms (“TOU”) are part of the legal documents that govern your access to, and your use of ASKfm if you use the site through the website or through the mobile apps (the “Services”).
1B.
Why are these TOU important?
By accessing, using, registering for or receiving any of the Services, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms and conditions of these TOU and to the Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy, which are incorporated herein by reference.
You need to read them before you use or access the Services because these terms create a legally binding relationship between you as a user of the Services and Ask.fm Europe Limited (“ASKfm”, “we”, “our” or “us”).
1C.
Who is Ask.fm Europe Limited?
Ask.fm Europe Limited is a private limited company incorporated in Ireland with company number 551873 and its registered office at 6th Floor, South Bank House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Our VAT number is IE 3323023RH.
Ireland is a member of the European Union, so the ASKfm is subject to Irish and EU law.
1D.
I don’t understand these TOU, can ASKfm help me?
If there’s anything you don’t understand in the TOU (or anywhere else on the Services), please contact us using the contact information below.
1E.
What if I don’t accept these TOU?
If you don’t accept these TOU, you must stop using or accessing the Services.
1F.
Do I need my parents’ consent to sign up or to use ASKfm?
If you are a minor, that means under the age of legal majority in your country, and are not an emancipated minor (in countries that permit this), you must have your parents’ or guardian’s consent to enter into these TOU and to use the Services, and by using the Services you are confirming that you have received that consent. 2.
Who can use ASKfm?
2A.
How old do I need to be?
By accessing or using the Services you warrant (that is a legal word for promise and confirm) that you are at least 13 years old (or over the age of legal majority in your country, if higher) and you are fully able and competent to enter into and comply with these TOU.
2B.
What if I am under 13?
Sorry, but you can’t use ASKfm if you are under 13 years old.
If you are under 13 years of age, you are not permitted to access or use the Services.
If we become aware that you are using the Services even though you are under 13 and not permitted to do so, we will deactivate your account and attempt to block you from accessing the Services.
2C.
What laws do I need to follow?
You are responsible for making sure you follow all laws and regulations in the country in which you live when you access and use the Services.
By using the Services, you are confirming that you have not been convicted of, nor are you subject to any court order relating to, assault, violence, sexual misconduct or harassment.
2D.
Do you do any background or criminal checks?
We do not conduct any background checks on users, criminal or otherwise.
You need to be careful when interacting with other people online, and you can read more about this in our Safety Centre. 3.
Registering to use ASKfm
3A.
Do I need to register to use the Services?
To use some parts of the Services, you may be required to register for an account with us by providing certain information, including your name, e-mail address, and password.
You agree to provide true and accurate information and to update it as necessary to keep it accurate.
If you provide us with false information, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account.
3B.
Can I register through my Facebook or similar accounts?
You may also be able to register to use the Services by logging into your account with your credentials from certain third-party social networking sites (e.g., Facebook).
You confirm that you are the owner of this social media account and that you are entitled to disclose your social media login information to us.
You authorize us to collect your authentication information and other information that may be available on or through your social media account consistent with your applicable settings and instructions.
3C.
Can I share my account or my login details?
No.
Only you are allowed to access your account.
You must keep your password confidential and, other than sharing it with your parent or guardian if you are a minor, you should not tell anyone your password or let anyone else access your account.
(Parents and guardians might also find some useful information here).
Sharing your password might lead to all of your posts, messages and personal information being leaked or someone impersonating or pretending to be you.
If you don’t keep your password confidential or give it to anyone other than your parent or guardian, we are not responsible for anyone accessing or using your account, including reading or sending messages from it.
If you think that someone else might be using your account, you must let us know immediately using the contact information below.
You should also immediately change your password.
We may terminate your account or block you from accessing the Services if you break the rules on keeping your password secure.
3D.
Do I always need to enter my password?
To provide you with ease of access to your account, we may implement technology that enables us to recognize your device and provides you with direct access to your account without requiring you to retype your password when you revisit the Services.
3E.
If I don’t register, what can I see?
Non-registered users are able to access only the parts of the Services that are publicly available and do not enjoy all of the privileges of being a registered member.
You are, however, still subject to the TOU. 4.
What are the rules of using ASKfm?
4A.
What are the Community Guidelines?
Community Guidelines are important to any online community, as they let you know what we expect from users and how they interact with each other to ensure everyone has an enjoyable experience at ASKfm.
You can read the Community Guidelines here.
4B.
What is the Safety Centre?
We want all users to have a safe experience online, and we have created, with industry experts and the support of our Safety Advisory Board, many resources to help you, your parents, teachers and law enforcement agencies understand our approach to safety and how you can enjoy a safe experience.
You should look at the Safety Centre, which is here and has lots of helpful information for you, your parents, teachers and law enforcement.
4C.
What am I allowed or not allowed to post on ASKfm?
You are solely responsible for everything you write or post on ASKfm, and the following rules apply (the “Rules of Conduct”).
You must not post or send anything which:

Is mean, is bullying someone or is intended to harass, scare or upset anyone;
Is deliberately designed to provoke or antagonize people, especially trolling;
Uses rude words or is intended to upset or embarrass anyone;
Encourages dangerous or illegal activities or self-harm;
Depicts horrible, shocking or distressing things;
Is obscene or pornographic, contains any pictures of naked people, is sexually explicit or depicts graphic violence;
Contains any threat of any kind, including threats of physical violence to yourself or others, or incites others to commit violent acts against themselves or others;
Is racist or discriminates based on someone’s race, religion, age, gender, disability or sexuality;
Infringes other individual’s privacy rights;
Is illegal, could expose ASKfm to legal liability, or encourages people to get involved in anything which is illegal (for example, drugs, violence, or crime);
Is defamatory or violates any third party’s rights, including breach of confidence, copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property right;
Constitutes spam, attempts to sell anything to other users, or competes with the business of ASKfm;
Contains any computer virus or other malicious code designed to attack, damage, divert, take over, disable, overburden, or otherwise impair the Services;
Collects user content or information, or otherwise accesses the Services using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, or scrapers) without our prior permission;
Violates any robot exclusion headers of the site, if any, or bypasses or circumvents other measures employed to prevent or limit access to the Services;
Shares, recompiles, decompiles, disassembles, reverse engineers, or makes or distributes any other form of, or any derivative work from, the Services;
Attempts to scrape or collect any personal or private information from other users or from the Services;
Pretends to come from someone other than you, or where you are impersonating someone else;
Intercepts or monitors, damages, or modifies any communication not intended for you;
May cause any harm or damage to you or anyone else;
Otherwise breaches the TOU.
or
Attempts to do any of the above.

4D.
Do you check my account and my posts?
You acknowledge that we have no obligation to monitor your access to or use of the Services for violations of the TOU or to review or edit any content.
However, we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating and improving the Services (including without limitation for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation and customer support purposes), to ensure your compliance with the TOU and to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, consent decree, administrative agency or other governmental body.
We can also block or respond to content that we determine is otherwise objectionable or as set forth in the TOU.
In addition, you acknowledge that we have your consent to monitor and block content that we consider to be harassing or bullying.
4E.
Can you block any content I posted if I broke the rules?
We reserve the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to any content for any reason or no reason.
Some of the reasons we may remove or disable access to content may include finding the content objectionable, in violation of the TOU or otherwise harmful to the Services or our users.
4F.
Who can see what I post?
When you post or upload anything on the Services, it can be seen or accessed by the general public (not just registered members) as further described in our Privacy Policy.
An important thing to remember is that we may access, preserve or disclose any of your information, if we are required to do so by law or if we believe in good faith that it is reasonably necessary to (i) respond to claims asserted against us or to comply with legal process (for example, subpoenas or warrants), including those issued by courts having jurisdiction over us or you, (ii) enforce or administer our agreements with users, such as these TOU.
(iii) for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation, customer support, providing the Services or engineering support, or (iv) protect the rights, property or safety of ASKfm, the users of the Services, or members of the public. 5.
Does ASKfm own my content once I post it online?
If you submit material to the Services, unless we indicate otherwise, you grant us a perpetual (for questions you ask only), non-exclusive, royalty-free and fully-paid-up, and fully sub-licensable right to access, view, use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, copy, and display such material throughout the world in any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed.
You also permit any other user to view, copy, access, store, or reproduce such material for that user’s personal use.
You grant us the right to use the name or username that you submit in connection with such material.
You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the material that you submit.
that the material you submit is truthful and accurate.
and that use of the material you supply does not violate these TOU, the rights of any third party, or any applicable laws.
You unconditionally waive in favor of us all moral rights in respect of material you submit to the Services under any laws in force from time to time in any part of the world. If you leave the Services, your account information and any material you have posted in response to questions will be deleted, but your questions will remain on the Services in an anonymous form. 6.
Can I use ASKfm without seeing ads?
We may, from time to time, make available in-app purchases, where, for payment, you can upgrade to available features, or upgrade to an ad-free version of ASKfm, depending on availability and your location.
For all in-app purchases the following terms apply:
(a) You don’t have to make any in-app purchase to use ASKfm, but some features may require in-app purchases if you choose to use them.
You can’t switch it off and there’s no cap on the number of purchases you can make, unless you edit your own account settings within the app store that you use to make your purchase (like Apple’s App Store, the Android Google Play Store and others) (what we call “App Store Provider(s)”).
You are responsible for managing any money you spend on in-app purchases, and you expressly acknowledge and agree that you are fully responsible for managing your in-app purchases and amounts spent within ASKfm.
(b) If you are under 18, then you must have your parents’ or guardians’ permission to make any in-app purchases.
More information about in-app purchases (including how you may be able to switch off and/or manage in-app purchases) may be set out in the App Store Provider’s terms and conditions/EULA.
If you are a parent or guardian of someone under the age of 18, we recommend that you consider any parental controls that may be provided by the App Store Provider, if you are concerned that your child may make excessive in-app purchases.
(c) You acknowledge and agree that all billing and transaction information is handled by the App Store Provider and is governed by the App Store Provider’s terms and conditions.
If you need a refund or have any payment related issues with in-app purchases, then you need to contact the App Store Provider directly.
We do not control or manage the payment process, so you need to read the terms and policies of the App Store Provider before you make any payments.
(d) ALL SALES ARE FINAL.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT NEITHER WE NOR ANY APP STORE PROVIDER IS REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED IN-APP PURCHASES WHEN AN ACCOUNT IS CLOSED, WHETHER SUCH CLOSURE WAS VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY UNLESS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
IN THE EVENT THAT YOU DO NOT RECEIVE AN IN-APP PURCHASE ITEM THAT YOU PROPERLY PURCHASED THROUGH AN APP STORE PROVIDER, YOU MAY REQUEST A REFUND DIRECTLY FROM THAT PLATFORM PROVIDER SUBJECT TO THEIR REFUND POLICY.
(e) If we make an Ads-Free Mode available to you, some adverts may still be shown to you where it is a requirement to view an advert in order to receive premium content, for example, reward video adverts which you may be viewing to receive premium reward features such as premium moods for example.
(f) Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.
(g) Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period.
(h) Account will be charged for renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal.
(i) Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user’s Account Settings after purchase.
(j) No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during the active subscription period. 7.
Can you ever change these terms of use?
We may, at any time and for any reason make changes to these TOU.
We may do this for a variety of reasons, including to reflect changes in or requirements of the law, new features, or changes in business practices.
The most recent version of the TOU will be posted on the Services, and you should regularly check for the most recent version.
The most recent version is the version that applies.
If the changes include material changes that affect your rights or obligations, we will notify you of the changes by reasonable means, which could include notification through the Services or via email.
If you continue to use the Services after the changes become effective, then you shall be deemed to have accepted those changes.
If you don’t agree to these changes, you must end your relationship with us (without penalty) by ceasing to use the Services and leaving the Services.
Additionally, if we update or upgrade the Services, you may be required to accept the most recent version of the TOU to access the updated or upgraded Services. 8.
How can I or ASKfm deactivate or terminate my account?
(a) How do I deactivate my account?
If you are a registered user of the Services, you can deactivate your membership at any time by going to the Settings control when you are logged in and choosing the “deactivate profile” link.
By deactivating your account, it will no longer be visible to other users of the Services, but we will save your profile information in case you change your mind later and want to reactivate your account.
Many members deactivate their accounts for temporary reasons and in doing so expect us to maintain their information until they return to the Services.
You should, therefore, be able to restore your account and the whole of your profile within 12 months of deactivating it, but we cannot guarantee that this will always be the case.
(b) How do I actually terminate my account, not just deactivate it?
Should you choose to leave the Services, rather than deactivate your account, you may do so by selecting the “I want to leave ASKfm” tab on the Contact Us page.
Once received, we will process your request to leave as soon as practicable.
Once processed, your profile data will be removed from the Services and your questions to friends will be converted to anonymous questions (in other words, questions you have asked will remain visible but will appear to be from an anonymous user).
You will be able to reactivate your account by logging back in for a period of 30 days after your request to leave the Services is processed.
At the end of that period, your account will be deleted and all “likes” which you have added to questions will be removed.
We will delete your data as soon as reasonably practicable, but in certain cases, limited types of data, including log files and backups, may take up to 90 days to be fully deleted.
Warning: After you have deactivated your account or left the Services, questions may still appear on the Services, but will be anonymized and no longer associated with you directly (in other words, a question you asked on your friend’s profile will still be visible, but will not include your username).
Please note also that even after you remove information from your profile or deactivate your account, copies of such content may still be visible and/or accessed on the Internet to the extent such information has been previously shared with others, or to the extent such information has been shared with, indexed by or cached by search engines.
Similarly, if you have given third-party applications or websites (e.g., social networks) access to your personal information, they may keep that information.
We cannot control this, nor do we accept any responsibility or liability for this.
(c) Can you suspend or terminate my account if you want to?
Yes, we can.
We may suspend or terminate a user’s access to the Services or a member’s account for any reason, including if we believe a user has violated these TOU.
We also reserve the right to at any time block users from accessing and using the Services by using IP blockers or other technological solutions we deem appropriate.
If we have grounds to terminate your access to the Services due to a violation of these TOU (including your breach of the Rules of Conduct), we reserve the right to terminate your access to the Services without notice.
Otherwise, we will provide you with reasonable notice, if your access to the Services and/or your profile is going to be suspended or terminated.
(d) What are the effects of termination?
Upon termination or expiration of your rights to use the Services or any portion thereof, you authorize us to delete any files, programs, data and messages associated with your account for the Services, or applicable portion thereof, without notice to you. 9.
What’s the important legal stuff I need to know?
9A.
We give you a limited licence to use the Services
We grant you a personal, limited, revocable, non-exclusive and non-transferable license to access and use the Services only as expressly permitted in these TOU.
You shall not use the Services for any illegal purpose or in any manner inconsistent with the provisions of these TOU.
You may use the information made available through the Services solely for your personal, non-commercial use.
You may also download material displayed on the Services for personal, non-commercial use only, provided that you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on or in the materials.
Except as expressly granted herein, you may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use the content or the Services for any purpose without our permission.
Any violation by you of the license provisions contained in this Section 4C may result in the immediate termination of your right to use the Services as well as potential liability for copyright infringement depending on the circumstances.
9B.
We make changes to the Services or update it if we choose to
We reserve the right to change or discontinue any aspect of the Services or all the Services at any time without notice to you.
Upgrades or updates of the Services may be made available from time to time.
We do this to improve the quality of the Services that we provide to you and other users.
The software or the software application store that makes the software available for download may include functionality to automatically check for updates or upgrades to the software.
Unless your device, its settings or computer software does not permit transmission or use of upgrades or updates, you agree that we or the applicable software application store may provide notice to you of the availability of such upgrades or updates and automatically push such upgrade or update to your device or computer from time to time.
You may be required to install certain upgrades or updates to the software in order to continue to access or use the Services or portions thereof (including upgrades or updates designed to correct issues with the Services).
Any updates or upgrades provided to you by us under the TOU shall be considered part of the Services.
9C.
What if I participate in Surveys or Features/Product Testing
From time to time, ASKfm may offer you the opportunity to participate in a user survey or feature/product test (“Evaluation”).
If you agree to participate in an Evaluation, you agree that ASKfm may collect your ideas, feedback, answers, suggestions, comments, designs and other materials in any medium (collectively “Materials”).
You further agree that ASKfm owns the Materials in perpetuity and exclusively throughout the world, and you assign to ASKfm all rights you have or may have in the Materials as well as any ideas or information the Materials may generate in the future.
You represent and warrant that ASKfm’s ownership and use of the Materials do not and will not violate the rights of any third party or any applicable laws.
You unconditionally waive in favor of us all moral rights in respect of the Materials.
9D.
Intellectual Property Rights
(a) The Services are proprietary and are protected by copyright laws, international treaty provisions, trademarks, service marks, and other intellectual property laws and treaties.
The Services are also protected as a collective work or compilation under copyright and other laws and treaties.
You agree to abide by all applicable copyright and other laws as well as any additional copyright notices or restrictions contained in the Services.
You acknowledge that the Services contain original works and have been developed, compiled, prepared, revised, selected, and arranged by ASKfm and others through the application of methods and standards of judgment developed and applied through the expenditure of substantial time, effort, and money and constitutes valuable intellectual property of ASKfm and such others.
You agree to protect the proprietary rights of ASKfm and all others having rights in the Services during and after the term of this agreement and to comply with all reasonable written requests made by ASKfm or its suppliers and licensors of content or otherwise to protect their and others’ contractual, statutory, and common law rights in the Services.
ASKfm neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Services will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with ASKfm.
You agree to immediately notify us upon becoming aware of any claim that the Services infringe upon any copyright, trademark, or other contractual, statutory, or common law rights by following the instructions contained below.
All present and future rights in and to trade secrets, patents, designs, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, know-how, and other proprietary rights of any type under the laws of any governmental authority, domestic or foreign, including rights in and to all applications and registrations relating to the Services shall, as between you and ASKfm, at all times be and remain the sole and exclusive property of ASKfm.
(b) The trademarks, logos, taglines and service marks (collectively, the “Trademarks”) displayed on the Services are registered and unregistered Trademarks of ASKfm and others.
Nothing contained in the Services should be read as granting any Trademark without the written permission of ASKfm or such third party that may own the Trademarks.
Other than as provided in the TOU, in particular, this section, your use of the Trademarks or any other ASKfm content is strictly prohibited.
You are also advised that ASKfm will enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
9E.
How do you handle Copyright Claims? 
It is our policy to respond to clear notices of alleged copyright or other IP rights infringement, and in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, to disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who may infringe or repeatedly infringe the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of ASKfm and/or others.
(a) Notice for Claims of Intellectual Property Violations and Agent for Notice.
This process is for copyright and intellectual property matters only and is designed to make submitting notices of alleged infringement to ASKfm as straightforward as possible, while also providing ASKfm with the necessary information for notice verification.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide ASKfm’s Copyright Agent with a written communication containing the following information in English (your “Notice”):
Note: If you are asserting infringement of an intellectual property right other than copyright, you should specify the intellectual property right at issue.
1.
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
2.
A detailed description sufficient to identify the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed, or if multiple works have been infringed, a representative list of such works on the ASKfm site;
3.
A description of the material that you claim is infringing and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate this material on the ASKfm site (as part of this information, you must provide us with the specific URL where the material is located);
4.
Information sufficient for ASKfm to contact you, including your username (if applicable), address, telephone number, and/or email address;
5.
A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use of the material is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agents, or the law;
6.
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury (if you are located in the US) or made truthfully (if you are located elsewhere) that the information in this notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner for the material or that you are authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf.
(b) What happens to my copyright claim notice?
In some circumstances, in order to notify the subscriber, account holder or host who provided the allegedly infringing content to which ASKfm has disabled access (or intends to disable access), ASKfm may forward a copy of your notification including your name and contact information to the subscriber or account holder.
The individual may choose to file a counter-notification explaining why the content does not infringe an IP right following receipt of our notice.
We may also, in our sole discretion, post a notice or a copy of your complaint on our site.
By providing us with a complaint, you are consenting to your complaint being forwarded to the subscriber, account holder or host who provided the allegedly infringing content, and/or to our posting a notice or copy of your complaint on our site.
(c) What if I change my mind or make a false copyright claim?
After submitting a copyright or other IP right, infringement notification, you may realize that you misidentified content or you might otherwise change your mind.
ASKfm will honour retractions of copyright or other IP claims from the party who originally submitted them.
It is important that you do not make false claims.
Submitting a claim of copyright or other IP right infringement is a serious matter with legal consequences.
Before you report a claim of copyright or other IP right infringement to us, you may wish to reach out to the individual posting the content.
You may be able to resolve the issue simply by bringing it to their attention without contacting us at all.
If you are unsure whether the content you are reporting is infringing your legal rights, you may wish to seek legal guidance.
Keep in mind that submitting intentionally misleading reports of infringement may be punishable under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) in the United States or similar laws in other countries.
(d) Who is the ASKfm copyright agent for DMCA purposes?
For the purpose of the DMCA, ASKfm’s Agent for notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached as follows:

By mail
 Copyright Agent Edison Legal Ltd 62 Mountcastle Wynd Kilwinning KA13 6DH


By email
 copyright@ask.fm
 10.
What about legal disclaimers, indemnities and liability?
10A.
ASKfm’s warranty disclaimer:
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” AND THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ASKFM, AND ITS RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, AND LICENSORS (“ASKFM PARTIES”) DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES AND YOUR USE OF THEM.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE ASKFM PARTIES MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS THAT WE HAVE THE NECESSARY SKILL TO RENDER THE SERVICES OR THAT THE SERVICES HAVE BEEN AND WILL BE PROVIDED WITH DUE SKILL, CARE AND DILIGENCE OR ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SERVICES’ CONTENT AND ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICE, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SERVICES, (V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SERVICES THROUGH THE ACTIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY, (VI) ANY LOSS OF YOUR DATA OR CONTENT FROM THE SERVICES AND/OR (VII) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES.
THE ASKFM PARTIES DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SERVICES, AND THE ASKFM PARTIES WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.
YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF YOUR COMMUNICATIONS AND INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER USERS OF THE SERVICES AND WITH OTHER PERSONS WITH WHOM YOU COMMUNICATE OR INTERACT AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES.
10B.
Important information about the limits of ASKfm’s liability to you
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ASKFM PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR SERVERS, (V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SERVICE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, (VI) ANY LOSS OF YOUR DATA OR CONTENT FROM THE SERVICES (VII) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE ASKFM PARTIES ARE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND/OR (VIII) THE DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION PURSUANT TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR PRIVACY POLICY.
DESPITE THE ABOVE, OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE OF ACTION YOU TAKE AGAINST US WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (1) ONE HUNDRED EURO (€100.00) OR (2) YOUR TOTAL SPEND ON ELECTRONIC GIFTS THROUGH THE SERVICES OVER THE LAST TWELVE (12) MONTHS.
Some countries and jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of consequential, direct, indirect, or other damages in contracts with consumers and to the extent you are a consumer the limitations or exclusions in this section may not apply to you.
YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE ASKFM PARTIES ARE NOT PUBLISHERS OF USER SUBMISSIONS OR LIABLE FOR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE ASKFM PARTIES DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR USER SUBMISSIONS.
YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT CONTENT YOU PUBLISH AND / OR TRANSMIT ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICES TO OTHER USERS OR ENTITIES MAY BE COPIED, RE-USED, OR FURTHER DISCLOSED BY SUCH OTHER USERS OR ENTITIES OUTSIDE OF THE ASKFM PARTIES’ CONTROL AND THAT THE ASKFM PARTIES ARE NOT LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY SUCH USE OF CONTENT BY OTHERS.
10C.
You indemnify ASKfm for its losses
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold the ASKfm Parties harmless from and against any third-party claims, damages (actual and/or consequential), actions, proceedings, demands, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees) suffered or reasonably incurred by us arising as a result of, or in connection with, (i) your access to and use of ASKfm.
(ii) your breach of the TOU, including, but not limited to, any infringement by you of the copyright or intellectual property rights of any third party.
or (iii) any products or services purchased or obtained by you in connection with the Services.
ASKfm retains the exclusive right to settle, compromise and pay, without your prior consent, any and all claims or causes of action which are brought against us.
We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter, for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defence of these claims.
You agree not to settle any matter in which we are named as a defendant and/or for which you have indemnity obligations without our prior written consent.
We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it. 11.
Is ASKfm liable if I use another third-party site or service?
Information provided by our users through the Services may contain links to third-party websites, mobile apps or other services that are not owned or controlled by us.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites.
In addition, we will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site.
By using the Services, you expressly acknowledge and agree that the ASKfm Parties shall not be responsible for any damages, claims or other liability arising from or related to your use of any third-party website.
You may also encounter third-party applications (including, without limitation, social networking websites, plug-ins, widgets, software, or other software utilities) (“Third-Party Applications”) that interact with or are part of the Services.
These Third-Party Applications may import data related to your account and use of the Services and otherwise gather data from you.
These Third-Party Applications are provided solely as a convenience to you, and unless noted otherwise by us, ASKfm is not responsible for and does not endorse the content of such Third-Party Applications.
By using Third-Party Applications, you acknowledge and agree to the following: (a) if you use a Third-Party Application to share information relating to your account, you are consenting to the information about your account being shared.
(b) your interaction with a Third-Party Application may cause personal information to be publicly disclosed and/or associated with you.
(c) we may send information about you to these Third-Party Applications.
and (d) your USE OF A THIRD-PARTY APPLICATION IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
You will hold ASKfm harmless for the sharing of information relating to your account that results from your use of Third-Party Applications.
The Third-Party Application’s terms, privacy policy, and/or any other documentation or materials will govern your use of that Third-Party Application.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ASKFM DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS. 12.
What are the other important legal points I need to know?
12A.
What country’s law governs our relationship?
You agree that: (i) the Services shall be provided from Ireland.
(ii) the laws of Ireland apply to these TOU, including any contractual or non-contractual matter or dispute arising out of or in connection with these TOU, your access to and use of the Services, and the relationship between us and you.
and (iii) the courts of Ireland have exclusive jurisdiction in connection with these TOU and all such matters and disputes arising out of or connected to the Services.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree that we may seek interim, preliminary or protective relief before the competent courts of any jurisdiction.
12B.
What about Data Charges, if I use my mobile device? 
By using the Services, including certain features such as invite-a-friend, on your mobile phone (and/or any other device) you may be subject to charges by your Internet or mobile service provider, so check with them first if you are not sure, as you will be responsible for any such costs.
12C.
Entire Agreement and Waiver.
These TOU, together with the Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and us concerning the Services.
If for any reason, any provision of these TOU is declared to be illegal, invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable by a competent court of any jurisdiction, then to the extent that term is illegal, invalid, void or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these TOU, and the remainder of these TOU shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
No failure or delay by us in exercising any right, power or privilege under these TOU shall operate as a waiver of such right or acceptance of any variation of these TOU and nor shall any single or partial exercise by either party of any right, power or privilege preclude any further exercise of that right or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
12D.
No Third Party Rights. 
Nothing in these TOU shall confer or purport to confer any rights on any other third party.
12E.
Restrictions on Assignment.
You will not transfer any of your rights or obligations under these TOU to anyone else without our written consent.
All of our rights and obligations under the TOU are freely assignable by us in connection with a merger, acquisition, consolidation, reorganization, sale of assets, by operation of law or otherwise.
12F.
Linking and Framing.
You may not frame the Services.
You may link to the Services, provided that you acknowledge and agree that you will not link the Services to any website containing any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent, or unlawful topic, name, material, or information or that violates any intellectual property, proprietary, privacy, or publicity rights.
Any violation of this provision may, in our sole discretion, result in termination of your use of and access to the Services effective immediately. 13.
How can I contact ASKfm if I have a question or need help?
If you have any questions about these TOU, you can contact us by clicking here or by writing us at the following address:
 Ask.fm Europe Limited 6th Floor, South Bank House, Barrow Street,  Dublin 4, Ireland
 