 Privacy and Cookies Policy The BBC Privacy and Cookies Policy  Page updated: August 2019 Version 3.1 

Download Privacy and Cookies Policy as PDF
 Sections 
1.
What's in this policy?
2.
What does this policy cover?
3.
How do you protect my personal information?
4.
What types of personal information does the BBC collect about me?
5.
How long will the BBC keep my personal information?
6.
How can the BBC use my personal information?
7.
When will the BBC use my information to contact me?
8.
Will I be contacted for marketing purposes?
9.
When does the BBC share my personal information with others?
10.
What's different for kids and teens?
11.
Can I delete my information?
12.
What are my rights?
13.
How does the BBC use cookies and similar tracking?
14.
How will I find out about changes to this policy?
15.
How can I contact the BBC?
 1.
What's in this policy? This policy tells you:

what information we might collect about you
how we might use that information
when we might use your details to contact you
what information of yours we might share with others
your choices about the personal information you give us
 Back to top 2.
What does this policy cover? This policy covers the services that are offered by the British Broadcasting Corporation.
And sometimes it covers services offered by parts of our organisation that operate as separate companies.
Such as:
BBC World Service, BBC Studios, BBC Studioworks, BBC Global News, BBC Media Applications Technology, BBC World Service Trading and TV Licensing and BBC charities.
But only when those services link to this policy or tell you it applies.
It’s up to you to decide how much detail you want to know.
We have just-in-time explanations that appear when we ask you to input your personal information.
As well as what’s in this Policy, a service might have a short privacy notice.
In that privacy notice you can find key information on what we do with your personal information when you use that service.
And if you’re after more detail have a look at these topics.

What's not covered in this policy?

Our services sometimes link to services run by other companies' services, like opening a track from BBC Sounds on another music service such as Spotify.
Those companies have their own privacy and cookies policies, so remember that the information you give them will follow their rules and not ours.
Sometimes you can access our services from other places, like a BBC Radio 1 YouTube page or the BBC iPlayer app on your connected TV.
Make sure to check their privacy policy so you know how they will use your information. Back to top 3.
How do you protect my personal information? We're strongly committed to keeping you and your family's information safe.
And to do this we design our services with your safety in mind.
We also have dedicated teams to look after your information security and privacy.
At the same time, no service can be completely secure - if you have any concerns that your BBC account or personal information has been put at risk, for example if someone could have found out your password, please get in touch straight away.

Where we store your information

Some companies that provide services to us run their services from outside the UK and the European Economic Area.
We only let that happen if we are satisfied with their levels of security.
Keep in mind that when you give us personal information it could be being transferred, stored or processed in a location outside the UK and the EEA. Back to top 4.
What types of personal information does the BBC collect about me? We'll give you details about why we need your personal information and how we'll use it before you begin, unless it's obvious.

a.
Information that you give us

We might ask for your name and contact details, your date of birth or financial details, depending on what you're doing.
If you apply to take part in a programme on politics, for example, we might ask you about your political opinions.
Information you give us might include information in a creation you share with us, such as people's names that appear in the creation.
When you register for a BBC account, or update your details or settings we ask for some personal information, like your email address and age.

b.
Device information

Devices are lots of things like:

your computer
your mobile
your TV
your tablet
your voice-enabled device

We automatically collect some technical information from these devices and web browsers even when you're not signed into to a BBC account.
This might include:

IP (internet protocol) address
device ID
app ID
vendor ID
advertising ID


c.
Information on your activities outside the BBC when you talk about us

Like if you've mentioned us in a Twitter post, we'll collect your Twitter handle.

d.
Information on how you use our services

Like the articles you read and the programmes you watch. Back to top 5.
How long will the BBC keep my personal information? When you give us any personal information we'll let you know how long we'll hold it for.
And always stick to these principles:

we only hold your information for as long as we do the activities we told you about or have a valid reason to keep it
we think about what type of information it is, the amount collected, how sensitive it might be and any legal requirements
we design our services so that we don't hold your information any longer than we have to
we may close your BBC account if you haven't used it in the last year.
We'll send you an email to tell you that we plan to do this before we delete anything, so please check to see if we've sent you any emails about this
 Back to top 6.
How can the BBC use my personal information? We have to have a valid reason to use your personal information.
It's called the "lawful basis for processing".
Sometimes we might ask your permission to do things, like when you subscribe to an email.
Other times, when you'd reasonably expect us to use your personal information, we don't ask your permission, but only when:

the law says it's fine to use it, and
it fits with the rights you have

We use your information for these types of things:

a.
to deliver our services and to provide you with information about them


b.
to deal with your requests, complaints and enquiries


c.
to check if you're using BBC iPlayer and to keep the licensing database accurate and up to date


d.
to personalise services and give you things more tailored to your tastes

Your BBC account lets you personalise your BBC online experience.
To do that, “Allow Personalisation” is set to on when you create an account.
If you’re under 13 and create an account your personalisation is set to off.
Information about how you use our online services is then connected with other information you give us to personalise your experience.
If you don’t want us to do this, you can always turn personalisation off in your account settings.
If you’re under 13 you don’t need to do anything.

e.
to show you relevant advertising on another company's site


f.
to help us understand what kind of services you might use

And sometimes how you might share things with other people

g.
to recommend things we think might interest you


h.
to show you advertising when you access a BBC service from outside the UK

Some of this advertising might be tailored to you.

i.
to research and innovate

You're not a guinea-pig here, but knowing how you use our services could lead to the next big technology breakthrough.

j.
to contact you about various things
 Back to top 7.
When will the BBC use my information to contact me? We might use your information to contact you about different things, like:

to update you on any changes to the BBC’s policies, practices and Terms of Use
to check with you about any service or activity you’ve signed up for.
For example, we might tell you if your BBC account hasn't been used in a long time.
Or it might be about creating a child account
to contact you about a creation you sent us, like things you’ve sent in to School Report news day
to answer you when you’ve contacted us, or to respond to a comment or complaint
to invite you to take part in surveys about BBC services, which are always voluntary
for marketing purposes
to send you notifications on your device depending on your settings

We’ll only contact you when we need to or when you’ve given us permission.
We’ll never contact you to ask for your BBC account password. Back to top 8.
Will I be contacted for marketing purposes? We'll only send you marketing emails or contact you about BBC programmes, services and your views on issues about the BBC if you've agreed to this.
Keep in mind, even if you unsubscribe, we may still contact you.

Will my personal information be used when the BBC advertises with other companies?

If you have a BBC account we might use information that we hold about you to show you relevant and targeted advertising for BBC services through other companies’ sites, like Facebook, Google, Snapchat or Twitter for example.
This could be showing you a BBC sponsored message where we know you have a BBC account and have used BBC services.
If you don’t want to see our targeted advertising, you can set ad preferences in your social media companies’ settings.
Also, you can visit your BBC account and turn this off. Back to top 9.
When does the BBC share my personal information with others? We'll never sell your personal information.
We do share it with others in these ways:

a.
When you make something public

Like post a comment which the public can see.

b.
When we use other companies to power our services

In order for us to give you quality experiences and to understand how you're using our services we often use other companies to process your personal information on our behalf.
For example, sending you emails about things we think might interest you, to ask you what you think about our services, or to analyse data on how people use our digital services so we can improve them.
We make sure that your personal information is looked after as if we were handling it directly.
We carefully select these companies, only share with them what they need to do the work and we make sure they keep your information secure.

c.
When we share personal information with companies in the BBC family


d.
When you use another company's service that connects to us, like voice-enabled devices and connected TV

You can access our services through a voice-enabled device, like Amazon Alexa, or a connected TV.
You’ll need to sign in to your BBC account to use BBC services on your connected TV.
When you do this we’ll share an identifier for your BBC account with the company who runs the service you are using.
Make sure to check that company’s privacy policy so you know how it will use your information.
The BBC isn’t responsible when you access a BBC service through another company’s services.
It’s up to you if you want to access the BBC in this way.

e.
When we do collaborative research

We do research activities and sometimes collaborate with research partners.
Every now and then we share our content and data with them.
This might include information we’ve collected about you.
But we’re careful about what we share and what our research partners can do with it.

f.
TV Licensing

We share some personal information with TV Licensing, to check if you’re using BBC iPlayer and to keep the licensing database accurate and up to date.

g.
Sometimes by law we have to pass on your information to other organisations

We might also share your information if we have to by law, or when we need to protect you or other people from harm. Back to top 10.
What's different for kids and teens? The BBC has services that are kid-friendly and for teens.
Here's what happens when you use them.

a.
Why do we collect information about you in the first place?

We keep information about you so that we can

get the right services for you
plan and improve our services
keep in touch with you


b.
We'll always tell you why we're collecting your personal information

We’ll explain why and how we use it and for how long.
It’s called a “privacy notice”.
And if we need your parent or guardian's permission we'll give you clear details about what's needed at the time.

c.
We can only use your personal information if we have a valid reason


d.
We share personal information about you to others but we follow some rules

The main rule is we will never sell your personal information to anyone.

e.
We might ask you to tell us your age

To make sure you use the parts of the BBC that are suitable for you.
For example:

so that adults don't post comments on kid's message boards
when you want to get a BBC account
When you're watching a programme, like on BBC iPlayer, and it's a bit edgy


f.
Sometimes we'll ask to get your parent or guardian's consent

You'll see a notification.
We might also ask for some details from them, so that we can contact them.
Other times we may contact your parent or guardian:

so you can get notifications from us
so we can show you more things we think you'll like, based on what you do
so you can post comments
so you can upload your contribution to us


g.
Sometimes we'll tell your parents about your activities

For example, if you enter one of our competitions, we might contact your parent.

h.
When we can contact you

Sometimes we need to get in touch with you but we'll always follow these rules.

i.
It's safe to use us

It's our job to keep your personal information safe and secure.
That's why we design our services with your safety in mind.
And we're always looking for the best ways to improve this.
There are also things that you can do to keep safe, like thinking about what information you share and how to keep your devices secure.

j.
Human beings and not robots will make the big decisions that affect you


k.
You might not be able to use our services if you're outside the UK

If you're outside the UK you might not be able to access some services.
Like CBBC and CBeebies.
And you may not be able to get a BBC account.
Sorry about that.

l.
You're in control of how we use cookies and tracking

Cookies are small text files that transfer onto your device when you use a service.
We use cookies and tracking to get information about what type of device you’re using to access our services and we record things like what sites you visit, your IP address (a unique number your device creates every time you connect to the internet) and to make things easier for you, like remembering where you got to in a game or what emoji you selected.
You can switch off some cookies and similar tracking technologies.
Or your parent or guardian can do this if you’re under 13.
But other cookies can’t be turned off.

m.
What we do when you post, upload or share a creation

When you share your creation with us we'll try to tell you exactly what we're going to do with it.

n.
You've got privacy rights, the same as adults, so get to know what they are

You can:

ask us what personal information we hold about you
ask us to correct or delete your personal information
tell us to stop using your personal information

If you're 13 or older, you can do this yourself, but not always.
Sometimes we'll be asking for your parent or guardian to do that.
If you're under 13 your parent or guardian probably has to do it for you. Back to top 11.
Can I delete my information? This depends on what information you're talking about.

a.
If you're talking about BBC account

You can delete your account.
Your account information is immediately deleted.
Keep in mind:

we keep a record of how you've used our services, but this information can't be linked back to you
we also keep anything you've uploaded or commented on


b.
What about other information I've shared with you?

We might have collected other personal information that you might ask to be deleted that has nothing to do with BBC account. Back to top 12.
What are my rights? Remember, you're in control of your personal information.
You have the right to:

request a copy of your information
not let robots make big decisions about you
to ask us to correct information that's wrong, to delete it or to request that we only use it for certain purposes
to change your mind, and ask us to stop using your information.
For example, unsubscribing from any marketing emails or turning off personalisation

Bear in mind, sometimes we might not be able to help.
Like if the law tells us we can't or it forms part of our journalistic output. Back to top 13.
How does the BBC use cookies and similar tracking? 
a.
What are cookies and tracking technologies?

Cookies are small text files which are transferred to your computer or mobile when you visit a website or app.
There are also similar pieces of tracking information we collect.

b.
Why do we use cookies and other tracking?

To do a few different things:

to remember information about you, so you don't have to give it to us again.
And again.
And again
to keep you signed in, even on different devices
to help us understand how people are using our services, so we can make them better
to deliver advertising to websites outside of the UK
to help us personalise the BBC to you by remembering your preferences and settings.
And your progress, so you can pause and pick up where you left off watching a programme even on a different device
to find out if our emails have been read and if you find them useful


c.
What are the types of cookies?

Some cookies are always on when you visit us, and you can’t turn them off unless you change your browser settings.
We call these “strictly necessary cookies”.
We use them to make sure our digital services work correctly and are meeting audience needs and interests.
We also use functional, performance and advertising cookies to make your experience more enjoyable.
You can switch these on or off at any time and you can always change your mind.
We’ll only use them if you’ve agreed.
Bear in mind there are some other cookies out there from other companies.
These "third-party cookies" might track how you use different websites, including ours.
For example, you might get a social media company’s cookie when you see the option to share something.
You can turn them off, but not through us.

d.
How do cookies last?

Some are erased when you close the browser on your website or app.
Others stay longer, sometimes forever, and are saved onto your device so that they’re there when you come back.

e.
How do I control my cookies and tracking?

Strictly necessary cookies are always on when you visit us.
On your first visit to us, we’ll tell you about our other types of cookies and ask you to choose which cookies we can use.
You can always change your mind by going to your settings.
Stopping all cookies might mean you can’t access some BBC services, or that some of them might not work properly for you.
Another way to control some tracking is in the settings on your device. Back to top 14.
How will I find out about changes to this policy? We update this policy sometimes.
If we make important changes, like how we use your personal information, we'll let you know.
It might be a notice, an email or a message in your app.
If you don't agree to the changes, then you can always stop using our services, delete your account and stop giving us any more personal information.
We'd be sorry to see you go. Back to top 15.
How can I contact the BBC? Find out more and contact us about your rights.
For any other questions or comments about this policy speak to our Data Protection Officer.

by email
by post

BBC DPO, BC2 A4, 201 Wood Lane, London W12 7TP
We're regulated by the Information Commissioner's Office.
You can also contact them for advice and support.
© BBC 2019 Back to top Choose language: CymraegGàidhlig 
1.
What's in this policy?
2.
What does this policy cover?
3.
How do you protect my personal information?
4.
What types of personal information does the BBC collect about me?
5.
How long will the BBC keep my personal information?
6.
How can the BBC use my personal information?
7.
When will the BBC use my information to contact me?
8.
Will I be contacted for marketing purposes?
9.
When does the BBC share my personal information with others?
10.
What's different for kids and teens?
11.
Can I delete my information?
12.
What are my rights?
13.
How does the BBC use cookies and similar tracking?
14.
How will I find out about changes to this policy?
15.
How can I contact the BBC?
 Back to top   Terms of Use Terms of Use for the BBC’s digital services  Page updated: 31 October 2018 Version 1.5 

Download the Terms of Use as a PDF
 Sections 
 Hello
 When these terms apply
What’s this about "services" and "content"?
When other terms apply
 Child-friendly services and tools
 When you need a TV Licence
Terms for using our services and content
 Using BBC content
Shareables - what they are
Shareables - what you can do
Shareables - what you can't do
Shareables - what you have to do
Shareables - a thing we have to say
Open-source software
Metadata and feeds
Creations - what they are
Creations - the terms
Creations - what you can do with them
Creations - what BBC can do with them
Creations - what you can't send us
Your BBC Account
Mishaps
External links
BBC iPlayer
Final stuff
 Hello These are the BBC’s terms of use.
They tell you:

The rules for using our services
What you can do with our content (share it, link to it, that sort of thing)
What we can do with things you post or upload.

Your rights and responsibilities, basically – important stuff.
We’ve kept them as short as possible, and we’ve made videos for the complicated bits.
So do read them, and check in for updates as the latest version always applies (we’ll usually only make updates when we release a new service, change how we provide a service, or have to comply with a new legal requirement). Back to top When these terms apply Read these terms before using our services.
Whenever you use our services you agree to these terms.
If you don’t stick to all these terms then we can suspend or terminate your use of services and your account.
But first… Back to top What’s this about "services" and "content"? That’s media speak for:

a.
Services

Anything digital offered by the BBC.
Such as:

Websites (like&nbsp;bbc.co.uk,&nbsp;BBC News)
BBC iPlayer
Apps (like BBC Sport, BBC News)
Podcasts
Content available through feeds, like RSS
Red Button


b.
Content

Anything that’s available through those services.
Including:

TV and radio shows
Text
Audio
Video
Images
Games
Software
Technical stuff such as metadata and open-source code
Anything made by people using our services.
User-generated content, that’s called.
 Back to top When other terms apply 
a.
When you use services provided by BBC Worldwide or someone else

When you use someone else's services or products, like a virtual reality headset, they will have terms for using them.
Some services are provided by BBC Worldwide.
These will have their own terms.

b.
When you use services where we tell you they apply

Like when you enter a competition.&nbsp;If there are extra terms, we’ll always let you know. Back to top Child-friendly services and tools If you’re looking for something child-friendly, here are some good starting points:

CBeebies
CBeebies Playtime&nbsp;Island
CBeebies iPlayer
CBBC
CBBC iPlayer

Ultimately, it’s up to you to decide what’s suitable.
But here are some tools that may help:

To stop children accessing&nbsp;Guidance-labelled content, use the&nbsp;BBC Parental Guidance Lock.
To teach children about staying safe online, try&nbsp;CBBC Stay Safe.
For advice on how to keep your children safe online visit&nbsp;Internet Matters.
On that site is how-to advice to&nbsp;activate parental controls&nbsp;for your devices, gaming consoles, broadband access and entertainment platforms around your home.
 Back to top When you need a TV Licence You need to be covered by a TV Licence to watch or record live TV programmes on any channel, or to watch or download BBC programmes on iPlayer when you’re in the UK, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man.
This could be on any device, including a TV, desktop computer, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, games console, digital box or DVD/VHS recorder.
If you’re outside these areas you need to check if your country has its own TV licensing scheme.
Find out more about&nbsp;when you need a TV Licence. Back to top Terms for using our services and content A few rules to stop you (and us) getting in trouble.
These apply to our services and content.
One exception is content that’s made to be shared – “shareables” for short – which has some different, more relaxed rules.
The rules&nbsp;about shareables&nbsp;are here.

a.
Don’t mess with our services

What do we mean by that? This sort of thing:

Hacking them
Trying to get around our content security technology (software that stops people copying our content)
Accessing content from outside the UK that you aren’t allowed to, or helping others do the same.
For example: using a VPN service so you can watch BBC iPlayer when you're outside the UK
Refusing to remove content, games or apps from your device when we ask you to.
This might happen when we take down services.
Which we can do at any time, without notice.


b.
Don’t harm or offend other people...

...while using our services or content.
That means:

Don’t damage our reputation by associating us with sexism or racism, for instance
Don’t get us sued – by defaming (damaging the reputation of) someone, say, or commenting on an active lawsuit
Don’t harass or upset people
Don’t post or upload anything offensive or obscene
If you disagree with someone, attack the argument, not the person.


c.
Play it safe

When you watch or play an app or game, be aware of your surroundings and use your device safely.
Don’t use our 360° and virtual reality apps if you:

Are pregnant
Have consumed anything that may affect your balance
Have (or have had) a medical condition, like binocular vision abnormalities, psychiatric disorders, seizures or a heart problem.

Make sure you’re in a safe place, preferably seated.
Stop immediately if you feel:

Sick
Eye strain
Dizziness
Any discomfort.

Don’t take part in any activities where you need to focus straight after, or if you feel slightly dazed or confused.

d.
Don’t pretend to be the BBC

Except at fancy dress parties.
That includes:

Recreating a service or copying the look of a service
Using our brands, trade marks or logos without our permission
Using or mentioning our content in press releases and other marketing bumph
Making money from our content or services.
You can’t charge people to watch our shows, for example
Sharing our content.
Apart from&nbsp;shareables.
 Back to top Using BBC content 
a.
When you need permission

To use any of the following things…

Whole shows
Clips
Photos
Content from bbc.co.uk
Our logo and other branding
Anything else that’s protected by copyright.

…you’ll need to get permission.
We don’t always own the copyright.
Our content often includes other people’s content, you see.
For instance, a TV show might feature images, video and music that belong to artists, actors and musicians.
Or we only have a licence to broadcast a show, and it’s the production company who owns it.
So you’ll have to ask them if you can use it.
Except under certain circumstances…

b.
When you already have permission&nbsp;


If you’re at a school, college or university that’s got an Educational Recording Agency licence.
Read about the&nbsp;Educational Recording Agency licence here.
Read about other&nbsp;copyright exceptions here.
For shareables.
The&nbsp;rules about shareables are here.
For&nbsp;open-source code&nbsp;and&nbsp;open data.
To&nbsp;download podcasts&nbsp;for personal use using our download button.
You can download podcasts for personal use.
You can also transfer podcasts between your devices.
But don’t upload a podcast back to the internet from your device.
Use the sharing buttons instead to tell your friends about it.
To download&nbsp;BBC iPlayer programmes&nbsp;using our download button.


c.
How to get permission

For logos and branding, read this.
For metadata and feeds, read this.
For business use, read this.&nbsp;Bear in mind: you normally need to ask permission and there may be a fee to pay.
For everything else, read this.&nbsp; Back to top Shareables - what they are Content that’s shareable will have one or more of these buttons next to it:

Share
Embed
Social media buttons for posting to Facebook, Twitter and so on.

We don’t always own the copyright for shareables.
Sometimes we have to get a licence or permission from the people who made it.
So stick to these rules.
Otherwise, among other things, the people who made it won’t want to make content for us again.
You’ll need to get our permission first for any business use, and you might have to pay a fee.
For&nbsp;business use read this.
When you share to a social media platform their terms will apply.
Do read their terms (which you can search for online). Back to top Shareables - what you can do 
a.
Use sharing buttons

To share a link to our content on your website or social media.

b.
Use our player

It’s fine to use our embed button to put our player on your website or social media account.
But don’t change how the player works, and don’t take content out of it.
Don’t embed any content that doesn’t have an embed button.
&nbsp;
Different rules apply for using iPlayer.
Read about them&nbsp;here.
&nbsp;

c.
Post comments and views...

… about our shareables.
That’s fine.
Encouraged, even.
Just as long as they’re not evil. Back to top Shareables - what you can't do 
a.
Don’t use them to harm or offend.
And don't put shareables with harmful or offensive stuff.

Here’s a list of things that may harm or offend:

Insulting, misleading, discriminating or defaming (damaging people’s reputations)
Promoting pornography, tobacco or weapons
Putting children at risk
Anything illegal.
Like using hate speech, inciting terrorism or breaking privacy law
Anything that would harm the BBC’s reputation.


b.
Don’t make it look like they cost money

You can't charge others for using our shareables.
If you put them on a site that charges for content, you have to say they’re free-to-view.

c.
Don’t make them more prominent than non-BBC content

Otherwise it might look like we’re endorsing you.
Which we’re not allowed to do.
Also, use shareables alongside other stuff.
You can’t make a service of your own that contains only our shareables.
Speaking of which…

d.
Don’t exaggerate your relationship with the BBC

You can’t say we endorse, promote, supply or approve of you.
Don’t use shareables for political purposes.
And you can’t say you have exclusive access to our content.

e.
Don’t associate them with advertising or sponsorship

That means you can’t:

Put any other content between the link to the shareable and the shareable itself.
So no ads or short videos people have to sit through
Put ads next to or over them
Put any ads in a web page or app that contain mostly shareables
Put ads related to their subject alongside shareables.
So no trainer ads with a shareable about shoes
Add extra content that means you’d earn money from them.


f.
Don’t be misleading about where they came from

You can’t remove or alter the copyright notice, or imply that someone else made them. Back to top Shareables - what you have to do 
Use the latest version and, where we have it, don’t remove any tagging or tracking.
Make sure it’s displayed accurately.
Add a credit (if it doesn’t already have one).

Most come with credits included.
If not, put one of these in a prominent place nearby to show where you got the shareable from:

Source –&nbsp;BBC News
bbc.com/news
BBC Sport
bbc.co.uk&nbsp;– © copyright [the year goes here] BBC

If possible, add a hyperlink to the shareable’s original location.
Make sure it works, and don’t put anything between the credit and the link. Back to top Shareables - a thing we have to say Apart from&nbsp;what we’re responsible for when there’s a mishap, we’re not liable for anything that happens to you if you use a shareable. Back to top Open-source software Some open-source software is available as downloads.
Find out more on our&nbsp;open-source here.
When you access it, we’ll always let you know what terms apply. Back to top Metadata and feeds 
a.
For people

You’re not allowed to pluck metadata from our content or feeds.
You can add the BBC News feed to your website or social media account.
Provided:

You don't change the feed or remove any of our branding or logos
You credit us by saying it's from BBC News, bbc.co.uk/news or bbc.com/news putting the text and hyperlink in a prominent place nearby
You don't add our branding, logos and so on, except for any branding that's already embedded in the feed.

Read about how to set up a BBC News feed here.

b.
For business

You’ll need a licence to use our metadata (such as images, text, media and the links to them).&nbsp;Apply for a metadata licence.&nbsp;
For&nbsp;business use of our feeds&nbsp;you'll need to get our permission, and there may be a fee to pay. Back to top Creations - what they are This part is about when you create your own content by:

Uploading something of yours to one of our services – like uploading to comment boards and forums
Uploading your clip or photo of a breaking story to BBC News
Using a service (like the Doctor Who Game Maker) to make something and then uploading it to the BBC.

We call these somethings “creations”.
Things you enter into competitions (like drawings) don’t count as creations for these terms.
Competitions have their own terms. Back to top Creations - the terms 
a.
There might be tinkering

Some services have tools that let other people use, reproduce, modify or edit your creation, or make things inspired by it.

b.
We won't pay you for it

We appreciate you sharing your creation with us but sadly we can’t pay you.

c.
There might be other terms

Sometimes uploading a creation to our services means using a tool provided by someone other than the BBC.
For example you can use WhatsApp to share your stories and eyewitness accounts with BBC News.
Sometimes the provider’s terms and conditions apply to using their tool.
Do read their terms (which you can search for online) as they tell you what the provider can do with your creation when you use their tool.

d.
Personal Information

We (or the provider we use so you can upload your creation) will not share the personal information you provide to us without letting you know first.
Read more on how we use your personal data&nbsp;in our privacy policy.

e.
We hope to use your creation

But we can't guarantee it.

f.
Your name

We usually show your name alongside your creation.
We’ll try to remove it if you ask us to, but this isn’t always possible.

g.
Moral rights

When you upload a creation, you give up your moral rights to it.
That means we can:

Use your creation without identifying you as the creator
Edit or change your creation and you won’t be able to say we’ve treated it in a “derogatory” way.

Read more about moral rights here.&nbsp;And here’s a shorter explanation of moral rights.

h.
We might contact you

To check if you’ve got permission to use any music, images, clips or text in your creation.
Or just for administrative purposes.
Read more about how and when we might contact you in our privacy and cookies policy. Back to top Creations - what you can do with them 
a.
When you own the copyright

You own the copyright if your creation is completely new and original.
Which usually means it doesn’t feature anyone else’s content, such as videos and music.
If so, you can do whatever you like with it.
Read more about your copyright here.
Read more about copyright in general here.
You can share your creations with some of our services, like message boards, forums, pin boards, and in the comments at the bottom of some news stories.

b.
When you don't own the copyright

If your creation contains content – like images, sounds, music or video – made by someone else, the copyright for that content may belong to them.
Which usually means you’ll have to get their permission to do anything with your creation.
That includes posting, submitting or uploading it to the BBC.
Read more about your copyright here.
Read more about copyright in general here.
Once you’ve got permission, you can share your creation with the public.
On your website, for instance, or on social media. Back to top Creations - what BBC can do with them When you share your creation with us, we try to tell you exactly what we’re going to do with it.
But that’s not always possible, so here’s what might happen…
When you post, upload or contribute a creation, we can:

a.
Use, host or store it in BBC services and content

So you might see your creation on TV, on BBC Online, social media or on other sites who have our permission to feature some of our content.

b.
Copy, change or translate it, or make things inspired by it

We will only edit your news related content where necessary.&nbsp;Read about how we use your news related comments and creations here.

c.
Use it with our tools for making creations or remixing content

Some of our services - like the Doctor Who Game Maker - feature tools for playing around with our content, writing your own code, and making things like games and visualisations.
These might:

Put your creations on display to inspire other people,
Invite others to use your creation to make their own creation.&nbsp;


d.
Share it to do research

We do research activities and sometimes collaborate with research partners.
Every now and then we share our content and data with them.
But we're careful about what we share and what our research partners can do with it.

e.
Moderate it

Which means we can review, edit, remove or decide not to display it.
And, if it breaks any laws, we can refer it to the police and other authorities.

f.
And we can use it


Anywhere in the world
In any medium (for example TV, the internet, radio and apps)
For as long as we want – even if you stop using our services.

And anyone we work with can do those things too.
For example, if you send an image to BBC News, we could share a news item featuring that image with a foreign broadcaster, who’d then be able to do all the things above.
They could also charge their users to see it. Back to top Creations - what you can't send us Don’t send us anything that:
a.
Was made by someone else, or that copies someone else's creation
b.
Isn't in English (unless we've asked you to comment in another language)
c.
Is illegal or defamatory (damaging to someone else’s reputation)
d.
Is inappropriate (offensive, off-topic or disruptive)
e.
Contains personal details
f.
Contains spam (unless you're commenting on a story about reconstituted meat)
g.
Breaks our election or referendum rules.&nbsp;
h.
Puts children at risk
i.
Infringes anyone’s rights (that includes privacy rights)
j.
You’ve made as part of your job or for your business
k.
Promotes a business
l.
Identifies someone (unless you have their consent or, if they’re under 16, the consent of their parent or guardian)
m.
Is in contempt of court
n.
Contains links to content that can't be seen easily, may be unsafe (viruses, worms, spyware and Trojans) or automatically launches lots of windows.
k.
Doesn’t comply with these terms Back to top Your BBC Account 
a.
Registering for an account

You need an account to use some of our services, like BBC iPlayer, personal recommendations and notifications.

b.
Get your BBC account&nbsp;here.&nbsp;

To keep your account safe, don’t:

Tell anyone your username or password
Give us false information
Try to log in as someone else
Try to bypass our security measures
Create more than one account
Create an account for someone else, except for your child.

And be sure to keep your details up-to-date.

c.
What we do with your information

The data you send us when you register, fill in web forms or use our services helps us to:

Provide you with services, recommendations, notifications and other features
Improve our existing services and come up with new ones.

Read more on how we use your personal data in our privacy and cookies policy.

d.
Changing settings and deleting your account

Find out how to tinker with or delete your account here.

e.
Changing settings on your device

This can stop some of our services from working properly.
Find out more about changing your settings here. Back to top Mishaps We take great care to make our content and services the best they can be.
So if something does go wrong, we are responsible only:
a.
If our services or content damage your device or anything on it.
Should this happen, you might be able to ask for compensation under consumer protection law.
Compensation isn’t guaranteed, though.
Be sure to get legal advice.
b.
For certain unlikely events.
If our negligence causes death or injury, for example.
c.
If you’re an individual “consumer” and it would be unfair for us to not be held responsible.
Otherwise, we’re not liable for anything that happens if:

You rely on advice, data, commentary, opinions or any other content
There are errors, omissions, interruptions, delays, bugs or viruses
We turn off or remove content, services, external links or creations (we’d normally only do this when we moderate, for legal reasons, or if we’re improving a service)
The thing that happens couldn’t reasonably have been foreseen
The thing that happens wouldn’t usually result from the mishap
You and we hadn’t agreed that this thing would probably happen in the event of a mishap.

This applies to sites we link to as well as our content and services.
Speaking of which… Back to top External links We sometimes link to non-BBC sites.
And we sometimes put our services on them – when you connect with us on social media, for example.
A few things to bear in mind:
a.
We don’t endorse the sites we link to.
b.
We’re not responsible for their content or liable for anything that happens to you if you use them.
c.
If you or anyone else shares something containing a link, we’re not responsible for anything on the site it links to.
d.
External sites usually have their own terms of use. Back to top BBC iPlayer 
a.
The rules for personal use


iPlayer programmes are only available for a certain period of time, after which they’re automatically deleted.
Don’t try to use technical trickery to get around this.&nbsp;Read more about iPlayer’s use-by dates here.
Don’t stream or download iPlayer TV shows when you’re outside the UK.
Radio shows are usually fine, though.&nbsp;Read more about using iPlayer outside the UK here.
Don’t use iPlayer to make money.
That means no ads or sponsorship, and no charging people to watch it.
You need a TV Licence to download or watch BBC programmes on iPlayer.
Find out more at&nbsp;www.tvlicensing.co.uk.


b.
The rules for business

You can offer access to iPlayer on your premises for watching or downloading BBC programmes.
But:

You’ll need a TV Licence.
For more on that, visit&nbsp;tvlicensing.co.uk.
Using iPlayer to play a whole show or a clip to an audience is a different story.&nbsp;Find out more about playing iPlayer to an audience here.
You’re not allowed to charge people to use iPlayer.
 Back to top Final stuff A quick recap, a few extra legal bits and we’re done:
a.
If you use a service on behalf of a business, that business agrees to these terms.
So your business has to stick to these terms if you use a service...

substantially to do your job&nbsp;–&nbsp;as an employee, contractor or consultant
for commercial purposes&nbsp;– to make a profit or
for educational, non-profit, charitable or government uses.

b.
As we said earlier, read these terms before using our services.
When you use our services and content, you’re agreeing to:

These terms of use
Any other terms we’ve let you know about.

And those things replace all previous agreements between you and us about using our services or content.
c.
This is a contract between you and us.
No one else has any rights to enforce its terms.
d.
English law governs these terms, and only English courts can make judgments about them.
e.
Our services and content are made available to you by the British Broadcasting Corporation, Broadcasting House, Portland Place, London, W1A 1AA.
© BBC 2018 Back to top Choose language: CymraegGàidhlig 
 Hello
 When these terms apply
What’s this about "services" and "content"?
When other terms apply
 Child-friendly services and tools
 When you need a TV Licence
Terms for using our services and content
 Using BBC content
Shareables - what they are
Shareables - what you can do
Shareables - what you can't do
Shareables - what you have to do
Shareables - a thing we have to say
Open-source software
Metadata and feeds
Creations - what they are
Creations - the terms
Creations - what you can do with them
Creations - what BBC can do with them
Creations - what you can't send us
Your BBC Account
Mishaps
External links
BBC iPlayer
Final stuff
 Back to top 