 &lt;iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KP7H4QL" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt.





About
Advice
FAQ
Reviews
Counselor Jobs
Contact Login Get started  Privacy Policy 
 About Your Privacy and This Privacy Policy Your privacy is extremely important to us.
We are constantly putting a great deal of thought, effort, tools, resources and procedures in place in order to protect and safeguard your privacy.
This document is our "Privacy Policy" and it contains details on issues related to your privacy when using our services.
It is intended to inform you of our policies, procedures and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any information that you provide through the Platform.
The Privacy Policy is part of our Terms and Conditions which can be found in our website.
The terms in the Privacy Policy (such as, but not limited to, "we", "our", “us", "Platform", “Counselor", "Counselor Services" etc) have the same meaning as in our Terms and Conditions document.
When you use our Platform you accept and agree to both the Terms and Conditions and to the Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to be bound to the Privacy Policy you should stop using the Platform immediately.
By accessing and using our Platform you affirm that you have read the Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy and that you understand, agree and acknowledge to all the terms contained in both of them.

 Information Collection, Use, and Disclosure To let us operate the Platform effectively and to let you use the Platform, including the Counselor Services, we may have to collect your personally identifiable information (such as, but not limited to, your name, phone number, email address, and address), billing and payment information, profile information, log data (information such as your computer, Internet Protocol address (“IP”), pages that you visit and the amount of time spent on those pages, actions you take and other statistics), information related to the Counselor Services or your need for Counselor Services, and any information which is exchanged between you and your Counselor (collectively the "Information").
In some cases, some of the Information that you give to us is considered health related data.
You may decide which Information, if any, you would like to share with us, but some functions of the Platform may not be available to you without providing us the necessary Information.
By deciding to provide the Information you agree to our methods of collections and use, as well to other terms and provisions of this Privacy Policy.

Protecting this Information is a top priority for us.
We will never sell or rent any Information you shared in the Platform.
Other than in the limited ways detailed in this Privacy Policy, we will never use or disclose any Information unless you specifically and explicitly requested or approved us to do so.

The Information may be used for the following purposes: 

To create your account on our Platform and let you log in to your account and use the Platform.
To manage your account, provide you with customer support, and ensure you are receiving quality service.
To contact you or provide you with information, alerts and suggestions that are related to the service.
Billing-related purposes.
To reach out to you, either ourselves or using the appropriate authorities, if either we or a Counselor have a good reason to believe that you or any other person may be in danger or may be either the cause or the victim of a criminal act.
To match you with a Counselor.
To enable and facilitate the Counselor Services.
To supervise, administer and monitor the service.
To measure and improve the quality, the effectiveness and the delivery of our services.




 Cookies and Web Beacons Like many websites, we use "cookies" and "web beacons" to collect information.
A "cookie" is a small data file that is transferred to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes.
A "web beacon" is a tiny image, placed on a Web page or email that can report your visit or use.
We use cookies and web beacons to enable the technical operation of the Platform, to administer your log-in to your account and to collect the Log Data.
You can change your browser's settings so it will stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie.
However, if you do not accept cookies you may not be able to use the Platform.
The Platform may also include the use of cookies and web beacons of services owned or provided by third parties that are not covered by our Privacy Policy and we do not have access or control over these cookies and web beacons.
We may also use third party cookies for the purposes of web analytics, attribution and error management.

 Social and General Information Tools We use several publicly-available tools and information exchange resources, such as (but not limited to) a blog, a Facebook page, a Twitter account, and others (collectively "Social and General Information Tools").
Any information you provide or share while using Social and General Information Tools may be read, accessed, collected by that site and users of that site according to their Privacy Policy.

 Phishing Online identity theft and account hacking, including the practice currently known as "phishing", are of great concern.
You should always be diligent when you are being asked for your account information and you must always make sure you do that in our secure system.
We will never request your login information or your credit card information in any non-secure or unsolicited communication (email, phone or otherwise).

 Links The Platform may contain links to other websites, services or offers which are owned, operated or maintained by third parties.
If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third website or service.
The fact that we link to a website or service is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.
We do not have control over third party websites and services and we do not have control over their privacy policies and terms of use.

 Security While using any Internet-based service carries inherent security risks that cannot be 100% prevented, our systems, infrastructure, encryption technology, operation and processes are all designed, built and maintained with your security and privacy in mind.
We apply industry standards and best practices to prevent any unauthorized access, use, and disclosure.
We comply with or exceed all applicable federal laws, state laws, and regulations regarding data privacy.

 Service Providers We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Platform, to perform certain tasks which are related to the Platform, or to provide audit, legal, operational or other services for us.
These tasks include, but not limited to, customer service, technical maintenance, monitoring, email management and communication, database management, billing and payment processing, reporting and analytics.
We will share with them only the minimum necessary information to perform their task for us and only after entering into appropriate confidentiality agreements.

 Children's Privacy We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to become our user.
The Platform is not directed and not intended to be used by children under the age of 13.
If you're aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 please let us know by contacting us and we will delete that information.

 International Transfer Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction.
Regardless of where your data is stored, it will be maintained securely as outlined in this policy.
Your consent to our Terms and Conditions followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to such transfers.

 Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law.
We may disclose information necessary or appropriate to protect the safety of the public or any person, to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), and to prevent or stop activity that may be illegal or dangerous.
You should also be aware that Counselors may be obliged to disclose information to law enforcement or other authorities to conform to their professional and legal responsibilities.
Specifically, and without limitation, you should be aware that the law requires mental health professionals to disclose information and/or take action in the following cases: (a) reported or suspected abuse of a child or vulnerable adult.
(b) serious suicidal potential.
(c) threatened harm to another person.
(d) court-ordered presentation of treatment.

 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Notice This section provides additional information about our Privacy Policy relevant to users from the European Union.
It is necessary for us to use your personal information: 

To perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you.
It is in our legitimate interest or a third party's legitimate interest to use personal information in such a way to ensure that we provide the Services in the best way that we can.
It is our legal obligation to use your personal information to comply with any legal obligations imposed upon us.



You can view and edit any personal data that you have provided to us using this website.
Automated processing of your Personal Information is necessary to operate the Platform effectively and to provide counseling and related services.
BetterHelp is the Controller with respect to your Personal Data.
You can contact our Data Protection Officer with questions, concerns or objections about this policy, or about your data by writing to:
 BetterHelp Data Protection Officer 440 N.
Wolfe Rd. Suite E026 Sunnyvale, CA 94085, USA privacy+dpo@betterhelp.com 
You can contact our EU Representative by writing to:
 BetterHelp EU Representative C/O Legal Department Calle de Almagro, 36, 28010 Madrid, Spain privacy+eurep@betterhelp.com 

 Changes to the Privacy Policy We may update this privacy statement at our sole discretion.
The date of the last revision of this policy appears at the end of this page.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our Privacy Policy and practices.
Regardless of changes to our Privacy Policy, we will never use the information you submit under our current privacy notice in a new way without first notifying you and giving you the option to opt out.

 Contacting us If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy-related practices, please contact us by clicking the "Contact" link at the bottom of any page in our website.


Last Updated: November 13, 2018 × Your session is about to expire! You will be logged out in seconds.
 Log out Keep me active If you are in a crisis or any other person may be in danger - don't use this site.
These resources can provide you with immediate help.

















Home
About
FAQ
Reviews
Advice
Jobs
Find a Therapist
Contact
For Counselors


Terms &amp.
Conditions
Privacy Policy
© 2019 BetterHelp
 &lt;img src="//bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=5795082&amp;amp;Ver=2" height="0" width="0" style="display:none.
visibility: hidden;"&gt.
  &lt;iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KP7H4QL" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt.





About
Advice
FAQ
Reviews
Counselor Jobs
Contact Login Get started  Terms and Conditions 
 The Terms and Conditions The following are the Terms and Conditions (the "Agreement") which govern your access and use of our online platform through which counseling may be provided (collectively the "Platform").
The Platform may be provided or be accessible via multiple websites or applications whether owned and/or operated by us or by third parties, including, without limitation, the website betterhelp.com and its related apps.
By accessing or using the Platform, you are entering into this Agreement.
You should read this Agreement carefully before starting to use the Platform.
If you do not agree to be bound to any term of this Agreement, you must not access the Platform.
When the terms "we", "us", "our" or similar are used in this Agreement, they refer to any company that owns and operates the Platform (the "Company").

 The Counselors and Counselor Services The Platform may be used to connect you with a Counselor who will provide services to you through the Platform (“Counselor Services”).
We require every Counselor providing Counselor Services on the Platform to be an accredited, trained, and experienced licensed psychologist (PhD / PsyD), licensed marriage and family therapist (LMFT), licensed clinical social worker (LCSW), licensed professional counselor (LPC), or similar applicable recognized professional certification based on their state and/or jurisdiction.
Counselors must have a relevant academic degree in their field, at least 3 years of experience, at least 2,000 hours of hands-on experience, and have to be qualified and certified by their respective professional board after successfully completing the necessary education, exams, training and practice requirements as applicable.
The Counselors are independent providers who are neither our employees nor agents nor representatives.
The Platform’s role is limited to enabling the Counselor Services while the Counselor Services themselves are the responsibility of the Counselor who provides them.
If you feel the Counselor Services provided by the Counselor do not fit your needs or expectations, you may change to a different Counselor who provides services through the Platform.
While we hope the Counselor Services are beneficial to you, you understand, agree and acknowledge that they may not be the appropriate solution for everyone’s needs and that they may not be appropriate for every particular situation and/or may not be a complete substitute for a face-to-face examination and/or care in every particular situation.
IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT SUICIDE OR IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING HARMING YOURSELF OR OTHERS OR IF YOU FEEL THAT ANY OTHER PERSON MAY BE IN ANY DANGER OR IF YOU HAVE ANY MEDICAL EMERGENCY, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY CALL THE EMERGENCY SERVICE NUMBER (911 IN THE US) AND NOTIFY THE RELEVANT AUTHORITIES.
SEEK IMMEDIATE IN PERSON ASSISTANCE.
THE PLATFORM IS NOT DESIGNED FOR USE IN ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED CASES AND THE COUNSELORS CANNOT PROVIDE THE ASSISTANCE REQUIRED IN ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED CASES.
THE PLATFORM IS NOT INTENDED FOR THE PROVISION OF CLINICAL DIAGNOSIS REQUIRING AN IN-PERSON EVALUATION AND YOU SHOULD NOT USE IT IF YOU NEED ANY OFFICIAL DOCUMENTATION OR APPROVALS FOR PURPOSES SUCH AS, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COURT-ORDERED COUNSELING OR EMOTIONAL SERVICE DOG CERTIFICATION.
IT IS ALSO NOT INTENDED FOR ANY INFORMATION REGARDING WHICH DRUGS OR MEDICAL TREATMENT MAY BE APPROPRIATE FOR YOU, AND YOU SHOULD DISREGARD ANY SUCH ADVICE IF DELIVERED THROUGH THE PLATFORM.
DO NOT DISREGARD, AVOID, OR DELAY IN OBTAINING IN-PERSON CARE FROM YOUR DOCTOR OR OTHER QUALIFIED PROFESSIONAL BECAUSE OF INFORMATION OR ADVICE YOU RECEIVED THROUGH THE PLATFORM.

 Privacy and Security Protecting and safeguarding any information you provide through the Platform is extremely important to us.
Information about our security and privacy practices can be found on our Privacy Policy available at https://www.betterhelp.com/privacy (The ‘Privacy Policy’).
BY AGREEING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND/OR BY USING THE PLATFORM, YOU ARE ALSO AGREEING TO THE TERMS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY.
THE PRIVACY POLICY IS INCORPORATED INTO AND DEEMED A PART OF THIS AGREEMENT.
THE SAME RULES THAT APPLY REGARDING CHANGES AND REVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT ALSO APPLY TO CHANGES AND REVISIONS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY.

 Third Party Content The Platform may contain other content, products or services which are offered or provided by third parties ("Third Party Content"), links to Third Party Content (including but not limited to links to other websites) or advertisements which are related to Third Party Content.
We have no responsibility for the creation of any such Third Party Content, including (but not limited to) any related products, practices, terms or policies, and we will not be liable for any damage or loss caused by any Third Party Content.

 Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability YOU HEREBY RELEASE US AND AGREE TO HOLD US HARMLESS FROM ANY AND ALL CAUSES OF ACTION AND CLAIMS OF ANY NATURE RESULTING FROM THE COUNSELOR SERVICES OR THE PLATFORM, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) ANY ACT, OMISSION, OPINION, RESPONSE, ADVICE, SUGGESTION, INFORMATION AND/OR SERVICE OF ANY COUNSELOR AND/OR ANY OTHER CONTENT OR INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE THROUGH THE PLATFORM.
YOU UNDERSTAND, AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, SECURITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ACCURACY.
THE USE OF THE PLATFORM IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED.
YOU UNDERSTAND, AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES.
YOU UNDERSTAND, AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES ARISING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY AND ALL USE OF THE PLATFORM WILL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF MONEY PAID BY YOU THROUGH THE PLATFORM IN THE 3 MONTHS PERIOD PRIOR TO THE DATE OF THE CLAIM.
If the applicable law does not allow the limitation of liability as set forth above, the limitation will be deemed modified solely to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law.
This section (limitation of liability) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

 Your account, representations, conduct and commitments You hereby confirm that you are at least 18 years old of age, or that you are 13 years or older, and you have the consent of a parent or legal guardian.
You hereby confirm that you are legally able to enter into a contract.
You hereby confirm and agree that all the information that you provided in or through the Platform, and the information that you will provide in or through the Platform in the future, is accurate, true, current and complete.
Furthermore, you agree that during the term of this Agreement you will make sure to maintain and update this information so it will continue to be accurate, current and complete.
You agree, confirm and acknowledge that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and any other security information related to your account (collectively "Account Access").
We advise you to change your password frequently and to take extra care in safeguarding your password.
You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Account Access or any other concern for breach of your account security.
You agree, confirm and acknowledge that we will not be liable for any loss or damage that incurred as a result of someone else using your account, either with or without your consent and/or knowledge.
You agree, confirm and acknowledge that you are solely and fully liable and responsible for all activities performed using your Account Access.
You further acknowledge and agree that we will hold you liable and responsible for any damage or loss incurred as a result of the use of your Account Access by any person whether authorized by you or not, and you agree to indemnify us for any such damage or loss.
You agree and commit not to use the account or Account Access of any other person for any reason.
You agree and confirm that your use of the Platform, including the Counselor Services, are for your own personal use only and that you are not using the Platform or the Counselor Services for or behalf of any other person or organization.
You agree and commit not to interfere with or disrupt, or attempt to interfere with or disrupt, any of our systems, services, servers, networks or infrastructure, or any of the Platform's systems, services, servers, networks or infrastructure, including without limitation obtaining unauthorized access to the aforementioned.
You agree and commit not to make any use of the Platform for the posting, sending or delivering of either of the following: (a) unsolicited email and/or advertisement or promotion of goods and services.
(b) malicious software or code.
(c) unlawful, harassing, privacy invading, abusive, threatening, vulgar, obscene, racist or potentially harmful content.
(d) any content that infringes a third party right including intellectual property rights.
(e) any content that may cause damage to a third party.
(f) any content which may constitute, cause or encourage a criminal action or violate any applicable law.
You agree and commit not to violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation or ethical code in relation to your use of the Platform and your relationship with the Counselors and us.
If you receive any file from us or from a Counselor, whether through the Platform or not, you agree to check and scan this file for any virus or malicious software prior to opening or using this file.
You will indemnify us, defend us, and hold us harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, causes of action, demands, liabilities, costs or expenses (including, but not limited to, litigation and reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) arising out of or relating to any of the following: (a) your access to or use of the Platform.
(b) any actions made with your account or Account Access whether by you or by someone else.
(c) your violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement.
(d) non-payment for any of the services (including Counselor Services) which were provided through the Platform.
(e) your violation of any third party right, including, without limitation, any intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, property or privacy right.
This clause shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement.
You confirm and agree to use only credit cards or other payment means (collectively “Payment Means”) which you are duly and fully authorized to use, and that all payment related information that you provided and will provide in the future, to or through the Platform, is accurate, current and correct and will continue to be accurate, current and correct.
You agree to pay all fees and charges associated with your Account on a timely basis and according to the fees schedule, the terms and the rates as published in the Platform.
By providing us with your Payment Means you authorize us to bill and charge you through that Payment Means and you agree to maintain valid Payment Means information in your Account information.
If you have any concerns about a bill or a payment, please contact us immediately by sending an email to contact@betterhelp.com.
We will evaluate your issue on a case by case basis and, at our discretion, take steps to resolve any issue, including but not limited to helping you find a new Counselor, extending your subscription at no cost to you, and issuing partial or full refunds when applicable.

 Modifications, Termination, Interruption and Disruptions to the Platform You understand, agree and acknowledge that we may modify, suspend, disrupt or discontinue the Platform, any part of the Platform or the use of the Platform, whether to all clients or to you specifically, at any time with or without notice to you.
You agree and acknowledge that we will not be liable for any of the aforementioned actions or for any losses or damages that are caused by any of the aforementioned actions.
The Platform depends on various factors such as software, hardware and tools, either our own or those owned and/or operated by our contractors and suppliers.
While we make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the Platform’s reliability and accessibility, you understand and agree that no platform can be 100% reliable and accessible and so we cannot guarantee that access to the Platform will be uninterrupted or that it will be accessible, consistent, timely or error-free at all times.

 Notices We may provide notices or other communications to you regarding this agreement or any aspect of the Platform, by email to the email address that we have on record, by regular mail or by posting it online.
The date of receipt shall be deemed the date on which such notice is given.
Notices sent to us must be delivered by email to legal@betterhelp.com.

 Important notes about our Agreement This Agreement and our relationship with you shall both be interpreted solely in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware excluding any rules governing choice of laws.
You irrevocably agree that the exclusive venue for any action or proceeding arising out of relating to this Agreement or our relationship with you, regardless of theory, shall be the U.S.
District Court for the Northern District of California, or the state courts located in Santa Clara County in California.
You irrevocably consent to the personal jurisdiction of the aforementioned courts and hereby waive any objection to the exercise of jurisdiction by the aforementioned courts.
THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND US.
YOU CONFIRM THAT YOU HAVE NOT RELIED UPON ANY PROMISES OR REPRESENTATIONS BY US EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT.
We may change this Agreement by posting modifications on the Platform.
Unless otherwise specified by us, all modifications shall be effective upon posting.
Therefore, you are encouraged to check the terms of this Agreement frequently.
The last update date of this Agreement is posted at the bottom of the Agreement.
By using the Platform after the changes become effective, you agree to be bound by such changes to the Agreement.
If you do not agree to the changes, you must terminate access to the Platform and participation in its services.
We may freely transfer or assign this Agreement or any of its obligations hereunder.
The paragraph headings in this Agreement are solely for the sake of convenience and will not be applied in the interpretation of this Agreement.
If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, unenforceable, or otherwise contrary to law, the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.
To clear any doubt, all clauses regarding limitations of liabilities and indemnification shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.


Last Updated: November 13, 2018 × Your session is about to expire! You will be logged out in seconds.
 Log out Keep me active If you are in a crisis or any other person may be in danger - don't use this site.
These resources can provide you with immediate help.

















Home
About
FAQ
Reviews
Advice
Jobs
Find a Therapist
Contact
For Counselors


Terms &amp.
Conditions
Privacy Policy
© 2019 BetterHelp
 &lt;img src="//bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=5795082&amp;amp;Ver=2" height="0" width="0" style="display:none.
visibility: hidden;"&gt.
