 BibleGateway.com - Widget Terms 
BibleGateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation, authorizes you to use the BibleGateway Widgets (defined below), subject to your compliance with the following BibleGateway Widgets Terms of Service (“WTOS”), which incorporates by reference the BibleGateway Terms of Service ("TOS"), each of which may be changed by BibleGateway from time to time without notice to you (collectively, the "Terms of Service").
If you choose to use BibleGateway Widgets after any change to the Terms of Service, it means you agree to such change.


DESCRIPTION OF WIDGETS.
Widgets are small software modules operating within BibleGateway’s widget environment and appearing on your Site that provide you with access to a variety of content and services.
Some widgets, including the content and services provided therein, are made available for your use by BibleGateway (each a “BibleGateway Widget”) subject to these Terms of Service.
You will be able to recognize BibleGateway Widgets by their distinctive BibleGateway branding.
Other widgets, including the content and services provided therein, may be made available for your use by third parties (each a “Third Party Widget”).
Your use of Third Party Widgets and BibleGateway’s disclaimer of responsibility for such widgets are discussed in Section 7 below.
BIBLEGATEWAY WIDGETS LICENSE GRANT.
Subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service and except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, BibleGateway grants you a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right and license to download, access, and use the BibleGateway Widgets solely for your personal use.
BIBLEGATEWAY WIDGETS RESTRICTIONS.
You may not do any of the following with any BibleGateway Widgets: (a) decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify, rent, lease, loan, distribute, or create derivative works or improvements from BibleGateway Widgets or any portion thereof, or attempt to discover any source code, protocols, or other trade secrets in BibleGateway Widgets.
(b) obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorized access to the BibleGateway network.
(c) incorporate BibleGateway Widgets into any hardware or software device.
d) use, export, or re-export BibleGateway Widgets in violation of applicable U.S.
laws or regulations.
and (e) sell, lease, loan, distribute, transfer, or sublicense BibleGateway Widgets or access thereto or derive income from the use or provision thereof, whether for direct commercial or monetary gain or otherwise, without BibleGateway's prior, express, written permission.
OWNERSHIP AND RESERVATION OF RIGHTS.
BibleGateway Widgets, including any content or services provided therein, are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, international treaties, and/or other proprietary rights and laws of the U.S.
and other countries.
You agree to abide by all applicable proprietary rights laws and other laws, as well as any additional copyright notices or restrictions contained in these Terms of Service.
These Terms of Service grant you no right, title, or interest in any intellectual property owned or licensed by BibleGateway, including, without limitation, the BibleGateway Widgets and BibleGateway trademarks, and creates no direct relationship between your and BibleGateway’s licensors, or between you and BibleGateway other than that of licensor to licensee under these Terms of Service.
All rights in the BibleGateway Widgets, including any content or services provided therein, not expressly granted to you are reserved by BibleGateway, its licensors, or their respective owners.
SUPPORT AND UPDATES.
BibleGateway may offer upgrades or updates to the BibleGateway Widgets in its sole discretion.
BibleGateway may change, suspend, or discontinue any aspect of the BibleGateway Widgets at any time without notice to you.
BibleGateway may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the BibleGateway Widgets without notice or liability.
FEES AND PAYMENTS.
BibleGateway reserves the right to charge fees for future use of or access to the BibleGateway Widgets or the BibleGateway content and services relating thereto in BibleGateway's sole discretion.
THIRD PARTY WIDGETS.
When you download, access, and/or use Third Party Widgets, you understand that such Third Party Widgets have not been approved or endorsed in any manner by BibleGateway and that BibleGateway is not responsible for your use of or inability to use any such Third Party Widgets including, without limitation, the content, services, accuracy, or reliability of such Third Party Widgets and the privacy practices or other policies of the third party.
YOUR DOWNLOAD, ACCESS, AND/OR USE OF ANY THIRD PARTY WIDGETS IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Third parties may require you to agree to their own terms of service, privacy policies, and/or other policies as a condition of using their widgets.
Those terms and/or policies may give third parties rights beyond those provided by these Terms of Service.
PLEASE REVIEW SUCH THIRD PARTYS’ APPLICABLE TERMS AND/OR POLICIES CAREFULLY.

THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, HARDWARE, AND SERVICES.
You are responsible for all third party software, hardware, and services used in connection with the BibleGateway Widgets.
Any third party software, hardware, and services (whether required or optional) that you use in conjunction with BibleGateway Widgets, is the sole responsibility of such third party, and is subject to the terms, conditions, warranties and disclaimers provided by such third party.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.
USE OF BIBLEGATEWAY WIDGETS AND ANY DATA, CONTENT, OR SERVICES ACCESSED THROUGH BIBLEGATEWAY WIDGETS IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND SUCH OFFERINGS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS."
ANY MATERIAL OR SERVICE DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF BIBLEGATEWAY WIDGETS IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD AND/OR USE OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL OR SERVICE.
THE BIBLEGATEWAY LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, RELATING TO BIBLEGATEWAY WIDGETS AND ANY DATA, CONTENT, OR SERVICES ACCESSED THEREFROM, OR THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, OR ADEQUACY OF BIBLEGATEWAY WIDGETS AND ANY DATA, CONTENT, OR SERVICES ACCESSED THEREFROM, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
IF BIBLEGATEWAY WIDGETS OR ANY DATA, CONTENT, OR SERVICES ACCESSED THEREFROM PROVES DEFECTIVE, YOU (AND NOT THE BIBLEGATEWAY ENTITIES OR THE LICENSORS) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL REPAIRS OR INJURY OF ANY KIND, EVEN IF THE BIBLEGATEWAY ENTITIES OR LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH A DEFECT OR DAMAGES.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW RESTRICTIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES SO SOME OF THESE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

INDEMNIFICATION.
You agree to indemnify and hold the BibleGateway Entities harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party in connection with or arising out of your download, access, and/or use of BibleGateway Widgets, including any content or services provided therein, your violation of any term or condition of these Terms of Service, your violation of applicable laws or any rights of another person or entity.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
THE BIBLEGATEWAY ENTITIES AND LICENSORS ARE NOT LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY AND ALL DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO BIBLEGATEWAY WIDGETS, ANY DATA, CONTENT, OR SERVICES ACCESSED THEREFROM, YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE OR ACCESS BIBLEGATEWAY WIDGETS, OR ANY DATA, CONTENT, OR SERVICES ACCESSED THEREFROM, WHETHER SUCH DAMAGE CLAIMS ARE BROUGHT UNDER ANY THEORY OF LAW OR EQUITY.
DAMAGES EXCLUDED BY THIS PARAGRAPH INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, INJURY TO PERSON OR PROPERTY, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, AND LOSS OF BUSINESS OR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO THIS RESTRICTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
TERMINATION.
These Terms of Service continue until terminated by either party.
You may terminate these Terms of Service by discontinuing use of all BibleGateway Widgets and by destroying all your copies thereof.
These Terms of Service terminate automatically if you violate any term hereof, BibleGateway publicly posts a written notice of termination on BibleGateway's web site, or BibleGateway sends a written (including email or text message) notice of termination to you directly.
Your obligations in these Terms of Service survive any termination of these Terms of Service.
GENERAL TERMS 
Entire Agreement.
These Terms of Service and the BibleGateway Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and BibleGateway and governs your use of BibleGateway Widgets, superseding any prior agreements between you and BibleGateway with respect to BibleGateway Widgets.
In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this WTOS and those in the TOS, the terms and conditions of this WTOS control, except to the extent that the TOS impose additional restrictions and liabilities on your actions.
Choice of Law and Forum.
These Terms of Service and the relationship between you and BibleGateway shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
You and BibleGateway agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the state and county of New York.
The United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods does not apply to the BibleGateway Widgets.
Waiver and Severability of Terms.
The failure of BibleGateway to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Service is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms of Service remain in full force and effect.
Statute of Limitations.
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of BibleGateway Widgets or these Terms of Service must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
The titles in these Terms of Service are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.


   BibleGateway.com - Terms BibleGateway.com Terms of Use Agreement
 Effective September 9, 2010 Description of Company Services and Acceptance of Terms of Use
 Welcome to the Web site www.biblegateway.com (the "Site"), which is operated by The Zondervan Corporation, L.L.C.
("Company" or "we).
The services Company provides on www.biblegateway.com include Bible content and related reference material, mobile services, and any other features, content, or applications offered from time to time by Company in connection with the Site (collectively, the "Company Services").
Company is based in the United States and the Company Services are hosted in the United States.
Company is a part of the United States based operations of News Corporation.
 Company furnishes the Site and the Company Services for your personal enjoyment and entertainment.
By visiting the Site (whether or not you are a registered member) or using the Company Services, you accept and agree to be bound by this Agreement, including any future modifications ("Agreement"), and to abide by all applicable laws, rules and regulations ("Applicable Law").
Please read through this Agreement carefully.
Company may modify this Agreement at any time, and each such modification will be effective upon posting on the Site.
All material modifications will apply prospectively only.
Your continued use of the Site or the Company Services following any such modification constitutes your acceptance and agreement to be bound by the Agreement as so modified.
It is therefore important that you review this Agreement regularly.
If you do not agree to be bound by this Agreement and to abide by all Applicable Law, you must discontinue use of the Company Services immediately.
You may receive a copy of this Agreement by emailing us at: dmca@biblegateway.com .
Subject: Terms of Use Agreement.
Your access to and use of certain Company Services may require you to accept additional terms and conditions applicable to such Company Services, in addition to this Agreement, and may require you to download Software or Content (each as defined below). Purchasing Services or Products
 If you purchase any service or product on the Site, ("Site Product"), you may be required to provide personal information, including credit card and billing information ("Personal Financial Information"), to an independent third party company (or companies) selected by, but not affiliated with, Company (the "Processor").
Where the Processor is responsible for collecting, transmitting and/or processing your Personal Financial Information and, in some instances, for fulfilling your order, all payment obligations for Site Products shall be governed by the terms of use/service and privacy policy(ies) of the Processor.
If you make a purchase from the Site you are warranting that you are authorized to make the purchase using the form of payment card that you provide to the Processor.
You must be 18 years of age or older to purchase a Site Product.
 Company makes no warranty, and accepts no liability for any loss or damages whatsoever, relating to or in connection with your placement of an order for a Site Product with the Processor.
Company provides no refunds for purchases you make on the Site.
You are solely responsible for any and all transactions utilizing your Personal Financial Information, including, but not limited to, any and all charges.
You acknowledge and agree that in the event Processor experiences a data breach that affects your Personal Financial Information, Company will in no way be responsible or liable to you for any such breach.
 The Company will not store any record of Personal Financial Information related to purchases or other transactions you make through the Company Services.
You should therefore maintain records of all your transactions.
If you have any questions regarding your transactions or believe that there is an error or unauthorized transaction or activity associated with transactions utilizing your Personal Financial Information, you must contact the Processor. Company Content
 The Company Services contain information, text, files, images, images, video, sounds, audio works, works of authorship, applications, and any other materials or content (collectively, "Content") of Company ("Company Content").
Company Content is protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other laws, and as between you and Company, Company owns and retains all rights in the Company Content and the Company Services.
Company hereby grants you a limited, revocable, nonsublicensable license to access and display the Company Content (excluding any software code), which is intended for your personal, non-commercial use in connection with viewing the Company Site and using the Company Services.
The Company Services may also contain Content of users and other Company licensors.
Except as provided in this Agreement or as explicitly allowed on the Company Services, you may not copy, download, stream capture, reproduce, duplicate, archive, upload, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, retransmit, distribute, perform, display, sell or otherwise use any Content appearing on or through the Company Services.
 Material from the Site may be quoted in any form (written, visual, electronic or audio), up to and inclusive of two hundred fifty (250) verses or five hundred (500) words of non-biblical text without express written permission of the Zondervan, providing the verses do not amount to a complete book of the Bible nor do the verses quoted account for twenty-five (25) percent or more of the total text of the work in which they are quoted.
 When the text is quoted in accordance with the requirements above, notice of copyright must appear on the title or copyright page or opening screen of the work.
 When quotations from the Site are used for non-commercial purposes, such as church bulletins, research projects, or similar uses, a complete copyright notice is not required, but at minimum the initials for the translation quoted (i.e.
NIV®) must appear at the end of each quotation.
 Except as explicitly and expressly permitted by the Company, you are strictly prohibited from creating works or materials (including but not limited to fonts, icons, link buttons, wallpaper, desktop themes, on-line postcards, montages, mash-ups and similar videos, greeting cards and unlicensed merchandise) that derive from or are based on the design elements, branding, and trade dress of the Company Content.
This prohibition applies regardless of whether the derivative works or materials are sold, bartered or given away.
You may not either directly or through the use of any device, software, internet site, web-based service or other means remove, alter, bypass, avoid, interfere with, or circumvent any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices marked on the Content or any digital rights management mechanism, device, or other content protection or access control measure associated with the Content including geo-filtering mechanisms. Your Use of Company Services
 The Company Services are offered for your personal use only and may not be used for commercial purposes, unless specifically endorsed or authorized by Company.
Company reserves the right to remove commercial content in its sole discretion.
You understand that you are responsible for all Content that you post, upload, transmit, email or otherwise make available on, through or in connection with the Company Services (collectively, "User Content").
Accordingly, please choose carefully the information that you post on, through or in connection with the Company Services.
You understand that Company does not control the User Content posted by users via the Company Services and, as such, you understand you may be exposed to offensive, indecent, inaccurate or otherwise objectionable Content.
Company assumes no responsibility or liability for this type of Content.
If you become aware of misuse of the Company Services, please report this immediately to the Company at info@biblegateway.com.
The Company assumes no responsibility for monitoring the Company Services for inappropriate Content or conduct.
If at any time, the Company chooses in its sole discretion to monitor the Company Services, the Company nonetheless assumes no responsibility for Content other than Company Content, assumes no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate Content, and no responsibility for the conduct of any user.
 You agree not to use the Company Services to:

 Post, upload or otherwise transmit or link to Content that is: unlawful.
threatening.
harmful.
abusive.
pornographic or includes nudity.
offensive.
harassing.
excessively violent.
tortuous.
defamatory.
invasive of another's privacy, publicity, copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, contract or other rights.
false or misleading.
obscene.
vulgar.
libelous.
hateful.
or discriminatory;
 Violate the rights of others including patent, trademark, trademark, trade secret, copyright, privacy, publicity or other proprietary rights;
 Harass or harm another person;
 Exploit or endanger a minor;
 Impersonate or attempt to impersonate any person or entity;
 Introduce or engage in activity that involves the use of viruses, bots, worms, or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of or access to a computer or a computer network;
 Interfere with, damage, disable, disrupt, impair, create an undue burden on, or gain unauthorized access to the Company Services, including Company's servers, networks or accounts;
 Cover, remove, disable, block or obscure advertisements or other portions of the Company Services;
 Use technology or any automated system such as scripts or bots in order to collect usernames, passwords, email addresses or other data from the Company Services, or to circumvent or modify any security technology or software that is part of the Company Services;
 Send or cause to send (directly or indirectly) unsolicited bulk messages or other unsolicited bulk communications of any kind through the Company Services.
If you do so, you acknowledge you will have caused substantial harm to Company, but that the amount of harm would be extremely difficult to measure.
As a reasonable estimation of such harm, you agree to pay Company $50 for each actual or intended recipient of such communication;
 Solicit, collect or request any personal information for commercial or unlawful purposes;
 Post, upload or otherwise transmit an image or video of another person without that person's consent;
 Engage in commercial activity (including but not limited to sales, contests, or sweepstakes) without Company's prior written consent;
 Use the Company Services to advertise or promote competing services;
 Use the Company Services in a manner inconsistent with any and all Applicable Law;
 Attempt, facilitate or encourage others to do any of the foregoing.

 Company reserves the right, but disclaims any obligation or responsibility, to remove User Content that violates this Agreement, as determined by Company in its sole discretion.
You acknowledge the Company reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in Company's sole discretion, violates this Agreement, including but not limited to, terminating their user account and/or reporting such User Content, conduct, or activity to law enforcement authorities.
 You acknowledge, consent and agree that Company may access, preserve or disclose information you provide to the Site, including User Content, when Company has a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of Company, our parents, subsidiaries or affiliates ("Affiliated Companies"), or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements).
(ii) protect the safety and security of Users of the Company Services or members of the public including acting in urgent circumstances.
(iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes.
or (iv) comply with the law or legal process. Message Boards and Public Forums
 The Site may offer users the ability to post public messages on message boards and forums ("Forum"), which may be open to the public generally, to all members of The Site, or to a select group of members to a specific Forum group.
You acknowledge that messages posted on such Forums are public, and Company cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose through any Forum.
you make such disclosures at your own risk.
Company is not responsible for the content or accuracy of any information posted on a Forum, and shall not be responsible for any decisions made based on such information.
Company reserves the right, but disclaims any obligation or responsibility, to prevent you from posting User Content to any Forum and to restrict or remove your User Content from a Forum for any reason at any time. Your Proprietary Rights
 Company does not claim any ownership rights in the User Content that you post, upload, email transmit, or otherwise make available on, through or in connection with the Company Services.
provided, however, that User Content shall not include any Content posted by a user that is already owned by Company or any Affiliated Company.
By posting any User Content on, through or in connection with the Company Services, you hereby grant to Company and our Affiliated Companies, licensees and authorized users, a perpetual, non-exclusive, fully-paid and royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable (in whole or in part), worldwide license to use, modify, excerpt, adapt, create derivative works and compilations based upon, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such User Content on, through or in connection with the Company Services or in connection with any distribution or syndication thereof to Third Party Services (as defined below), on and through all media formats now known or hereafter devised, for any and all purposes including, but not limited to, promotional, marketing, trade or commercial purposes.
Company's use of such User Content shall not require any further notice to you and such use shall be without the requirement of any permission from or payment to you or to any other person or entity.
Company reserves the right to limit the storage capacity of User Content that you post on, through or in connection with the Company Services.
 You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the User Content posted by you on, through or in connection with the Company Services, or otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth in this Section, and (ii) the posting of User Content by you on, through or in connection with the Company Services and Third Party Services does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity.
You agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owing any person or entity by reason of the use of any User Content posted by you on or through the Company Services or Third Party Services. Copyrights and Other Intellectual Property
 Company respects the intellectual property of others, and requires that our users do the same.
You may not upload, embed, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that infringes any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights of any person or entity.
Company has a policy of terminating repeat infringers' access to the Company Services in appropriate circumstances.
 If you believe that any material residing on or linked to from the Site infringes your copyright, please send Company a notification of claimed infringement with all of the following information: (a) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works.
(b) identification of the claimed infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material on the Company Services (such as the URL(s) of the claimed infringing material).
(c) information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address.
(d) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
(e) a statement by you that the above information in your notification is accurate and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed or are authorized to act on the owner's behalf.
and (f) your physical or electronic signature.
 ZONDERVAN will process notices of alleged infringement which it receives and will take appropriate actions as required by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "DMCA") and other applicable intellectual property laws.
Pursuant to the DMCA, notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to ZONDERVAN's Designated Agent.
 Service Provider(s): The Zondervan Corporation
 Name/Contact Information of Designated Agent: Kyran Cassidy, Esq. Associate General Counsel HarperCollins Publishers 10 East 53rd Street New York, New York 10022 Telephone: (212) 207-7969 
Note: This contact information is not for customer support.
To report a problem or request assistance with BibleGateway.com, Bible Gateway Plus, or other Bible Gateway services, please contact our customer support team by clicking here.
 Fax: (212) 207-7552 E-mail: dmca@biblegateway.com
 Third Party Links and Services
 The Company Services may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other websites, applications, resources or other services created by third parties ("Third Party Services").
When you engage with a Third Party Service, you are interacting with the third party, not with Company.
If you choose to use a Third Party Service and share information with it, the Third Party Services may use and share your data in accordance with the Third Party Service's privacy policy and your privacy settings on such Third Party Service.
In addition, the third party providing the Third Party Service may use other parties to provide portions of the application or service to you, such as technology, development or payment services.
Company is not responsible for and makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the Third Party Services or the providers of such Third Party Services (including, but not limited to, the accuracy or completeness of the information provided by such Third Party Service or the privacy practices thereof).
Inclusion of any Third Party Service or a link thereto on the Company Services does not imply approval or endorsement of the Third Party Service.
Company is not responsible for the content or practices of any websites other than the Site, even if the website links to the Site and even if it is operated by an Affiliated Company or a company otherwise connected with the Site.
By using the Company Services, you acknowledge and agree that Company is not responsible or liable to you for any content or other materials hosted and served from any website other than the Site.
When you access Third Party Services, you do so at your own risk.
Company encourages you not to provide any personally identifiable information to any Third Party Service unless you know and are comfortable with the party with whom you are interacting.
 Disputes You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Company users, providers of Third Party Services or any other parties with whom you interact on, through or in connection with the Company Services.
Company reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with these disputes.
 Privacy Use of the Company Services is also governed by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.
 Disclaimers The Company Services are provided "AS-IS" and "as available" and Company does not guarantee or promise any specific results from use of the Company Services.
Company expressly disclaims any warranties and conditions of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
In particular, Company makes no warranty that your use of the Company Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free or that any information obtained by you on, through or in connection with the Company Services or Third Party Services (including but not limited to, through User Content or third party advertisements) will be accurate or reliable.
Under no circumstances will Company be responsible for any loss or damage, including but not limited to, property damage, personal injury or death, resulting from use of the Company Services, problems or technical malfunction in connection with use of the Company Services, attendance at a Company event, any material downloaded or otherwise obtained in connection with the Company Services, any User Content, third party advertisement or Third Party Service posted on, through or in connection with the Company Services, or the conduct of any users of the Company Services, whether online or offline.
Your use of User Content, third party advertisements, Third Party Services and the goods or services provided by any third parties is solely your responsibility and at your own risk.
User Content, third party advertisements and Third Party Services do not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of Company.
 Limitation on Liability IN NO EVENT WILL COMPANY BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFIT DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE COMPANY SERVICES, EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, COMPANY'S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO COMPANY FOR THE COMPANY SERVICES DURING THE TERM OF YOUR USE OF THE COMPANY SERVICES.
 U.S.
Export Controls Software available in connection with the Company Services (the "Software") is further subject to United States export controls.
No Software may be downloaded from the Company Services or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of U.S.
export laws.
Downloading or using the Software is at your sole risk.
 Disputes The Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
You and Company agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in New York, New York to resolve any dispute arising out of the Agreement or the Company Services.
YOU HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT YOU MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY CLAIMS, COUNTERCLAIMS, CROSS-CLAIMS, OR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS) ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT.
 Indemnity You agree to indemnify and hold Company, its Affiliated Companies, subcontractors and other partners, and their respective officers, agents, partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Site or the Company Services, your breach of this Agreement, your violation of any rights of another or any Content that you post or otherwise submit on, through or in connection with the Company Services. Unsolicited Submissions
 Company does not knowingly accept, via the Company Services or otherwise, unsolicited submissions including, without limitation, submissions of blog ideas, articles, scripts, story lines, fan fiction, characters, drawings, information, suggestions, proposals, ideas or concepts.
Company's policy is to simply delete any such submission without reading it or forwarding it to other Company staff or staff of its Affiliated Companies.
Therefore, any similarity between an unsolicited submission and any elements in any Company or Affiliated Company creative work including, without limitation, a film, series, story, title or concept would be purely coincidental.
If unsolicited submissions are sent to Company via the Company Services (including but not limited to any public forum), however, such submissions and copyright become the property of Company and may be used, copied, sublicensed, adapted, transmitted, distributed, publicly performed, published, displayed or deleted as Company sees fit.
You agree that you are not entitled to any compensation, credit or notice whatsoever and that by sending an unsolicited submission you waive the right to make any claim against Company or Affiliated Company relating to unsolicited submissions, including, without limitation, unfair competition, breach of implied contract or breach of confidentiality.
 Other The failure of Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not operate as a waiver of such right or provision.
The Section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
Company is a trademark of Company, Inc.
This Agreement operates to the fullest extent permissible by law.
If any provision of this Agreement is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision is deemed severable from this Agreement and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
 Please contact us at: info@biblegateway.com with any questions regarding this Agreement.
 I HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO ALL OF THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED ABOVE.
 © 1995-2017, The Zondervan Corporation.
All Rights Reserved.   Bible Gateway: Privacy Notice (U.S.
and Canada) Bible Gateway: Privacy Notice (U.S.
and Canada)

Effective Date: October 24, 2018

We at Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation L.L.C., which is wholly-owned by HarperCollins Christian Publishing, Inc.
(“Company”), respect your concerns about privacy.
This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) applies to personal customer information obtained by the Company, including through web sites, mobile sites, applications (“apps”), emails, and widgets (collectively, the “Services”).
The Notice describes the types of personal information we obtain about customers, how we use the information and with whom we share it.
We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
The Services are for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age.
Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:

Information We Obtain


Information Obtained by Automated Means Through Our Services


How We Use the Information We Obtain
Interest-Based Advertising
Information We Share
Your Choices


Accessing, Reviewing, Updating and Modifying Personal Information


Notice to California Residents
How We Protect And Retain Personal Information 
Transfers of Information
Links to Third-Party Sites, Apps and Services
Updates to Our Privacy Notice
How To Contact Us

Information We Obtain
We obtain personal information about customers through the Services, publicly and commercially available sources and from our Company affiliates and/or business partners (such as Olive Tree Bible Software, ChurchSource.com, Zondervan.com, and social media networks).
The types of personal information we may obtain include:

Contact information (such as name, postal address, email address and telephone and/or mobile numbers);
Username and password when you register through our Services;
Geolocation data;
Other information you may provide to us, such as through our “Submit a Request” or “Contact Us” feature.
and
Behavioral data such as website pages visited or time spent using our Services.

Information Obtained by Automated Means Through Our Services
We also may obtain certain information through our Services by automated means, such as cookies (including HTTP, HTML5 and Flash cookies), web beacons, web server logs, JavaScript and similar technologies, including technologies designed to obtain information regarding your use of our Services.
The information we obtain in this manner may include IP address, mobile device advertising ID, browser characteristics, device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, information on actions taken on our Services, and dates and times you access or use the Services.
In connection with our mobile apps, we also may obtain your phone number and details about your mobile carrier.
A “cookie” is a file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser.
A “web beacon” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server.
Through these automated collection methods, we obtain “clickstream data,” which is a log of the links and other content on which a visitor clicks while browsing a website.
As the visitor clicks through the website, a record of the action may be collected and stored.
We also may use similar automated means to obtain and store information regarding your actions while using our mobile apps.
We may link certain data elements obtained through automated means, such as your browser or device information, with other information we have obtained about you to let us know, for example, whether you have opened an email we sent to you, what search queries you may have run and what advertisements you may have seen on our Services or on third-party websites and apps.
Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies.
You also may be able to delete your Flash cookies or adjust your Flash cookie settings by visiting the Adobe Flash Website Storage Settings Panel and Global Storage Settings Panel.
Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our Services.
Your device settings also may allow you to prohibit mobile app platforms (such as Apple and Google) from sharing certain information obtained by automated means with us through our apps or other app developers.
In addition, if you register with us through or connect your account with us to a third-party social media network (such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter), we may obtain certain information about you from the relevant social media network, such as your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media network, the information contained in your public profile on the social media network and friends lists.
The specific information we obtain depends on your privacy settings on the applicable social media network.
The providers of third-party apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins on our Services, such as social media sharing tools, also may use automated means to collect information regarding your interactions with these features.
This information is collected directly by the providers of those features and is subject to the privacy policies or notices of those providers.
The Company is not responsible for those providers’ information practices.
How We Use the Information We Obtain
We may use the information collected from and about you to:

Provide our products and services;
Create and manage online accounts;
Send promotional materials, alerts regarding available offers and other communications, including communications through the Services and outside of the Services, such as via email and through third-party websites and apps;
Communicate about, and administer participation in, special events, promotions, programs, offers, surveys, contests and market research;
Respond to inquiries from you and other third-parties, including inquiries from law enforcement agencies;
Anonymize personal information to provide third parties with aggregated data reports showing anonymized information and other non-personal information;
Supplement your personal information collected from you with additional information from publicly and commercially available sources, and/or information from Company affiliates and our business partners;
Associate your browser and/or device with other browsers or devices you use for the purpose of providing relevant and easier access to content, advertising across browsers and devices, and other operational/business purposes.
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing, enhancing, analyzing and improving our Services.
managing our communications.
performing data analytics.
and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions);
Protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other unlawful activity, claims and other liabilities.
and
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards, contractual obligations and our policies.

In addition, we and our third-party service providers may use information collected through automated means including cookies, web beacons, web server logs, JavaScript and similar technologies for purposes such as (1) customizing our users’ visits to and use of our Services, (2) delivering content (including advertising) tailored to our users’ interests and the manner in which our users use our Services, and (3) managing our Services and other aspects of our business.
We may use third-party analytics services on our Services, such as those of Google Analytics.
The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web beacons, web server logs and similar technologies to help us analyze your use of the Services.
The information collected through these means may be disclosed to these analytics providers and other relevant third parties who use the information, for example, to evaluate use of the Services.
To learn more about how to opt out of Google Analytics services, please visit the link below:

Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout

We also may use your personal information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
Interest-Based Advertising
On our sites, apps and/or emails we and our third-party service providers may obtain information about your activities to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests.
We and our third-party service providers also may obtain information for this purpose from third-party websites and apps.
This section of our Privacy Notice provides details and explains how to exercise your choices.
We engage third-party advertising networks to help us target our messaging to visitors through interest-based and contextual means.
Through these ad networks, we can track your online activities over time and across third-party websites and apps by obtaining information through automated means, as described above.
The networks use this information to show you advertisements on our Services or other third-party websites and apps that may be tailored to your individual interests.
The information our ad networks may obtain on our behalf includes data about your visits to websites and use of apps that serve our advertisements, such as the pages or ads you view and the actions you take on those websites or apps.
This data collection takes place both on our sites, apps and emails and on third-party websites and apps that participate in these ad networks.
This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
To learn how to opt out of this ad network interest-based advertising,

click here or here in the US.
click here in Canada.

To the extent required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before using your information for interest-based advertising.
Our sites are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals from browsers.
Information We Share
We may share customer personal information with

Our subsidiaries and affiliates, any of whom may use your personal information consistent with this Privacy Notice or for the subsidiary’s or affiliate’s own purposes, including marketing purposes.
A current list of our affiliated companies is available at http://newscorp.com/about/our-businesses/.
Service providers in the US and other jurisdictions who perform services on our behalf.
Our third party clients or business partners, such as publishers, advertising agencies and social media networks, for marketing purposes, such as targeted advertising.

In addition, when the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person, we may share it with third parties.
We may further disclose information about you (1) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (2) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, and (3) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity.
We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event of a proposed or completed sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).
Your Choices
We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we obtain about you, such as how we communicate with you.
To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our marketing mailing lists or submit a request, please contact us as outlined in the How To Contact Us Section below.
You also can unsubscribe from our marketing mailing lists by following the “Unsubscribe” link in our emails.
To learn more about how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising, please visit the customer opt-out pages at:

In the US: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
In Canada: http://youradchoices.ca/choices.

Accessing, Reviewing, Updating and Modifying Personal Information
You have the right to access, review, update, and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
You may request access, updates to and corrections of inaccuracies in your personal information by emailing or writing to us at the contact information set out below.
We may request certain personal information for the purposes of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to his/her personal information records.
Notice to California Residents
Subject to certain limitations, California residents may ask us to provide them with (1) a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, and (2) the identity of those third parties.
To make this request, California residents may contact us as specified in the How to Contact Us section below.
How We Protect And Retain Personal Information We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect personal information we have about you against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
We make reasonable efforts to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of the processing, taking into account the costs of implementation and nature of the processing of such personal information.
We retain personal information for the period needed to fulfill the purposes for which the personal information was collected and as otherwise required or permitted by applicable law, such as in relation to our record retention obligations.
Transfers of Information
The Services may be hosted in and managed from a country outside the country in which you initially provided the information, including the United States.
We may transfer the personal information we collect about you to the United States and/or another country, which may not be deemed to have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information.
When your personal information is in such countries, it may be accessed by the courts, law enforcement and national security authorities in accordance with applicable law.
If you are a user located outside the United States or the country to which your information may be transferred, you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States and/or such country.
Your consent includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above.
When we transfer your information, we will protect that information as described in this Notice.
Links to Third-Party Sites, Apps and Services
For your convenience and information, our Services may provide links to third-party sites, apps and services that may be operated by companies not affiliated with HarperCollins Christian Publishing.
These companies may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any non-HarperCollins Christian Publishing’s sites, apps or services.
Updates to Our Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices.
For significant changes, we will notify you by posting a prominent notice on our Services indicating at the top of the Notice when it was most recently updated.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice or the manner in which we or our service providers treat your personal information, would like to exercise your choices, or would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us as follows:
privacypolicy@harpercollins.com
You also may write to:
Legal Department / Privacy Policy HarperCollins Publishers 195 Broadway New York, NY 10007
Canadian residents may also contact our Privacy Officer at
Privacy Official HarperCollins Canada Limited Internet Development Group Bay Adelaide Centre, East Tower 2 Adelaide St.
W, 41st Floor Tel.
No.: (416) 975-9334 e-mail: privacy-canada@harpercollins.com. 