 


 Products


Client
Now


 Community 
 Blog 
 Help


Client
Now


 Terms of Use Date of last revision July 15, 2013.


 Acceptance of Terms.

 By (i) using our products, our web site or any other web sites (each, a “Site”) or other online service of BitTorrent, Inc., its affiliates and agents (“BitTorrent”) with links to these Terms of Use (the “General Terms”) (collectively, the “Services”) in any way, including using, transmitting, downloading or uploading any Materials made available or enabled via the Services by BitTorrent or, you, or other users of the Service (“Users”), or (ii) merely browsing the Services, you agree that you have read, understand and agree to these General Terms and the BitTorrent Privacy Policy which is incorporated herein by reference.
“Materials” means any content made available or enabled by BitTorrent, you or other users of the Services and includes, without limitation, any (x) information, data, documents, images, photographs, graphics, audio, videos, or webcasts, (y) products, and (z) BitTorrent software code and associated documentation (“Software”).
“BitTorrent Materials” means those Materials that are made available through the Services by BitTorrent or its licensors and specifically do not include Materials made by you or other users of the Services.

 You may not use the Services if you are prohibited by Law (as defined below in Section 2(d)) from receiving or using the Services.
Also, unless expressly stated in the Additional Terms for any given Service, you may not use the Services unless you are fully able and competent to enter into the conditions, obligations, representations and other terms of these General Terms and are either of legal age to form a binding contract with BitTorrent, possess legal parental or guardian consent or are an emancipated minor.

In particular, unless expressly stated in the Additional Terms for any given Service, you affirm that you are over the age of 13 and acknowledge that these Services were not intended for children under 13.

 BitTorrent makes certain Services and Materials available only if you have paid a fee or have created a BitTorrent ID and password or other log-in ID and password (collectively, “Account Information”).
Some Services may also be subject to a subscription or other agreement, posted guidelines, rules, or terms of service	(“Additional Terms”).
If there is any conflict between the General Terms and the Additional Terms, the Additional Terms take precedence in relation to that Service.
The General Terms and any applicable Additional Terms and all other documents incorporated by reference in these General Terms are referred to herein as the “Terms”.

 BitTorrent may change the Terms from time to time at its sole discretion, including by imposing a charge for access to or use of a Service.
If such changes are made, BitTorrent will make a new copy of the General Terms available at www.bittorrent.com/legal/terms-of-use, with any new Additional Terms made available to you from within or through the affected Service.
BitTorrent may require you to provide consent to the updated Terms in a specified manner before further use of the Services is permitted.
Otherwise, your continued use of any affected Service constitutes your acceptance of the changes.

Your use of the Services is subject to the most current version of the Terms posted on or through the affected Service at the time of such use.
Please regularly check www.bittorrent.com/legal/terms-of-use to view the then-current General Terms and Addition Terms.

 Services and Materials provided by third parties are governed by separate agreements accompanying such Services and Materials.



 Use of Services and Materials.

 You agree to adhere to all limitations on dissemination, use and reproduction of any Materials that you download or access from the Services.

 Unless expressly agreed to by BitTorrent in writing elsewhere, BitTorrent has no obligation to store any Materials that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available through your use of the Services (“Your Content”).
“User Content” means any Materials uploaded by you or the other users of the Services.
BitTorrent has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or accuracy of any Materials, including Your Content, the failure to store, transmit or receive transmission of Materials, or the security, privacy, storage or transmission of other communications originating with or involving use of the Services.
Certain Services may enable you to specify the level at which such Services restrict access to Your Content.
You are solely responsible for Your Content.
You agree that BitTorrent retains the right to create reasonable limits on the use of the Materials, including Your Content, such as limits on file size, storage space, processing capacity, and similar limits described in the web pages accompanying the Services and as otherwise determined by BitTorrent in its sole discretion.

 You agree that your Account Information will always be complete, accurate and up-to-date.
It is your responsibility to keep your Account Information confidential at all times and you are solely responsible for all activity that occurs to your Account Information when you are logged in to your account.
If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your account or Account Information, or any other breach of security, you agree to notify BitTorrent immediately.
You may not use another person’s Account Information.
BitTorrent may require that you change your Account Information or certain parts of your Account Information at any time for any reason.

 You agree to use the Services and the Materials only for purposes that are permitted by the Terms and any applicable law, regulation, or generally accepted practices or guidelines in any applicable jurisdiction (including any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the United States or other applicable countries) (“Law”).

 You agree not to access or attempt to access the Services by any means other than the interface provided by BitTorrent or circumvent any access or use restrictions put into place to prevent certain uses of the Services.



 Ownership.

 The Services and BitTorrent Materials, and their selection and arrangement, are protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent, trade secret, unfair competition, and other intellectual and proprietary rights (the “Intellectual Property Rights”).
Except as expressly provided in the Terms, BitTorrent and its suppliers do not grant any express or implied rights to use the Services and Materials.

 The trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on the Services (the “Marks”) are the property of BitTorrent or third parties.
You are not permitted to use the Marks without the prior consent of BitTorrent or the third party that may own the Marks.
BitTorrent, μTorrent and the BitTorrent and μTorrent logos are trademarks of BitTorrent, Inc.

 You continue to own all of the content and information that you own, which you post on SoShare.
however, with respect to SoShare:


 For content that is covered by intellectual property rights, like photos and videos and/or comments (IP content) that you post on or via SoShare, you specifically give us the following permission: you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any IP content that you post on or in connection with SoShare (IP License).
This IP License ends when you delete your IP content or your account unless your content has been shared with others, and they have not deleted it.

 When you delete IP content, it is deleted in a manner similar to emptying the recycle bin on a computer.
However, you understand that removed content may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but will not be available to others) but also, prior to your deletion on SoShare, copies of such deleted IP content may have been downloaded by anyone else who was a member of that group to which you posted such IP content and/or forwarded by any member of such group to anyone else.

 When you use an application, your content and information is shared with the application.  We require applications to respect your privacy, and your agreement with that application will control how the application can use, store, and transfer that content and information.  
 When you publish content or information, it means that you are allowing everyone who is a member of that group to which you posted, to access, download and use and/or forward that content or information, and to associate it with you (i.e., your name and profile picture).





 Use of Software.

 Any Software that is made available via the Services or otherwise by BitTorrent is the property of BitTorrent and its suppliers.
If the Software made available via the Services is accompanied by license terms, then use of such Software is governed by the terms of such license agreement that accompanies or is included with the Software, or by the license agreement expressly stated on the hyperlinks referenced in the Software.
Some license terms are available for review in the End User License Agreement (EULA).
Other license terms may only be posted with the Software downloads or at the web page where the Software can be accessed.
You shall not use, download or install any Software that is accompanied by or includes a license agreement unless you agree to the terms of such license agreement.
Any copying or redistribution of the Software is prohibited, including any copying or redistribution of the Software to any other server or location, redistribution or use on a service bureau basis.
If there is any conflict between these Terms and the license agreement provided with such Software, the license agreement shall take precedence in relation to that Software.

 If no license agreement accompanies the Software, use of the Software will be governed by the terms of this Section 4(b).
BitTorrent grants you a personal, worldwide, freely revocable, limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free, non-assignable, nonexclusive license to use the Software for personal, non-commercial purposes in the manner permitted by the Terms.
You agree that you will not decompile, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of or distribute the Software.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, decompiling the Software is permitted to the extent the laws of the jurisdiction where you are located give you the right to do so to obtain information necessary to render the Software interoperable with other software, provided, however, that you must first request the information from BitTorrent and BitTorrent may, in its discretion, either provide such information to you or impose reasonable conditions, including reasonable fees, on use of the Software to ensure that BitTorrent’s Intellectual Property Rights in the Software are protected.
You may not assign (or grant a sublicense of) your rights to use the Software, grant a security interest in or over your rights to use the Software, or otherwise transfer any part of your rights to use the Software.
For clarity, your use of the Software is also subject to the disclaimers and limitations in Sections 13 and 15 below and your compliance with the export control provisions of Section 18.

 The Software may automatically download and install updates from BitTorrent from time to time.
These updates are designed to improve, enhance and further develop the Services and may take the form of bug fixes, enhanced functions, new Software modules and completely new versions.
You agree to receive such updates (and permit BitTorrent to deliver these to you with or without your knowledge) as part of your use of the Services.



 Use of BitTorrent Materials, User Content and Shared Group Content.

 Except as expressly indicated to the contrary in any applicable Additional Terms, BitTorrent hereby grants you a nonexclusive, freely revocable (upon notice from BitTorrent), nontransferable, license to view, download and print BitTorrent Materials, subject to the following conditions: 
 You may access and use the BitTorrent Materials solely for personal, informational, non-commercial and internal purposes, in accordance with the Terms.

 You may not modify or alter the BitTorrent Materials.

 You may not distribute or sell, rent, lease, license or otherwise make the BitTorrent Materials available to others.
and 
 You may not remove any text, copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the BitTorrent Materials.



 Some Services involve collaboration and file-sharing services among other users or a specific group in conjunction with such collaboration and file-sharing.
The User Content that you or other Users share with other Users through the Services shall be referred to as “Shared Group Content”.
While some Services offer functionality to limit another User’s use of your Shared Group Content, such limitations are not guaranteed and it is your sole responsibility to determine what limitations, if any, are placed on Shared Group Content that you distribute.
You agree that BitTorrent has no liability of any kind should other Users use, modify, destroy, corrupt, copy or distribute your Shared Group Content in violation of the limitations that you may impose on its use.
Further, it is your sole responsibility to determine what limitations are placed on your use of another User’s Shared Group Content, including by looking at a given Service’s functionality and Additional Terms along with any additional restrictions placed by such User on your use of their Shared Group Content


 Software is subject to the additional provisions governing Software set forth herein.

 The rights granted to you in BitTorrent Materials as specified above are not applicable to the design, layout or look and feel of the of any Services.
Such elements of the Services are protected by Intellectual Property Rights and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part.
No BitTorrent Materials may be copied or retransmitted unless expressly permitted by BitTorrent.



 User Conduct.

 You agree that you, not BitTorrent, are entirely responsible for all of Your Content that you distribute, perform, display, upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available on or through the Services (“Make Available”), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted.
You assume all risks associated with use of Your Content, including any reliance on its accuracy, completeness or usefulness.

 You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the Intellectual Property Rights, or have obtained all necessary license(s) and permission(s), to use Your Content in keeping with your use in connection with the Services or as otherwise permitted by the Terms.
(ii) you have the rights necessary to grant the license and sublicenses described in the Terms.
and (iii) you have received consent from any and all persons depicted in Your Content to use Your Content as set forth in the Terms, including distribution, public display, public performance and reproduction of Your Content.

 You acknowledge and agree that by accessing or using the Services or Materials, you may be exposed to Materials (including Shared Group Content) from others that you may consider offensive, indecent or otherwise objectionable and hereby do waive any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against BitTorrent with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold BitTorrent, its affiliates, and/or licensors, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of the Services or Materials.

 You agree not to use, or to encourage or permit others to use, the Services to: 
 Make Available any Material that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, tortious, defamatory, libelous, vulgar, obscene, child-pornographic, lewd, profane, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable.

 Stalk, intimidate and/or harass another.

 Incite others to commit violence.

 Harm minors in any way.

 Make Available any Material that you do not have a right to Make Available under any Law or contractual or fiduciary relationship.

 Make Available any Material that infringes any Intellectual Property Right or other proprietary right of any party.

 Impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity.

 Forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers to disguise the origin of any of Materials posted on or transmitted through the Services.

 Use the Services or Materials such that it will mislead a User into believing that they are interacting directly with BitTorrent or any Service.

 Engage in any chain letters, contests, junk email, pyramid schemes, spamming, surveys or other duplicative or unsolicited messages (commercial or otherwise).

 Use any BitTorrent domain name as a pseudonymous return email address.

 Make Available any Material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software, hardware or telecommunications equipment.

 Access or use the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair any BitTorrent server or the networks connected to any BitTorrent server.

 Intentionally or unintentionally interfere with or disrupt the Services or violate any applicable Laws related to the access to or use of the Services, violate any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Services, or engage in any activity prohibited by the Terms.

 Disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise cause harm to, the Services, Materials, systems resources, accounts, passwords, servers or networks connected to or accessible through the Services or any affiliated or linked sites.

 Disrupt, interfere with, or inhibit any other User from using and enjoying the Services or Materials, or other affiliated or linked sites, Services or Materials.

 Access or attempt to access any Material that you are not authorized to access or through any means not intentionally made available through the Services.

 Market any goods or services for any business purposes (including advertising and making offers to buy or sell goods or services), unless specifically allowed to do so by BitTorrent.

 Reproduce, sell, trade, resell or exploit for any commercial purpose, any portion of the Services or any Materials, use of any Service or Materials, or access to any Service or Materials.
or 
 Use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction methods in connection with the Services or Materials.

 Collect or store data about other users in connection with the prohibited conduct and activities set forth in this Section 6(d).





 Investigations.

 BitTorrent, in its sole discretion, may (but has no obligation to) monitor or review the Services and Materials at any time.
Without limiting the foregoing, BitTorrent shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to remove any of Your Content for any reason (or no reason), including if it violates the Terms or any Law.

 Although BitTorrent does not generally monitor User activity occurring in connection with the Services or Materials, if BitTorrent becomes aware of any possible violations by you of any provision of the Terms, BitTorrent reserves the right to investigate such violations, and BitTorrent may, at its sole discretion, immediately terminate your rights hereunder, including your right to use the Services, or Materials or change, alter or remove Your Content or Account Information, in whole or in part, without prior notice to you.
If, as a result of such investigation, BitTorrent believes that criminal activity has occurred, BitTorrent reserves the right to refer the matter to, and to cooperate with, any and all applicable law enforcement authorities.
Except to the extent prohibited by applicable Law, BitTorrent is entitled to retain and/or disclose any information or Materials, including Your Content or Account Information (or elements thereof), in BitTorrent’s possession in connection with your use of the Services to (i) comply with applicable Law, legal process or governmental request.
(ii) enforce the Terms.
(iii) respond to any claims that Your Content violates the Terms or rights of third parties.
(iv) respond to your requests for customer services.
or (v) protect the rights, property or personal safety of BitTorrent, its Users or third parties, including the public at large, as BitTorrent in its sole discretion believes to be necessary or appropriate.



 Feedback.
 You have no obligation to provide BitTorrent with ideas, suggestions, documentations and/or proposals (“Feedback”).
However, if you submit Feedback to BitTorrent, while you retain ownership in such Feedback, you hereby grant BitTorrent a nonexclusive, royalty-free, fully paid-up, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, unlimited license under all of your Intellectual Property Rights to use and otherwise exploit your Feedback for any purpose throughout the universe.
Further, by submitting Feedback, you represent and warrant that (i) your Feedback does not contain the confidential or proprietary information of you or of third parties.
(ii) BitTorrent is not under any obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Feedback.
(iii) BitTorrent may have something similar to the Feedback already under consideration or in development.
and (iv) you are not entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from BitTorrent for the Feedback under any circumstances.


 Right to Derive Revenue/Advertisements.
 You agree that BitTorrent may derive revenue and/or other remuneration from Your Content that you Make Available via the Services without payment to you.
For example, BitTorrent may display BitTorrent and/or third party paid advertisements and/or other information adjacent to or included with the Services and adjacent to or in connection with Your Content, and you agree that you are not entitled to any compensation for any such advertisements.
The manner, mode and extent of advertising or other revenue generating models pursued by BitTorrent on or in conjunction with the Services and/or Your Content are subject to change without specific notice to you.


 Links to Third Party Sites.
 The Services and Materials may include links that will take you to other sites outside of the Services (“Linked Sites”).
The Linked Sites are provided by BitTorrent to you as a convenience and the inclusion of the links does not imply any endorsement by BitTorrent of any Linked Site.
BitTorrent has no control of the Linked Sites and you agree that BitTorrent is not responsible for the availability or contents of any Linked Site (including any advertising, products or other materials on or available from such Linked Site), any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site.


 Modifications to Services and Materials.
 BitTorrent may at any time and from time to time modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services or Materials, or any portion thereof, with or without notice.
You agree that BitTorrent shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Services or Materials.


 Termination.

 The Terms will continue to apply until terminated by either you or BitTorrent as set forth below.

 If you want to terminate your agreement with BitTorrent, you may do so by (i) notifying BitTorrent at any time and (ii) closing your accounts for all of the Services or Materials that you use, where BitTorrent has made this option available to you.
Your notice should be sent, in writing, to BitTorrent’s address set forth below.

 BitTorrent may at any time terminate the Terms (or portion thereof, such as any individual Additional Terms) with you if: 
 You have breached any provision of the Terms (or have acted in a manner that clearly shows you do not intend to, or are unable to, comply with the Terms).

 BitTorrent is required to do so by Law (for example, where the provision of the Services or Materials to you is, or becomes, unlawful).

 The provision of the Services to you by BitTorrent is, in BitTorrent’s opinion, no longer commercially viable.

 BitTorrent has elected to discontinue the Services or Materials (or any part thereof).
or 
 There has been an extended period of inactivity in your account.



 BitTorrent may also terminate or suspend all or a portion of your account and/or access to the Services for any reason.
Except as may be set forth in any Additional Terms applicable to a particular Service, termination of your account may include: (i) removal of access to all offerings within the Services.
(ii) deletion of Your Content and Account Information, including your personal information, log-in ID and password, and all related information, files and Materials associated with or inside your account (or any part thereof).
and (iii) barring of further use of the Services.

 You agree that all terminations for cause shall be made in BitTorrent’s sole discretion and that BitTorrent shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your account (and accompanying deletion of your Account Information), or access to the Services and Materials, including Your Content.

 Upon expiration or termination of the Terms, you shall promptly discontinue use of the Services and Materials.
However, any perpetual licenses you have granted, any of your indemnification obligations hereunder, any of BitTorrent’s disclaimers or limitations of damages of liabilities hereunder and Sections 2, 3, 6(b-d), 7, 8-13, 15, 19, 20 and 21 will survive any termination or expiration of the Terms.



 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.
 YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW: 

 THE SITE, SERVICES AND MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED BY BITTORRENT “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BITTORRENT MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE SITE, SERVICES OR MATERIALS WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE.
(II) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SITE, SERVICES OR MATERIALS WILL BE EFFECTIVE, ACCURATE OR RELIABLE.
(III) THE QUALITY OF THE SITE, SERVICES OR MATERIALS WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS.
OR THAT (IV) ANY ERRORS OR DEFECTS IN THE SITE, SERVICES OR MATERIALS WILL BE CORRECTED.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM BITTORRENT OR THROUGH OR FROM USE OF THE SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS.

 BITTORRENT SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY WITH REGARD TO ANY ACTIONS RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF OR PARTICIPATION IN ANY SERVICES AND YOUR USE OF MATERIALS.
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH USE OF THE SERVICES IS ACCESSED AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
BITTORRENT ASSUMES NO LIABILITY FOR ANY COMPUTER VIRUS OR SIMILAR CODE THAT IS DOWNLOADED TO YOUR COMPUTER FROM ANY OF THE SERVICES.

 BITTORRENT DOES NOT CONTROL, ENDORSE OR ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY MATERIALS OR SERVICES OFFERED BY THIRD PARTIES ACCESSIBLE THROUGH LINKED SITES.
BITTORRENT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER ABOUT, AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR, ANY SUCH THIRD PARTIES, THEIR MATERIALS OR SERVICES.
ANY DEALINGS THAT YOU MAY HAVE WITH SUCH THIRD PARTIES ARE AT YOUR OWN RISK.

 MANAGERS, HOSTS, PARTICIPANTS, MODERATORS AND OTHER THIRD PARTIES ARE NOT AUTHORIZED BITTORRENT SPOKESPERSONS, AND THEIR VIEWS DO NOT NECESSARILY REFLECT THOSE OF BITTORRENT.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BITTORRENT WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY RELATED TO USER CONTENT ARISING UNDER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, LIBEL, PRIVACY, PUBLICITY, OBSCENITY OR OTHER LAWS.
BITTORRENT ALSO DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE MISUSE, LOSS, MODIFICATION OR UNAVAILABILITY OF ANY USER CONTENT.

 BITTORRENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS THAT YOU MAY INCUR AS A RESULT OF SOMEONE ELSE USING YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT OR ACCOUNT INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE OR ANY SERVICES OR MATERIALS, EITHER WITH OR WITHOUT YOUR KNOWLEDGE.

 SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, OR LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY MAY LAST, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.



 International Users.

 The Services can be accessed from countries around the world and may contain references to Services and Materials that are not available in your country.
These references do not imply that BitTorrent intends to announce such Services or Materials in your country.

 These Services are controlled, operated and administered by BitTorrent, Inc.
from its offices in the United States of America.
BitTorrent makes no representation that the Services or Materials are appropriate or available for use at other locations outside the United States, and access to the Services from jurisdictions where the Services or Materials are illegal is prohibited.
BitTorrent reserves the right to block access to the Services or Materials by certain international users.
If you access the Services from a location outside the United States, you are responsible for compliance with all local Laws.  The following provisions apply to users outside the United States:


 You consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States.

 If you are located in a country embargoed by the United States, or are on the U.S.
Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals you will not engage in commercial activities through our Services (such as advertising or payments) or operate a website.





 Limitation of Liability.

 IN NO EVENT SHALL BITTORRENT, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, PARTNERS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING THOSE RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT FORESEEABLE OR IF BITTORRENT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR BASED ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT OR WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, OR ANY OTHER CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE SITE, SERVICES OR MATERIALS.
NOTHING IN THE TERMS SHALL LIMIT OR EXCLUDE BITTORRENT’S LIABILITY FOR GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT OF BITTORRENT OR ITS EMPLOYEES, OR FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY.

 BITTORRENT’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY AND THAT OF ITS AFFILIATES AND SUPPLIERS UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO ONE HUNDERED UNITED STATES DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR ACCESS TO THE SERVICE, WHICHEVER IS LARGER.
THIS LIMITATION WILL APPLY EVEN IF BITTORRENT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

 THE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS IN THIS SECTION 15 APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW IN YOUR JURISDICTION.
SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.
ACCORDINGLY, THE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.



 Protecting Other People's Rights.
 We respect other people's rights, and expect you to do the same.


 You will not post content or take any action on or through our Services that infringes or violates someone else's rights or otherwise violates the law.

 We can remove any content or information you post on or through our Services if we believe that it violates these Terms.

 We will provide you with tools to help you protect your intellectual property rights.
To learn more, visit our Copyright Policy.

 If we remove your content for infringing someone else's copyright, and you believe we removed it by mistake, we will provide you with an opportunity to appeal.

 If you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights, we will disable your account when appropriate.

 You will not use our copyrights or trademarks (including but not limited to BitTorrent, SoShare and related logos), or any confusingly similar marks, without our written permission.

 If you collect information from users, you will: obtain their consent, make it clear you (and not BitTorrent) are the one collecting their information, and post a privacy policy explaining what information you collect and how you will use it.

 You will not post anyone's identification documents or sensitive financial information on or through our Services.



 Mobile.
 Sometimes, we provide our mobile products for free, but please be aware that your carrier's normal rates and fees, such as text messaging and data usage fees, will still apply.


 Export Control Laws.
 You acknowledge and agree that the Software may be subject to international rules that govern the export of software.
You shall comply with all applicable international and national laws that apply to the Software as well as end-user, end-use, destination restrictions issued by national governments or similar bodies, and restrictions on embargoed nations.
In the US the Internet Communications Software is controlled under ECCN 5D992 of the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) under Encryption Registration Number (“ERN”) R100351 and thus may not be exported or re exported from the US to or downloaded by any person in any countries controlled for anti terrorism reasons under the EAR, which include Iran, North Korea, Cuba, Syria and Sudan.
Moreover, the Internet Communications Software may not be exported or re exported from the US to or downloaded by any person or entity subject to US sanctions regardless of location.
See www.bis.doc.gov/ComplianceAndEnforcement/ListsToCheck.htm and EAR Part 736.
BitTorrent is making the Software available to you for download only on the condition that you certify that you are not such a person or entity and that the download is not otherwise in violation of US export control and sanctions regulations.


 Indemnity and Liability.
 You agree to indemnify and hold BitTorrent and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, co-branders or other partners, and licensors harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, due to or arising out of Your Content, your use of the Services or Materials, your connection to the Services or Materials, the actions of any member of your group, your access to or use of Linked Sites and your connections therewith, any claim that Your Content caused damage to a third party, any dealings between you and any third parties advertising or promoting via the Services or Materials, your violation of the Terms, or your violation of any rights of another, including any Intellectual Property Rights.


 Resolution of Disputes.

 All matters relating to your access to, or use of, the Services or Materials shall be governed by the Laws of the State of California, United States of America without regard to conflict of laws principles thereof.
You agree that any claim or dispute you may have against BitTorrent must be resolved by a court located in Santa Clara County, California, United States of America except as otherwise agreed by the parties, or as set forth in section (b) below.
You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Santa Clara County, California, United States of America for the purpose of litigating such claims or disputes.
The parties specifically disclaim the U.N.
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.

 For any claim (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) for less than $10,000, the party requesting relief may elect to resolve the dispute in a cost-effective manner through binding non-appearance-based arbitration.
In the event a party elects arbitration, it shall initiate such arbitration through an established alternative dispute resolution (“ADR”) provider mutually agreed upon by the parties.
The ADR provider and the parties must comply with the following rules: (i) the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online, and/or be based solely on written submissions, the specific manner shall be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration.
(ii) the arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties.
and (iii) any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

 All claims you bring against BitTorrent must be resolved in accordance with this section.
All claims filed or brought contrary to this section shall be considered improperly filed.
Should you file a claim contrary to this section, BitTorrent may recover attorneys’ fees and costs up to U.S.
$1,000, provided that BitTorrent has notified you in writing of the improperly filed claim and you have failed to properly withdraw the claim.

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of your or others’ unauthorized access to or use of the Services or Materials in violation of the Terms you agree that BitTorrent shall be entitled to apply for injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction.



 General.

 Any notice provided to BitTorrent pursuant to the Terms should be sent to 303 Second Street, Suite S200, San Francisco, CA  94107, Attention: General Counsel.

 It is the express wish of the parties that the Terms, any Additional Terms and all related documents have been drawn up in English.
C’est la volonté expresse des parties que la présente convention ainsi que les documents qui s’y rattachent soient rédigés en anglais.

 BitTorrent may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the Terms, by email, regular mail, text message, postings on or within the Services, or other reasonable means now known or hereafter developed.

 The Terms constitute the entire agreement between BitTorrent and you with respect to your access to or use of the Services and Materials and supersede any prior agreements between you and BitTorrent on such subject matter.

 You may not assign or otherwise transfer the Terms, or any right granted hereunder, without BitTorrent’s written consent.
BitTorrent’s rights under the Terms are freely transferable by BitTorrent.

 If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the Terms, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to affect the intent of the parties as reflected by that provision, and the remainder of the Terms shall continue in full force and effect.

 Any failure by BitTorrent to enforce or exercise any provision of the Terms, or any related right, shall not constitute a waiver of that provision or right.

 Please report any violations of the Terms via the report abuse mechanism offered in conjunction with the specific Service in which the alleged violation occurs.



 Company 
About
Jobs
Blog
Privacy
EULA
Copyright
Terms
Now Terms
Advertise
 Client 
Free
Pro
Mobile
Remote
 Help 
Client
Now
Forums
Security




 中文（简体） 中文（繁體） English Deutsch Español Français Italiano 한국어 Nederlands Русский Polski Português Português (Brasil) Türkçe 日本語 
 English 


中文（简体）
中文（繁體）
English
Deutsch
Español
Français
Italiano
한국어
Nederlands
Русский
Polski
Português
Português (Brasil)
Türkçe
日本語












©2018 BitTorrent Inc.

We use cookies for analytics, advertising and to improve our site.
To learn more Click here.
By clicking "I accept", you accept use of our cookies, and by continuing to use our services, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. I accept &lt;img src="//pixel.quantserve.com/pixel/p-f87ZgUEkM-SZY.gif" style="display: none;" border="0" height="1" width="1" alt="Quantcast"/&gt.
&lt;img src="http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=17330952&amp;cv=2.0&amp;cj=1" /&gt.
&lt;div style="display:inline;"&gt.
&lt;img height="1" width="1" style="border-style:none;" src="//www.googleadservices.com/pagead/conversion/980074935/?label=1ZjGCI7il1YQt4Or0wM&amp;amp;guid=ON&amp;amp;script=0"/&gt.
&lt;/div&gt.
  


 Products


Client
Now


 Community 
 Blog 
 Help


Client
Now


 Privacy Policy Date of last revision May 25, 2018
BitTorrent, Inc.
("BitTorrent") is committed to respecting the privacy rights and concerns of all users of our websites ("Sites"), applications and services (collectively, the "Services").
As such, we have established and implemented this privacy policy to inform visitors to the Sites and users of the Services how we use and protect the information we collect.
If you have any questions regarding this information or our privacy practices, please see the section entitled "Questions? Contact Us" at the end of this privacy policy.
In this Privacy Policy, BitTorrent’s software called the “BitTorrent” application or the “uTorrent” application are sometimes collectively referred to hereunder as the “BitTorrent Client.” BitTorrent’s other applications, including, but not limited to, BitTorrent Live and BitTorrent Now, are sometimes referred to hereunder as “BitTorrent Other Applications.” The BitTorrent Client and BitTorrent Other Applications are sometimes collectively referred to as the “Software”. What information does BitTorrent, Inc.
collect and how does BitTorrent use it? 
 Gathering and Use of Information About Your Browser and Device When a visitor comes to one of our Sites (including utorrent.com) or uses our Services or Software, we may collect some limited information that your device and browser routinely make available whenever you visit a website or interact with any online service.
This information includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your query and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
It may also include your device type and data from sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
We collect this data to improve the overall quality of the online experience, including product monitoring, product improvement, and targeted advertising.
BitTorrent also uses such information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
In addition to collecting the above types of information, BitTorrent collects aggregate queries for internal reporting and targeted advertising.
We also count, track, and aggregate the visitor's activity into our analysis of general traffic flows at our websites (e.g.
tracking where traffic comes from, how traffic flows within the websites, etc.).
To these ends, we may merge information about you into group data, which may then be shared on an aggregated basis with our advertisers.
In the event that you provide us with answers to voluntary survey questions, we may present this information to our advertisers and partners, in the form of grouped statistics compiled from our users’ answers to such questions.
We also aggregate data from the Software (as defined below) regarding total traffic flows and content delivery performance as well as other data collected in the use of our products or services in order to understand usability and monitor network conditions and compare the performance of BitTorrent and HTTP protocols on the public internet.

 Gathering and Use of Personal Information You may visit the Sites and use the Software and many of the Services without any registration at all.
However, from time to time, we may enable certain additional functionality or services whereby you will have to create a user account, and we may collect and process the following information about you:

information such as your name, address, phone number and e-mail address, and other demographic information (such as date of birth, gender, age, and interests) that you provide by completing forms on the Sites, including if you register as a user of the Services, subscribe to our mailing lists, upload or submit any material through the services, or request any information.
your log-in and password details in connection with the account sign-in process;
if you log-in using a third party social media account (such as a Facebook or Google account), we may collect basic account information about you from that social media provider (such as your name, address, phone number and e-mail address, and other demographic information, like your date of birth, gender, age and interests);
details of any requests or transactions made by you through the Service;
communications you send to us, for example to report a problem or to submit queries, concerns, or comments regarding the Service or its content;
information that you post to the Site in the form of comments or contributions to discussions.

We will use the personal information you provide to:

identify you when you sign-in to your account;
enable us to provide you with the Services or to carry out your instructions (for example, to process payment information);
send you information we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us;
present projects to you when you use the Service which we believe will be of interest based on your geographic location and previous use of the Service;
administer your account with us;
enable us to contact you regarding any question you make through the Service;
analyze the use of the Service and the people visiting to improve our content and Services.
and
use for other purposes that we may disclose to you when we request your information.

Publishers of BitTorrent Bundles receive or have access to the e-mail addresses of users who sign up for such Publisher's mailing list through the Services.
We may also use e-mail addresses and other personal information from time to time in order to gather and provide to our members and visitors improved content and features.
Notwithstanding any other terms of this Privacy Policy, we may release any personal information we obtain or collect when we believe its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our Site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
 How the BitTorrent Client Works 
The BitTorrent Client is a software application on your machine that manages downloads.
The BitTorrent Client downloads files quickly by trading pieces with other users who are also downloading (or have downloaded) the same content.
Your use of the BitTorrent Client to download files will, in turn, enable other BitTorrent users (or users of other clients that communicate using the BitTorrent protocol, including clients that are unaffiliated with BitTorrent, Inc.) to download pieces of those files from you.
Although your IP address is associated with your piece of the file, other users will not have access to any other personal information about you.;
We do not track which files you transfer with the BitTorrent Client.
Merely using the BitTorrent Client does not cause a record of which files you transfer to be kept by BitTorrent or BitTorrent on behalf of any third party.;


 Does BitTorrent use "cookies"? Cookies are small bits of electronic information that a web site can transfer to a visitor's hard drive to help tailor and keep records of his or her visit to the site.
The use of cookies is standard on the Internet and many web sites use them.
Cookies allow web site operators to better customize visits to the site to the visitor's individual preferences.
For example, by setting a cookie you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time.
We currently save password information in cookies.
In addition, advertisements displayed on the BitTorrent websites or in the Software may contain cookies.
Third party analytics, ad-serving and affiliate partners may set or have cookies set and access their cookies or local storage objects (flash cookies) on your computer, when you are using the Software or visiting a BitTorrent website and may collect information about your online activities across websites or online services.
We may utilize Google Analytics Suite in the collection, compilation and analysis of information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on some of our Services, and to develop website content.
This analytics data is not tied to any Personal Information.
For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ .
You can opt out of Google’s collection and Processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
The third parties who serve our advertisements transfer cookies, and we do not control their use or content of their cookies and in many instances have no access to the information collected by them.
Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you do not wish to have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, please visit the suggested sites below for more information about the use of cookies and how to opt-out of them.
Please note this does not stop you being served untargeted advertising.
You will continue to receive generic ads, but these will no longer be tailored to your specific interests.
 http://www.pubmatic.com/privacy-policy.php http://www.indexexchange.com/privacy https://telaria.com/privacy-policy/ https://www.sovrn.com/privacy-policy/ https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/ https://www.appodeal.com/privacy-policy https://integralads.com/privacy-policy http://www.pixalate.com/privacypolicy/ https://dev.adzerk.com/docs/privacy-policy-ad-server https://liveramp.com/privacy/ http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/

Although most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, you can usually change your browser to prevent that or to notify you when you are sent a cookie.
Even without accepting a cookie, you can still access many, if not all, of the features of the BitTorrent websites or the Software.
However, some parts of the BitTorrent websites or the Software may not function properly if you refuse cookies. Does BitTorrent disclose the information it collects from its visitors to outside parties? Except as provided herein, BitTorrent does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer outside the company personal information that visitors voluntarily provide BitTorrent in any registration or use of the BitTorrent websites or the Software, except when it’s necessary to provide the Services (like when we partner with payment processors).

This information we collect is used to better understand visitors’ use of the features of the BitTorrent websites or the Software, to support related transactions made on or through the BitTorrent websites or the Software, and to better know our visitors and possibly tailor any specific features, promotions, advertisement or other notifications to them.
However, this data in an aggregate form without any personal information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

Should you no longer wish to receive information from us, or should your information change, we have provided a way for you to correct, update or remove the personal data you gave us.
You can do this simply by contacting us in any of the simple ways set forth below in the section entitled "How do you change your information and preferences?"
If you access or download content from a Publisher of a BitTorrent Bundle, personal information such as your e-mail address, IP address and basic account information will be provided to that Publisher.
Please contact the publisher to amend your marketing preferences with them directly.
Finally, we may disclose your personal information upon a transfer or sale to another entity of all or substantially all of our assets or equity securities or upon any other corporate reorganization. BitTorrent’s special note to parents.
In compliance with the 1998 Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), the Sites are general audience websites and do not knowingly collect, nor will it ever knowingly retain, personal information from any visitor BitTorrent actually knows to be under thirteen years of age without the consent of that child's parent or legal guardian. How do you change your information and preferences? To update or modify the information and preferences, i.e., whether we share your personal information with third parties or publishers, or updating any marketing preferences we hold, if applicable, that we have on file for your user account, if applicable, simply go to the applicable Site or Service, log in, go to the user account section, then modify your details and settings as necessary. Third party links and co-brand relationships.
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, we may choose various third party web sites or services to link to, and/or frame within, the Sites or Services.
We may also include offers from third parties as part of the installation process for our software.
We also participate in co-branding and other relationships to offer e-commerce and other services and features to our users.
However, even if the third party is affiliated with us, we have no control over these third party sites or services, each of which has separate privacy and data collection practices independent of us.
Data collected by our co-brand partners or third party web sites (even if offered on or through our Site or Services) may not be received by us.
As such, we have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any such web sites or services.
These linked sites or services are only for your convenience and you therefore access them at your own risk.
Some of the web search services provided in BitTorrent Maelstrom software are provided by Trovi Search and powered by Trovi search partners.
For information on the web search services data collection, please visit http://info.trovi.com/privacy, and the search provider’s privacy policy, as applicable. International transfers.
BitTorrent, Inc.
is a company headquartered in the United States of America.
As such, when you use our Sites, Services or Software, your personal information may be transferred to the United States of America and other countries for processing.
While data protection laws in these countries may not be as strict as the laws of the country in which you reside, your personal information will at all times be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Notification of changes.
By visiting the website or using the applications and/or services, you consent to the collection and use of information by us as set forth in this privacy policy.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes within this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Questions? Contact us.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please do not hesitate to write to us at: Privacy Matters
c/o BitTorrent, Inc.
301 Howard St., Suite 2000
San Francisco, California 94105  End User License Agreements and Terms and Conditions.
Please also read any applicable End User License Agreements and/or Terms and Conditions that apply to individual BitTorrent applications and services. Company 
About
Jobs
Blog
Privacy
EULA
Copyright
Terms
Now Terms
Advertise
 Client 
Free
Pro
Mobile
Remote
 Help 
Client
Now
Forums
Security




 中文（简体） 中文（繁體） English Deutsch Español Français Italiano 한국어 Nederlands Русский Polski Português Português (Brasil) Türkçe 日本語 
 English 


中文（简体）
中文（繁體）
English
Deutsch
Español
Français
Italiano
한국어
Nederlands
Русский
Polski
Português
Português (Brasil)
Türkçe
日本語












©2018 BitTorrent Inc.

We use cookies for analytics, advertising and to improve our site.
To learn more Click here.
By clicking "I accept", you accept use of our cookies, and by continuing to use our services, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. I accept &lt;img src="//pixel.quantserve.com/pixel/p-f87ZgUEkM-SZY.gif" style="display: none;" border="0" height="1" width="1" alt="Quantcast"/&gt.
&lt;img src="http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=17330952&amp;cv=2.0&amp;cj=1" /&gt.
&lt;div style="display:inline;"&gt.
&lt;img height="1" width="1" style="border-style:none;" src="//www.googleadservices.com/pagead/conversion/980074935/?label=1ZjGCI7il1YQt4Or0wM&amp;amp;guid=ON&amp;amp;script=0"/&gt.
&lt;/div&gt.
