 Bluestack Systems, Inc.
Terms of Use 
PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR USE OF AND ACCESS TO OUR SERVICES (DEFINED BELOW) ARE SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE FOLLOWING, YOU MAY NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER.


Terms of Use

Welcome to BlueStacks.
 Please read on to learn the rules and restrictions that govern your use of our website, products, software, services, and applications, we are making available to you (the “Services”).
 If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding these terms or the Services, please contact us at eula at bluestacks dot com.
or Bluestack Systems, Inc., 2105 South Bascom Avenue, Suite 380, Campbell, CA 95008, USA.
These Terms of Use (the “Terms”) are a binding contract between you and Bluestack Systems, Inc.
(“BlueStacks,” “we” and “us”).
  You must agree to and accept all of the Terms, or you don’t have the right to use the Services.
 Your using the Services in any way means that you agree to all of these Terms, and these Terms will remain in effect while you use the Services.
 If these terms are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms.
These Terms include the provisions in this document, as well as those in the Privacy Policy and Copyright Dispute Policy.
Click on any of the links below to go straight to one of the following sections:
 

Quick References:

Will these Terms ever change?
What about my privacy?
What are the basics of using BlueStacks?
What is BlueStacks Store and BlueStacks Point?
What is Bluestacks’ Card Program?
Your use of the Services is subject to the following additional restrictions
What are my rights in BlueStacks?
Do I have to grant consent to BlueStacks to communicate with me?
Contests and Sweepstakes 
Do I have to grant any licenses to BlueStacks or to other users? 
What if I see something on the Services that infringes my copyright? 
Who is responsible for what I see and do on the Services? 
Third Party Services 
Will BlueStacks ever change the Services? 
Does BlueStacks cost anything? 
What if I want to stop using BlueStacks? 
What else do I need to know? 
 
Will these Terms ever change?
We are constantly trying to improve our Services, so these Terms may need to change along with the Services.
 We reserve the right to change the Terms at any time, but if we do, we will bring it to your attention by placing a notice on the website (https://www.bluestacks.com/terms.html), by sending you an email, and/or by some other means.

If you don’t agree with the new Terms, you are free to reject them.
unfortunately, that means you will no longer be able to use the Services.
 However, if you use the Services in any way after a change to the Terms is effective, that means you agree to all of the changes.

Except for changes by us as described here, no other amendment or modification of these Terms will be effective unless in writing and signed by both you and BlueStacks.
What about my privacy?
BlueStacks takes the privacy of its users very seriously.
 For the current BlueStacks Privacy Policy, please click Privacy Policy.
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) requires that online service providers obtain parental consent before they knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children who are under 13.
 We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under 13.
if you are a child under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us.
 If we learn we have collected personal information from a child under 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at eula at bluestacks dot com.
What are the basics of using BlueStacks?
You may be required to download and install certain software to your mobile device or computer, and sign up for an account, and select a password and user name (“BlueStacks User ID”).
 You promise to provide us with accurate, complete, and updated registration information about yourself.
You may not select as your BlueStacks User ID a name that you don’t have the right to use, or another person’s name with the intent to impersonate that person.
You may not transfer your account to anyone else without our prior written permission.
You represent and warrant that you are an individual of legal age to form a binding contract (or if not, you’ve received your parent’s or guardian’s permission to use the Services and gotten your parent or guardian to agree to these Terms on your behalf).
  
You will only use the Services for your own internal, personal, non-commercial use, and not on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party, and only in a manner that complies with all laws that apply to you.
 If your use of the Services is prohibited by applicable laws, then you aren’t authorized to use the Services.
We can’t and won’t be responsible for your using the Services in a way that breaks the law.
You will not share your account or password with anyone, and you must protect the security of your account and your password.
 You’re responsible for any activity associated with your account.
 
What is BlueStacks Store and BlueStacks Points?
BlueStacks Store is part of our Services.
Please refer to our webpage (https://support.bluestacks.com/hc/en-us/articles/115005549003) for more details about the BlueStacks Store program governed by these Terms (the “BlueStacks Store”).


Free BlueStacks Points 
We endeavor to reward and thank you for being a loyal user of our Services through the Free BlueStacks Points program.
We may, but have no obligation to, grant you any BlueStacks Points free of charge (such point, “Free BlueStacks Points”).
You can redeem the Free BlueStacks Points you earned for certain goods, products, or items on the BlueStacks Store.
 A Free BlueStacks Point is not cash or a cash equivalent and cannot be redeemed for cash or cash equivalents.
You may not transfer your Free BlueStacks Points to another individual unless otherwise required by applicable laws.
We reserve the right to change, modify and/or eliminate Free BlueStacks Points and the terms applicable thereto at any time upon notice to you (which may be provided through the Services or by modifying these Terms).
 We reserve the right to terminate your participation in the Free BlueStacks Point program if we determine in our reasonable discretion that you have violated these terms or that the use of your Free BlueStacks Point is unauthorized, deceptive, fraudulent or otherwise unlawful.
Paid BlueStacks Points 
If your Free BlueStacks Points are not sufficient to redeem one item, you may purchase additional BlueStacks Points as described below.
We allow you to pay for BlueStacks Points through BlueStacks App Player or BlueStacks.com website (such points, “Paid BlueStacks Points”).
 Paid BlueStacks Points you purchased will be credited to your BlueStacks account within 24 hours.
With Paid BlueStacks Point, you can redeem additional goods, products, or items on the BlueStacks Store.
The dollar value that you paid for your Paid BlueStacks Points is a prepayment only for the redemption of goods available for redemption on our platform via the Services.
No credit card, credit line, overdraft protection or deposit account is associated with your BlueStacks Points account.
 No interest, dividends or any other earnings on funds deposited in your account for Paid BlueStacks Points will accrue or be paid or credited to you by Bluestacks.
The value associated with your BlueStacks Points is not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC).




Purchase of Paid BlueStacks Points



You can pay for Paid BlueStacks Points by using a payment method accepted by  the Bluestacks Store.
We reserve the right to submit your transaction or redemption history as evidence of funds being used to the disputing bank, in the event you dispute or attempt to chargeback any charge for Paid BlueStacks Points with your bank or card provider.
Holders of any Paid BlueStacks Points are not sent statements of itemized transactions from us.
You can check the balance of your Paid BlueStacks Points through the Services.
We reserve the right not to accept or otherwise limit use of any Paid BlueStacks Points if we reasonably believe that the use is unauthorized, fraudulent or otherwise unlawful.



Refund of Paid BlueStacks Points



You can request a refund of all the Paid BlueStacks Point(s) you acquired in a single purchase within 48 hours of such purchase, provided that none of such Paid BlueStacks Point(s) has been used.
Unless permitted by the foregoing sentence or otherwise required by law, any amount you paid for your Paid BlueStacks Points is nonrefundable and may not be redeemed for cash.
For clarity, if all or part of your Paid BlueStacks Point(s) in a single purchase has been used to redeem any item on our platform, none of the Paid BlueStacks Point(s) in the same purchase can be refunded.
The refund will be applied to the purchaser’s original method of payment.
For refund of any eligible Paid BlueStacks Points, please contact us at fulfillment at bluestacks dot com
We do not charge any fees for the opening, activation or use of your BlueStacks Points account.
The dollar value in your Paid BlueStacks Points has no expiration date.
 Please note, however, that if you have not redeemed the value in your Paid BlueStacks Points for a certain period of time after such value was added, applicable law may require us to remit such value to the state in which the purchasing user was or is located, or the state in which Bluestacks is incorporated.
This time period will vary from state to state.
it may be as short as one year.
Accordingly, please remember to use your Paid BlueStacks Points in a timely manner.
You release us from any liability in connection with its compliance with laws applicable in this regard.

Item Redemption.
Cancellation.

You may redeem an item with all BlueStacks Points from the BlueStacks Store.
You may also purchase an item from the BlueStacks Store by using a payment method through the Bluestacks Store, without using any BlueStacks Points.
If you don’t have enough BlueStacks Points to redeem an item, you may purchase additional Paid BlueStacks Points and redeem the item with all BlueStacks Points.You can cancel your order for a physical item by contacting us at fulfillment at bluestacks dot com within 24 hours of your order for a full refund.
Digital items are eligible for refund within 48 hours after redemption.
Refund will be made in the same form as the original order.
 Except as permitted by the foregoing or otherwise required by law, no other order is cancellable or refundable.
Delivery of Redeemed Item
When you redeem a digital item on our platform, the item will be delivered and made available to you within 24 hours.
You may access your order(s) from the My Orders page inside the BlueStacks Store.
Some digital items may be redeemed more than once and each redemption is considered a separate transaction.
When you redeem a physical item on our platform, we’ll ask for your mailing address to verify such address so that we can properly deliver the item you redeemed.
If we are unable to verify your mailing address, we’ll notify you via email to correct the mailing address.
 Please promptly respond to such email.
If we don’t hear from you within 15 days after the initial email, we will send you a reminder email notifying you of the problem with the mailing address.
If we don’t hear from you within 24 hours after the reminder email, we will send you a final reminder email.
If we still don’t hear from you within 24 hours after the final reminder email, we will have to cancel your order.
An order cancellation email will be sent to you and any BlueStacks Points used to redeem such item will be credited back to your BlueStacks account.
After we successfully verified your mailing address, we’ll send your order to our fulfillment center, which will aim to ship out your redeemed item within 72 hours of their receipt of the order.
 Please note that delivery of a redeemed item may take some time (in rare cases, longer than 30 days) to arrive to your address, depending on various factors out of our control, such as the carriers’ speed and delivery timeframe, and customs processing time.
Any delivery time notified to you is estimate only.
BlueStacks does not promise any delivery time, and is not responsible for any delay or seizure by the customs of any item.
If you have any questions regarding the order delivery status, please feel free to contact us at fulfillment at bluestacks dot com.
Please inspect any item upon its delivery, and report any damaged item without 24 hours of its delivery.
 All such notifications should be sent to fulfillmentfulfillment at bluestacks dot com, accompanied with a detailed description and picture(s) or video(s) of the damaged item.
If we verified that an item is not received by you due to carrier misplacement or customs seizure, we may ship you a replacement item in our reasonable discretion.

Warranty Disclaimer
ANY AND ALL ITEMS PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE BLUESTACKS STORE OR BLUESTACKS POINT ARE MADE AVAILABLE ON AN AS IS, WHERE IS BASIS, AND BLUESTACKS AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, PERFORMANCE, SUITABILITY, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

 
What is Bluestacks’ Card Program?
 
We endeavor to reward and thank you for being a loyal user of our Services through the Bluestacks card(s) (the “Card”).
 The term “Card” used in these Terms in the singular, where the context so permits, shall be deemed to include the plural and vice versa.
You can earn the Card by performing certain tasks within our Services.
You may also use BlueStacks Points to purchase the Card, either individually or in packs of random selection, from the BlueStacks Store.
 A Card is not cash or a cash equivalent and cannot be redeemed for cash or cash equivalents.
You may not transfer your Cards to another individual unless specifically permitted herein or otherwise required by applicable laws.
Some of the Cards might be or become useful in games available on our platform now or in the future.
We’ll specify the terms for such Cards on the page where you can acquire them.
Some of our Services allow users to interact with each other to buy and sell Cards for BlueStacks Points (the “Marketplace”).
You may purchase a Card from other users for the number of BlueStacks Points they set for the sale of such Card.
If you want to sell any Card, you may set the price for such Card (in the form of BlueStacks Points) in your sole discretion and offer it for sale in the Marketplace.
You can withdraw the sales offer at any time before another user purchases your Card.
However, all sales are final, once a sale completes there is no mechanism to undo the sale and restore the Cards to their original owners.
Some of our Services allow users to interact with each other to trade their Cards for other Cards (the “Trading Square”).
You may choose, at your sole discretion, to offer one or more of your Cards for trade and select what Card(s) you will need to receive to complete the trade.
 You don’t need to always trade one Card or another Card.
You may trade multiple Cards for one Card, or vice versa.
You can withdraw the trading offer at any time before another user offers the requested Cards for your trading offer.
However, all trades are final, once a trade completes there is  no mechanism to undo the trade and restore the Cards to their original owners.
Bluestacks only acts as an independent platform for any transaction through the Marketplace and the Trading Square, is not involved in any transactions between users, and does not act as a provider or a purchaser (or agent for providers or purchasers) with respect to any such transactions.
Please use caution, common sense, and practice safe trading when dealing with other users or otherwise using the Services.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the sales, trading, or transactions by any third party that you interact with through the Services.
 You agree that Bluestacks shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings.
If there is a dispute between users on our Services, or between users and any third party, you agree that Bluestacks is under no obligation to become involved.
In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you release Bluestacks, its officers, employees, agents, and successors from claims, demands, and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our Services.
If you are a California resident, you shall and hereby do waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: “”A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.”
 
Your use of the Services is subject to the following additional restrictions:
You represent, warrant, and agree that you will not contribute any Content or User Submission (each of those terms is defined below) or otherwise use the Services or interact with the Services in a manner that:

Infringes or violates the intellectual property rights or any other rights of anyone else (including BlueStacks);
Violates any law or regulation, including any applicable export control and data privacy laws;
Is harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene, offensive, graphically violent, pornographic, or otherwise objectionable;
Jeopardizes the security of your BlueStacks account or anyone else’s (such as allowing someone else to log in to the Services as you);
Attempts, in any manner, to obtain the password, account, or other security information from any other user;
Violates the security of any computer network, or cracks any passwords or security encryption codes, or attempt to post or transmit any information that constitutes a virus, bug, malicious code, or other harmful item;
Runs Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder or “spam” on the Services, or any processes that run or are activated while you are not logged into the Services, or that otherwise interfere with the proper working of the Services (including by placing an unreasonable load on the Services’ infrastructure);
“Crawls,” “scrapes,” or “spiders” any page, data, or portion of or relating to the Services or Content (through use of manual or automated means);
Copies or stores any significant portion of the Content;
Decompiles, reverse engineers, or otherwise attempts to obtain the source code or underlying ideas or information of or relating to the Services.

A violation of any of the foregoing is grounds for termination of your right to use or access the Services.
BlueStacks has a zero-tolerance policy against child pornography and will terminate any account and make reports to the appropriate law enforcement authorities about any user who publishes or distributes child pornography.

What are my rights in BlueStacks?
The materials displayed or performed or available on or through the Services, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, audio media, videos, data, articles, photos, images, illustrations, User Submissions, and so forth (all of the foregoing, the “Content”) are protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property laws.
You promise to abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content you access through the Services, and you won’t use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit for any purpose any Content not owned by you, (i) without the prior consent of the owner of that Content or (ii) in a way that violates someone else’s (including BlueStacks’) rights.

You understand that BlueStacks owns the Services.
As between you and BlueStacks, (or other company whose marks appear on or via the Services), BlueStacks (or the respective company) is the owner and/or authorized user of any trademark, registered trademark and/or service mark appearing on the Services, and is the copyright owner or licensee of the content and/or information on the Services, unless otherwise indicated.
Except as otherwise provided herein, use of the Services (including any software) does not grant you a license to any content, features or materials you may access on the Services and you may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as expressly provided in this Section), or create derivative works of such content, features or materials, in whole or in part, or otherwise exploit any of the Services.
Any commercial use of Services (including any software) is strictly prohibited, except as allowed herein or otherwise approved by us.
Nothing on any Services should be construed to grant any license or right to use any BlueStacks marks or logos without our prior written consent.

The Services may allow you to copy or download certain Content.
please remember that just because this functionality exists, doesn’t mean that all the restrictions above don’t apply – they do!
Do I have to grant consent to BlueStacks to communicate with me?
You acknowledge that our collection, use, and sharing of your information is subject to our Privacy Policy.
You can unsubscribe or opt out from such communication at any time, but you may be unable to receive crucial account related communication.
To unsubscribe, please visit https://bluestacks-cloud.appspot.com/communications.html, enter your email address that you wish to unsubscribe and click on the “unsubscribe” button or click on the unsubscribe link in your email.
 
Contests and Sweepstakes
We sometimes run contests and sweepstakes on our Services.
The official rules for any contest or sweepstakes will be published on the site where you may enter such contest or sweepstakes.
Current contest and sweepstakes official rules can be found at [LINK]
 
Do I have to grant any licenses to BlueStacks or to other users?
Anything you post, upload, share, store, or otherwise provide through the Services is your “User Submission.” The Services may allow you to share your User Submission publicly on the Services and/or in a manner that other users can view.
In order to display your User Submissions on the Services, and to allow other users to enjoy them (where applicable), you grant us certain rights in those User Submissions.
Please note that the following license is subject to our Privacy Policy to the extent they relate to User Submissions that are also your personally-identifiable information.

For your User Submissions, or if you provide us (in a direct email or otherwise) with any feedback, suggestions, improvements, enhancements, and/or feature requests relating to the Services, you hereby grant BlueStacks a license to use, display, reproduce, distribute and otherwise exploit and act with respect to such User Submissions, in each case to make that User Submission accessible to all BlueStacks users and to enable us to operate the Services, as well as all other rights necessary to use and exercise all rights in that User Submission in connection with the Services and our business.
Also, you grant all other users of the Services a license to access your User Submission, and to use and exercise all rights in it, as permitted by the functionality of the Services.
You agree that the licenses you grant are royalty-free, perpetual, sublicenseable, irrevocable, and worldwide.
This is a license only – your ownership in User Submissions is not affected.
Finally, you understand and agree that BlueStacks, in performing the required technical steps to provide the Services to our users (including you), may need to make changes to your User Submissions to conform and adapt those User Submissions to the technical requirements of connection networks, devices, services, or media, and the foregoing licenses include the rights to do so.
What if I see something on the Services that infringes my copyright?
You may have heard of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”), as it relates to online service providers, like BlueStacks, being asked to remove material that allegedly violates someone’s copyright.
We respect others’ intellectual property rights, and we reserve the right to delete or disable Content alleged to be infringing, and to terminate the accounts of repeat alleged infringers.
to review our complete Copyright Dispute Policy and learn how to report potentially infringing content, click here.
To learn more about the DMCA, click here.

Who is responsible for what I see and do on the Services?
Any information or content publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Services is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such content originated, and you access all such information and content at your own risk, and we aren’t liable for any errors or omissions in that information or content or for any damages or loss you might suffer in connection with it.
We cannot control and have no duty to take any action regarding how you may interpret and use the Content or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content, and you hereby release us from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services.
We can’t guarantee the identity of any users with whom you interact in using the Services and are not responsible for which users gain access to the Services.

You are responsible for all Content you contribute, in any manner, to the Services, and you represent and warrant you have all rights necessary to do so, in the manner in which you contribute it.
You will keep all your registration information accurate and current.
You are responsible for all your activity in connection with the Services.
Third Party Services:
You acknowledge and agree that the Services operate on or with or using application programming interfaces (APIs) and/or other services or technology provided by third parties, and the Services may enable you to access and use third party websites, content, materials, apps or services (all of the foregoing, “Third Party Services”), and may contain links or connections to such Third Party Services that are not owned or controlled by BlueStacks.
Third Party Services may be subject to limitations, delays, and other problems inherent in the use of such Third Party Services.
Your right to use Third Party Services is governed by the terms of the license agreements for Third Party Services specified by such third party and not under this Terms of Use.
BlueStacks is not responsible for the operation of any Third Party Services nor the availability or operation of the Services to the extent such availability and operation is dependent upon Third Party Services.
You are solely responsible for procuring any and all rights necessary for you to access Third Party Services and for complying with any applicable terms or conditions thereof.
BlueStacks does not make any representations or warranties with respect to Third Party Services or any third party providers.
Any exchange of data or other interaction between you and a third party provider is solely between you and such third party provider and is governed by such third party’s terms and conditions.
When you access Third Party Services, you accept that there are risks in doing so, and that BlueStacks is not responsible for such risks.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third Party Services that you visit or utilize.
BlueStacks has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any Third Party Services or by any third party that you interact with through the Services.
In addition, BlueStacks will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit the content of any Third Party Services.
By using the Services, you release and hold us harmless from any and all liability arising from your use of any third party website or service.

Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Services, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals.
You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties.
You agree that BlueStacks shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings.

If there is a dispute between participants on this site, or between users and any third party, you agree that BlueStacks is under no obligation to become involved.
In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you release BlueStacks, its officers, employees, agents, and successors from claims, demands, and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our Services.
If you are a California resident, you shall and hereby do waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.”
Will BlueStacks ever change the Services?
We’re always trying to improve the Services, so they may change over time.
We may suspend or discontinue any part of the Services, or we may introduce new features or impose limits on certain features or restrict access to parts or all of the Services.
We’ll try to give you notice when we make a material change to the Services that would adversely affect you, but this isn’t always practical.
Similarly, we reserve the right to remove any Content from the Services at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, if someone alleges you contributed that Content in violation of these Terms), in our sole discretion, and without notice.

Does BlueStacks cost anything?
Many of our Services are currently free.
We reserve the right to require payment of fees for certain or all Services.
To the extent that certain of our Services may be subject to payments now or in the future (the “Paid Services”), the following terms apply: 


Billing.
We use a third-party payment processor (the “Payment Processor”) to bill you through a payment account linked to your BlueStacks account on the Services (your “Billing Account”) for use of the Paid Services.
The processing of payments will be subject to the terms, conditions and privacy policies of the Payment Processor in addition to these Terms.
We are not responsible for error by the Payment Processor.
By choosing to use Paid Services, you agree to pay us, through the Payment Processor, all charges at the prices then in effect for any use of such Paid Services in accordance with the applicable payment terms and you authorize us, through the Payment Processor, to charge your chosen payment provider (your “Payment Method”).
You agree to make payment using that selected Payment Method.
We reserve the right to correct any errors or mistakes that it makes even if it has already requested or received payment.
If the Payment Processor identifies or we otherwise believe that your transaction may pose an unacceptable level of risk, that you have breached these Terms, or that your account has been compromised, we may take various actions to avoid liability and reduce potential fraud and disputes.
The actions we may take (and we expressly reserve the right to take) include, but are not limited to, suspending or limiting your ability to purchase any Paid Services, refusing or rejecting your transaction, or blocking you from accessing or using some or part of the Services (especially for users with a record of fraudulent transactions, requesting refunds on multiple occasions without valid reasons, having caused chargebacks, or otherwise posing high risks).
If possible, we will provide you with advance notice of our actions and resolution steps.
However, advance notice will not be provided if there is an immediate need to take actions such as a security threat, potential fraud, or illegal activity.


Payment Method.
The terms of your payment will be based on your Payment Method and may be determined by agreements between you and the financial institution, credit card issuer or other provider of your chosen Payment Method.
If we, through the Payment Processor, do not receive payment from you, you agree to pay all amounts due on your Billing Account upon demand.

Current Information Required.
You must provide current, complete and accurate information for your billing account.
 You must promptly update all information to keep your billing account current, complete and accurate (such as a change in billing address, credit card number, or credit card expiration date) through your BlueStacks account, and you must promptly notify us or our payment processor if your payment method is canceled (e.g., for loss or theft) or if you become aware of a potential breach of security, such as the unauthorized disclosure or use of your user name or password.
 Changes to such information can be made through your BlueStacks account.
If you fail to provide any of the foregoing information, you agree that we may continue charging you for any use of Paid Services under your billing account unless you have terminated your Paid Services by means of sending us an email to premium dot support at bluestacks dot com.

Change in Amount Authorized.
If the amount to be charged to your Billing Account varies from the amount you preauthorized (other than due to the imposition or change in the amount of state sales taxes), you have the right to receive, and we shall provide, notice of the amount to be charged and the date of the charge before the scheduled date of the transaction.
Any agreement you have with your payment provider will govern your use of your Payment Method.
You agree that we may accumulate charges incurred and submit them as one or more aggregate charges during or at the end of each billing cycle.

Reaffirmation of Authorization.
Your non-termination or continued use of a Paid Service reaffirms that we are authorized to charge your Payment Method for that Paid Service.
We may submit those charges for payment and you will be responsible for such charges.
This does not waive our right to seek payment directly from you.
Your charges may be payable in advance or as otherwise described when you initially selected to use the Paid Service.

Subscription Services.





Good standing: BlueStacks reserves the right to offer the premium subscription version of the Services (“Subscription Services”) to you only if you are a customer in good standing.
BlueStacks reserves the right to refuse Subscription Services for any other reason including but not limited to a) your creditworthiness, b) you have purchased Subscription Services and cancelled them frequently in the past, or c) you have disputed payments for Subscription Services with your credit card company without pursuing the nominal cancellation process through premium dot support at bluestacks.com.

Fees and Payments. You agree to pay the subscription fees and any other charges (including any applicable taxes) incurred in connection with using software and Services at the rates in effect when the charges were incurred.
The subscription fees stated at the time of purchase will be charged to your credit card.
As soon as BlueStacks has received full payment, your paid premium subscription will begin.
BlueStacks will bill all charges automatically to your credit card.
Subscription fees will be billed at the beginning of your subscription period or any renewal.
Unless BlueStacks states in writing otherwise, all fees and charges are nonrefundable.
BlueStacks may change the fees and charges then in effect, or add new fees or charges, by giving you notice in advance.
If you want to use a different credit card or there is a change in credit card validity or expiration date, please respond to the subscription confirmation email to make changes.
If you believe someone has accessed Services using Your user name and password without Your authorization, please contact premium dot support at bluestacks dot com.
You are responsible for any fees or charges incurred to access Services through an Internet access provider or other third-party service.

Auto-Renewal. Unless you opt out of auto-renewal, which can be done through your BlueStacks account any subscription services you have signed up for will be automatically extended for successive renewal periods of the same duration as the subscription term originally selected, at the then-current non-promotional rate.
To change or resign your subscription services at any time, go to your BlueStacks account.
 If you terminate a subscription service, you may use your subscription until the end of your then-current term.
your subscription will not be renewed after your then-current term expires.

Cancellation. For annual subscriptions, BlueStacks will contact you within a reasonable time before the expiry of your subscription term to give you the opportunity to cancel or opt out of the renewal of your subscription for a further year.
If you fail to opt out, your subscription will automatically renew on the subscription expiry date, at the then current yearly subscription rate, and you will be charged accordingly, except as otherwise required by law.
For all subscriptions, you must cancel your subscription before it renews in order to avoid billing of subscription fees for the renewal term to your credit card.
BlueStacks may cancel your subscription at any time by notifying you.
You may cancel your subscription by contacting our Customer Support at premium dot support at bluestacks dot com.

Refund. If you cancel a yearly subscription before 30 days after the subscription start date, you will generally be entitled a full refund for any reason.
If you cancel a yearly subscription between 2 and 6 months after the subscription start date, you will generally be entitled to a pro rata refund for any unused months.
 No refund will be paid (and no cancellation fee will apply) in relation to month-to-month subscriptions, trial subscriptions, or yearly subscriptions cancelled after 6 months of the subscription start date.

What if I want to stop using BlueStacks? 
You’re free to uninstall the BlueStacks software at any time.
please refer to our Privacy Policy as well as the licenses above, to understand how we treat information you provide to us after you have stopped using our Services.

BlueStacks is also free to terminate (or suspend access to) your use of the Services or your account, for any reason in our discretion, including your breach of these Terms.
BlueStacks has the sole right to decide whether you are in violation of any of the restrictions set forth in these Terms.
Account termination may result in destruction of any Content associated with your account, so keep that in mind before you decide to terminate your account.

If you have deleted your account by mistake, contact us immediately at premium dot support at bluestacks dot com – we will try to help, but unfortunately, we can’t promise that we can recover or restore anything.
What else do I need to know?
Warranty Disclaimer.
Neither BlueStacks nor its licensors or suppliers makes any representations or warranties concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Services, and we will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services.
We (and our licensors and suppliers) make no representations or warranties regarding suggestions or recommendations of services or products offered or purchased through the Services.
Products and services purchased or offered (whether or not following such recommendations and suggestions) through the Services are provided “AS IS” and without any warranty of any kind from BlueStacks or others (unless, with respect to such others only, provided expressly and unambiguously in writing by a designated third party for a specific product).
THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED BY BLUESTACKS (AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS) ON AN “AS-IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

Limitation of Liability.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE) SHALL BLUESTACKS (OR ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS) BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR (B) ANY AMOUNT, IN THE AGGREGATE, IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF (I) $100 OR (II) THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO BLUESTACKS IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THIS APPLICABLE CLAIM, OR (C) ANY MATTER BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

Indemnity.
To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, You agree to indemnify and hold BlueStacks, its affiliates, officers, agents, employees, and partners harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising from or in any way related to any third party claims relating to (a) your use of the Services (including any actions taken by a third party using your account), and (b) your violation of these Terms.

Assignment.
You may not assign, delegate or transfer these Terms or your rights or obligations hereunder, or your Services account, in any way (by operation of law or otherwise) without BlueStacks’ prior written consent.
We may transfer, assign, or delegate these Terms and our rights and obligations without consent.
Choice of Law.
Arbitration.
These Terms are governed by and will be construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.
Any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of these Terms shall be finally settled in Santa Clara County, California, in English, in accordance with the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc.
(“JAMS”) then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who shall be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with such Rules.
Judgment upon the award rendered by such arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing obligation to arbitrate disputes, each party shall have the right to pursue injunctive or other equitable relief at any time, from any court of competent jurisdiction.
For all purposes of these Terms, the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state or federal courts located in, respectively, Santa Clara County, California.

Term and Termination.
Unless otherwise provided in a written agreement between you and BlueStacks, any licenses granted by BlueStacks to you in connection with your use of the Services is effective until terminated.
Your rights under the license will terminate automatically without notice from BlueStacks if you fail to comply with any of these terms.
Upon the termination, you shall cease all use of the Services (including any software) and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the software.
All provisions of these Terms, which by their nature should survive termination, shall survive termination, including, without limitation, any obligation you have to pay us or indemnify us, any terms regarding ownership or intellectual property and proprietary rights, warranty disclaimers, any limitations on our liability, and terms regarding disputes between us.
Miscellaneous.
You will be responsible for paying, withholding, filing, and reporting all taxes, duties, and other governmental assessments associated with your activity in connection with the Services, provided that the BlueStacks may, in its sole discretion, do any of the foregoing on your behalf or for itself as it sees fit.
The failure of BlueStacks to exercise, in any way, any right herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.
If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated, to the minimum extent necessary, so that these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
Any claim or cause of action you may have with respect to BlueStacks or any Services must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arose.
You and BlueStacks agree that these Terms are the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding between you and BlueStacks, and that it supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of these Terms.
You hereby acknowledge and agree that you are not an employee, agent, partner, or joint venture of BlueStacks, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind BlueStacks in any respect whatsoever.
Except as expressly set forth in the section above regarding the Apple Application, you and BlueStacks agree there are no third party beneficiaries intended under these Terms.
Contact Us.
To contact us with any questions or concerns in connection with these Terms or to provide notice to us under these Terms please email us at eula at bluestacks dot com.
 