 Provides the useful service in finding long term care, senior health, pharmacy, mental health, fitness, nutrition, weight loss, medication, supplements, nursing, massage equipments and more.

Home


About Us


Link to Us


Health Blog


Privacy


Submit Site


Contact Us
 Silagra Vs.
Generic Viagra
Before we proceed any further, let us give you a brief reminder of what a generic drug is: it is a medication that is manufactured with the same characteristics as its brand-name equivalent by a company that did not participate in the discovery of the original formula.Obviously then, the brand drug and its generics contain the same active substance in similar doses. Generic Sildenafil Use and Mechanism of Action
Sildenafil is a substance for oral use that is safe, effective and appropriate for the treatment of erectile dysfunction.
Sildenafil can be used to treat impotence caused by organic, psychogenic, and mixed reasons. Generic Sildenafil Online
If you prefer buying things online, you are in everybody’s club: any item you wish for is at your fingertips, and the prices are easy to compare.
And by the way, the cost of goods online is so much more attractive.
So can one buy Silagra and other pills with sildenafil online, too? Browse Categories  By Age and Gender
 By Region
Addiction and Recovery
Alternative Medicine
Animal Health
Back and Spine
Beauty
Dentistry
Directories
Diseases and Conditions
Employment
Environmental Health
Equipments and Supplies
Fitness
General Health
Health Insurance
Legal Service
Long Term Care
Medication
Mental Health
Nursing
Nutrition
Pharmacy
Professions
Reproductive Health
Resources
Safety
Services
Software
Vision
Weight Loss
Yoga New Additions and Updates Chirobase Joint project of Quackwatch.
Skeptical guide to chiropractic history, theories, and current practices.
Category: Alternative Medicine &gt.
Chiropractic Back Talk Systems Chiropractic brochures, posters, videos, postcards, and practice aids.
Useful resource for both patients and chiropractors.
Category: Alternative Medicine &gt.
Chiropractic Starkwood Chiropractic Portland Chiropractors specializing in the treatment of auto accidents and work injuries.
Same day and emergency appointments are available.
Category: Alternative Medicine &gt.
Chiropractic The Newport Beach Dentist Dentist in Newport Beach CA offering exceptional expertise for all kinds of dental work.
Category: Dentistry &gt.
Cosmetic Random Listings AlphaDry offers a system for male incontinence that is designed for an active lifestyle.
Category: General Health &gt.
Urinary Incontinence &gt.
Brand Names Activa Capital Activa Capital is an independent private equity fund specialized in French mid-market buyouts and growth capital investments.
Category: Services &gt.
Banks and Finance Companies American Society for Dental Aesthetics This page is here because the site administrator has changed the configuration of this web server.
Please contact the person responsible for maintaining this server with questions.
Category: Medication &gt.
Dentistry &gt.
Organizations &gt.
Professional American Academy of Musculoskeletal Medicine includes articles, references, and a pain locator.
Courses offered include prolotherapy and manipulation.
Category: Medication &gt.
Orthopedics &gt.
Academic Departments The Process The educational classes at LifeMatters are based upon years of clinical experience and training as Biofeedback and Marriage &amp.
Family Therapists.
Category: Alternative Medicine &gt.
Biofeedback National Drug Testing, LLC Special event security and investigative industrial drug testing.
On-site collection and testing anytime, anywhere.
Category: Addiction and Recovery &gt.
Miscellaneous &nbsp.
Burning Tree Ranch Dual Diagnosis Treatment BPD Treatment Colorado Residential Dialectical Behavioral Therapy Treatment Program Who's Online 22 user(s) are online.&nbsp;Members:0Guests:22 Recent Post • The Truth About Anti-Aging • Helpful Plans to Choose a Health Insurance • San Diego Dentist• Female Incontinence - Light Bladder Leakage• Fitness Personal Training• Advices For Anti Aging - Oil Skin• Anti Wrinkle Creams - Read The Instructions Before Use• Things You Should Know About Biotechnology• Benefits of Asthma Products• [more]
 Home | About Us | Contact Us | Disclaimer | Link to Us | Privacy Policy | Submit Site | Health Blog | Health Facebook
Copyright © 2020 HealthExcite.com, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
A health resource that brings together valuable information from trusted sources on topics and categories such as health, diseases, mental health, medications, health care, supplements and more.
 Website Terms Of Use and Acceptable Use Policy Website Terms of Use All contents of this website are copyright © Boingo Wireless, Inc.
All rights reserved.

Acceptance of Terms
The following terms (this “Agreement”) applies to your use of the Boingo website (the “Site”).
The materials on the Site are made available by Boingo Wireless, Inc.
and/or its subsidiaries (“Boingo”) for informational purposes only, and by downloading any materials from the Site, you agree to these terms.
You agree that by visiting the Site or using any of the Boingo Services (as defined below) in any manner, you agree that you have read and agree to be bound by and a party to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
If you do not unconditionally agree to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you have no right to use the Services.
Services and Content
The www.boingo.com website and domain name and any other linked pages, features, content, or application services (including without limitation any mobile application services) offered from time to time by Boingo in connection therewith are owned and operated by Boingo.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Boingo may offer to provide certain services, as described more fully on the Site, and that have been selected by you (together with such website, the “Services”), solely for your own use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party.
The term “Services” includes, without limitation, use of the Boingo website(s), any service Boingo performs for you and the Content (as defined below) offered by Boingo on the Boingo website(s).
Boingo may change, suspend or discontinue the Services at any time, including the availability of any feature, database, or Content.
Boingo may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability.
Boingo reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to revise, amend, or modify this Agreement at any time and in any manner without notice.
You shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications.
Your use of the Services following such notification constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as modified.
The Services and its contents are intended solely for the personal, non-commercial use of Services users and may only be used in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
All materials displayed or performed on the Services (including, but not limited to text, graphics, articles, photographs, images, illustrations (also known as the “Content,” and which includes User Submissions (as defined below))) are protected by copyright.
You shall abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services, and shall not use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit for any purposes whatsoever any Content or third party submissions or other proprietary rights not owned by you: (i) without the express prior written consent of the respective owners, and (ii) in any way that violates any third party right.
Additional terms which are applicable to Boingo customers are located at the following link: http://www.boingo.com/legal/end-user-license-agreement-boingo-customer-agreement/.
Boingo reserves the right to contact you about your account via email, cell phone or SMS text messaging.
If you are a Boingo customer, Boingo reserves the right to send you messages which may be informational in nature from numbers which may be utilized by Boingo (“Informational Messages”), such as messages regarding outages in your area, or in emergency situations.
Other messages from Boingo may be commercial in nature, marketing certain products and services to you (“Marketing Messages”).
Different legal obligations apply to Marketing Messages and Informational Messages, so in certain cases, these terms and conditions treat each such category differently, and you may notice the applicable text messages appear differently on your phone. Marketing Messages By subscribing to Marketing Messages, you consent to receiving up to three (3) SMS marketing messages per month from 47227.
To opt in to receive Marketing Messages from Boingo, send the word BOINGO to 47227.
You may also opt in to receive Marketing Messages by selecting the appropriate option therefor in your Boingo account profile.
To discontinue receiving Marketing Messages, send the word STOP to 47227 at any time.
For help or Information on these text message communications, send HELP to 47227.
For additional assistance, contact our Customer Care team 24/7 at 866-726-4646.
Boingo may discontinue the Marketing Message program at any time.
Message and data rates may apply to Marketing Messages.
Boingo does not have any control over these rates, nor any other obligations you may have to your carrier in connection with your text messaging service.
You understand and agree that Marketing Messages sent to your mobile phone/device may be generated using automated technology.
Your consent to receive Marketing Messages is not required to make a purchase.Marketing Messages may not be available for your particular carrier.
Participating carriers currently include: AT&amp;T, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, Metro PCS, U.S.
Cellular, Boost Mobile, Virgin Mobile, and Tier 2/3 Carrier Group.
T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages, nor is Boingo or any other carrier. Informational Messages If you provide us with your mobile phone number in your account profile, you understand and agree you may receive Informational Messages until you opt out as described in these terms.
To discontinue receiving Informational Messages from Boingo, send the word STOP to 54921 at any time.
For help or information on these text message communications, send HELP to 54921.
For additional assistance, contact our Customer Care team 24/7 at 1-866-726-4646.
Boingo may discontinue the Informational Message program at any time.
Message and data rates may apply to Informational Messages.
Boingo does not have any control over these rates, nor any other obligations you may have to your carrier in connection with your text messaging service.
You understand and agree that Informational Messages sent to your mobile phone/device may be generated using automated technology.
Informational Messages may not be available for your particular carrier.
Participating carriers currently include: AT&amp;T, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, Metro PCS, U.S.
Cellular, Boost Mobile, Virgin Mobile, and Tier 2/3 Carrier Group.
T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages, nor is Boingo or any other carrier.

Informational Messages are not an emergency service, and you should not rely on them for emergency notifications.

The Services are protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to U.S.
copyright laws, international conventions, and other intellectual property laws.
You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as expressly provided in this Section 2), create derivative works based on, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit, any of the Content, software, materials, or Services in whole or in part.
You may download or copy the Content (and other items displayed on the Services for download) for personal non-commercial use only, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained in such Content.
You shall not store any significant portion of any Content in any form.
Copying or storing of any Content other than personal, noncommercial use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from Boingo or from the copyright holder identified in such Content’s copyright notice.
If you link to the Services, Boingo may revoke your right to so link at any time, at Boingo’s sole discretion.
Boingo reserves the right to require prior written consent before linking to the Services.
You understand that all information publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Services, and any information or content you access through using the Services to access the internet (including content on any website you may visit) (“Public Content”) is the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated and that Boingo will not be liable for any errors or omissions in any content.
You understand that Boingo cannot guarantee the identity of any other individuals or entities with whom you may interact in the course of using the Services.
Additionally, Boingo cannot guarantee the authenticity of any data which individuals or entities may provide about themselves.
You acknowledge that all Content or Public Content accessed by you using the Services is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to any party resulting therefrom.
Boingo may – but is not obligated to – block your access to certain Public Content that it deems illegal, that violates any person’s or entity’s rights, or that may endanger the safety of any person.
However, Boingo is not responsible for any Public Content whatsoever, including any Public Content that you believe should have been blocked by Boingo.
You hereby release Boingo from any liability in connection with your access to or failure to access any Public Content.
Under no circumstances will Boingo be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred in connection with use of or exposure to any Content posted, emailed, accessed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Services.
Limited, Single Copy License
The contents of the Site are protected by United States law and worldwide copyright laws and treaties.
The copyright of all material on the Site is held by Boingo.
Except as stated herein, none of the material on or comprising the Site may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form by any means without the prior written consent of Boingo.
You may copy materials published by Boingo on this Site for internal, non-commercial use within your organization, solely for the purpose of supporting Boingo products and services.
This limited license terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms and conditions.
In addition, Boingo may terminate this license at any time without notice for any reason.
Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any materials downloaded, printed or otherwise obtained from the Site.
Unauthorized use of any material on the Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, communications regulations and statutes or other applicable laws, rules or regulations, and may subject you to civil liability and/or criminal penalties.
General Website Disclaimer
Although Boingo has attempted to provide accurate information on the Site, Boingo assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information, which may contain technical or other inaccuracies, omissions or typographical errors.
Boingo may change any of the information or other materials on the Site at any time without notice.
Boingo makes no commitment to update the materials or information on the Site.
You use the Site at your sole risk.
Boingo has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you.
You acknowledge that Boingo has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gain access to the Services.
what Content you access via the Services.
what effects the Content may have on you.
how you may interpret or use the Content.
or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content.
You release Boingo from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services.
The Services may contain, or direct you to websites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate.
Boingo makes no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Services, and Boingo will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services.
Boingo makes no representations or warranties regarding the accuracy of descriptions anywhere on the Services, or regarding suggestions or recommendations of services or products offered or purchased through the Services.
Products and services purchased (whether or not following such recommendations and suggestions) are provided “AS IS” without any warranty of any kind from Boingo or others unless, with respect to others (only), otherwise made expressly and unambiguously in writing by a designated third party for a specific product or service.

THE SERVICES, CONTENT, WEBSITES, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICES, AND ANY SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Boingo will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, special or other damages including, without limitation, loss of or damage to data, loss of use of or damage to computers or other systems, lost or damaged programs, costs of replacement goods and lost profits or revenues, arising out of the use or inability to use the Site or any Boingo product or service, even if Boingo has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so some of the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.
Indemnity
You will indemnify and hold Boingo, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, and employees harmless (including, without limitation, from all damages, liabilities, settlements, costs and attorneys’ fees) from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of your access to the Services, use of the Services, your violation of this Agreement, or the infringement by you or any third party using your account of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL BOINGO, ITS ADVERTISERS, SUBSIDIARIES, LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES, THE BOINGO NETWORK OR THIRD PARTY NETWORKS, ANY ADVERTISEMENTS OR THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (I) FOR ANY AMOUNT IN THE AGGREGATE IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF $100 OR THE FEES PAID BY YOU FOR THE SERVICES AND ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PURCHASED THROUGH THE SERVICES DURING THE 12-MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE APPLICABLE CLAIM.
(II) FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER.
(III) FOR DATA LOSS OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES.
OR (IV) FOR ANY MATTER BEYOND BOINGO’S REASONABLE CONTROL.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Personal Information
Information submitted to Boingo through forms on the Site or otherwise is governed by Boingo’s Privacy Policy, which is located at http://www.boingo.com/legal/boingo-privacy-policy/.
Acceptable Use
Your access to and use of the Site and/or any Boingo products or services are subject to the Boingo Acceptable Use Policy, which is available on the Site.
Links to Other Sites/Endorsements of Other Products
Boingo makes no representations about any other site that you may access through the Boingo Site, or any products mentioned on the Boingo Site that are not products of Boingo.
When you access a non-Boingo site, you are accessing an independent site over which Boingo has no control or responsibility, and you do so at your own risk.
The presence on the Site of links to non-Boingo sites does not mean that Boingo endorses or accepts responsibility for the content or use of such sites.
Products mentioned on the Site that are not directly manufactured or sold by Boingo are mentioned for informational purposes only, and such references do not imply an endorsement of the product or service by Boingo.
Access to Password-Protected or Secure Areas
Certain areas of the Site may be available only with a password.
Access to and use of areas of the Site that are password-protected and/or secure is restricted to authorized users only.
Unauthorized individuals attempting to access these areas of the Site may be subject to prosecution.
Product and Performance Information
Product and service performance is measured using specific computer and communication systems and components and reflects approximate performance of the tested products and services.
Any difference in hardware or software may affect actual performance, and customers should consult other sources of information to evaluate the performance of Boingo products and services.
Trademarks and Patents
The trademarks, service marks and logos used and displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks of Boingo and its suppliers and customers.
You are not granted, expressly or by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark, service mark or logo used or displayed on the Site, without the express written permission of Boingo.
Boingo’s technology and products, including products that may from time to time be available on the Site, are protected by one or more United States patents.
International patents and patents pending may also be applicable in their respective countries.
Export Laws
By accessing or using the materials on this Site, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any country to which the U.S.
has embargoed goods.
You agree that you will not export or “re-export” (transfer) materials from the Site or any product or service that contains such materials unless you have complied with all applicable United States and foreign government export controls and approvals.
For additional information with respect to the United States export controls, you may wish to visit the U.S.
Bureau of Industry and Security’s web site at: http://www.bis.doc.gov.
U.S.
Government Restricted Rights
All Boingo products, services and publications are commercial in nature.
To the fullest extent allowed by law, the software and documentation available by download on this Site are “Commercial Items,” as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R.
§2.101, consisting of “Commercial Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation,” as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R.
§12.212 or 48 C.F.R.
§227.7202, as applicable.
Consistent with 48 C.F.R.
§12.212 or 48 C.F.R.
§§227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software and Documentation are licensed to U.S.
Government end users (A) only as Commercial Items and (B) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to this Agreement.
Term and Termination
This Agreement is effective until terminated by Boingo.
Boingo may terminate this Agreement and your access to the Site with respect to you or any other third party without notice at any time for any reason.
Upon termination all rights granted in this Agreement will immediately cease to exist and you must promptly discontinue all use of the Site’s materials and destroy all copies of the materials downloaded by you from the Site.
In addition, in the event that we determine, in our sole discretion, that you have breached any of these terms of use, we reserve the right to terminate access to this Site and take any other action which we, in our sole discretion, deem to be appropriate.
You may terminate your use of the Services at any time.
All terms that by their nature should survive termination of this Agreement will survive.
Severability
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision will either be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary to render it enforceable, or else disregarded.
In either case, the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect.
Applicable Laws and Enforcement
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof.
Any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of this Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration in Los Angeles County, California, using the English language in accordance with the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc.
(“JAMS”) then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who shall be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS.
Judgment upon the award so rendered may be entered in a court having jurisdiction, or application may be made to such court for judicial acceptance of any award and an order of enforcement, as the case may be.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party shall have the right to institute an action in a court of proper jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable relief at any time.
For all purposes of this Agreement, the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the United States Federal Courts located in the Southern District of California.
Any part of this Agreement that is unlawful, void or unenforceable will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity or enforceability of remaining provisions.
Boingo may revise this Agreement from time to time by updating this posting.
You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current terms and conditions because they are binding upon you.
Copyright Infringement
Boingo is committed to complying with U.S.
copyright law and requires that you do the same.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, 17 U.S.C.
§ 512(c)(3) (“DMCA”) provides recourse for owners of copyrighted material who believe that their rights under U.S.
copyright law have been infringed on the Internet.
If you believe that any material contained on the Boingo Site infringes your copyright, you should notify Boingo of your copyright infringement claim in accordance with the following procedure.
Boingo will process all notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate action as required by the DMCA and other applicable intellectual property laws.
The DMCA requires that notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to Boingo’s designated agent: Legal Department Boingo Wireless®, Inc.
10960 Wilshire Blvd.
23rd Floor Los Angeles, CA 90024 email: legal@boingo.com To be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information (DMCA, 17 U.S.C.
§512(c)(3)): (i) Physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
(ii) Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed.
(iii) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled as well as information reasonably sufficient to permit Boingo to locate the material.
(iv) Contact information of the complaining party.
(v) A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agents, or the law.
(vi) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
In the event you are using the Services in connection with a device provided by Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) or a Boingo application obtained through the Apple App Store (collectively, such uses are henceforth the “Application”), the following shall apply:

Both you and Boingo acknowledge that this Agreement is concluded between you and Boingo only, and not with Apple, and that Apple is not responsible for the Application or the Content;
The Application is licensed to you on a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferrable, non-sublicensable basis, solely to be used in connection with the Service for your private, personal, non-commercial use, subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement as they are applicable to the Service;
You will only use the Application in connection with an Apple device that you own or control.

acknowledge and agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Application;
In the event of any failure of the Application to conform to any applicable warranty, including those implied by law, you may notify Apple of such failure.
upon notification, Apple’s sole warranty obligation to you will be to refund to you the purchase price, if any, of the Application;
You acknowledge and agree that Boingo, and not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party may have in relation to the Application;
You acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any third party claim that the Application or your possession and use of the Application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Boingo, and not Apple, will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such infringement claim;
You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and that you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties;
Both you and Boingo acknowledge and agree that, in your use of the Application, you will comply with any applicable third party terms of agreement which may affect or be affected by such use.
and
Both you and Boingo acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement, and that upon your acceptance of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against you as the third party beneficiary hereof.
 Acceptable Use Policy By viewing the Boingo Website and/or using the Software and/or Services, you agree to the following AUP:


Boingo does not exercise editorial control or review over the content of any website, electronic mail transmission, newsgroup or other material created or accessible over or through the Services.
However, Boingo may remove, block, filter or restrict by any other means any materials that, in Boingo’s sole discretion, may be illegal, may subject Boingo to liability or may violate this AUP.
Boingo may cooperate with legal authorities or third parties in the investigation of any suspected or alleged crime or civil wrong.
Violation of this AUP may result in the suspension or termination of either access to the Services and your Boingo account or other actions as detailed below.
When you use the Services, the third-party from whom Boingo has obtained the right to access the applicable hotspot at which the Services are being used is an intended third-party beneficiary of this AUP.
 You are responsible for all of your activity in connection with the Services.
Any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity may be grounds for termination of your right to access or use the Services.
You may not post or transmit, or cause to be posted or transmitted, any communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain password, account, or private information from any other user of the Services.
Use of the Services to violate the security of any computer network, crack passwords or security encryption codes, transfer or store illegal material (including material that may be considered threatening or obscene), or engage in any kind of illegal activity is expressly prohibited.
You will not run Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder, or “spam” on the Services, or any processes that run or are activated while you are not logged on to the Services, or that otherwise interfere with the proper working of or place an unreasonable load on the Services’ infrastructure.
Further, the use of manual or automated software, devices, or other processes to “crawl,” “scrape,” or “spider” any portion of the Services is strictly prohibited.
You will not decompile, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to obtain the source code of the Services.
You will be responsible for withholding, filing, and reporting all taxes, duties and other governmental assessments associated with your activity in connection with the Services.
 You understand and agree that Boingo shall have the sole right to decide whether you are in violation of any of the restrictions set forth in this Section, and shall have sole discretion regarding the course of action to take in connection therewith.

Without limiting the foregoing, except to the extent expressly set out in this Services Agreement or with our express written permission (in which case you must comply with any terms relating to such use that we specify), you agree not to use the Services, Software and/or Boingo Website:


to transmit any information or written, graphic or photographic material (“Material”) (by uploading, posting, email or otherwise) that is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, threatening, menacing, offensive, hateful or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
to harm, or threaten to harm, minors in any way;
to impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your identity or status or misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity.
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any material transmitted through the Services;
to transmit any Material (by uploading, posting, email or otherwise) in breach of this Services Agreement including any Materials that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
to transmit or download any Material (by uploading, posting, email or otherwise) that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property, privacy, publicity or other rights of any third party;
to transmit (by uploading, posting, email or otherwise) any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation;
to transmit any Material (by uploading, posting, email or otherwise) that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
to disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to “scroll” faster than other users of the Service are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users’ ability to engage in real time exchanges;
to interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service;
to hack into or otherwise gain unauthorized access to the Boingo Website or any other related computer system, make excessive traffic demands, forward chain letters, surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or otherwise engage in any other behavior that may reasonably be expected to inhibit other users from using and enjoying the Boingo Website or any other website or damage or destroy the reputation of Boingo or any third party;
to intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable law, regulation, judgment, court order, statue or mandatory requirement of any competent authority, including, but not limited to, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force of law;
to “stalk” or otherwise harass, threaten, or violate the rights of others, or collect, store, or process personal data about third parties without their knowledge or consent;
in any way we consider is an excessive use of the Services’ resource.
this includes, but is not limited to, the continued use of programs or commands which take a large amount of the Services’ resources, be that processor time, memory, and/or network bandwidth on the Services;
to resell or advertise to resell the Services without Boingo’s authorization.
or
use the Services as a replacement for residential or commercial Internet access (except for individual Boingo Broadband account holders) or for high volume data transfers, especially sustained high volume data transfers, hosting a web server, IRC server, or any other server, the determination of which, in each case, may be made by Boingo in its sole discretion;
customers are not permitted to schedule or program automated logins to the Services.
connections to a wireless network are not intended for secure communications.
You agree to transmit any secure communications at your own risk.




Boingo requests that anyone who believes that there is a violation of the AUP direct the information to the appropriate contacts set forth in this Services Agreement.
If available, please provide the following information: (i) the IP address used to commit the alleged violation.
(ii) the date and time of the alleged violation, including the time zone.
and (iii) evidence of the alleged violation.
When reporting an issue regarding unsolicited email please provide a copy of the email messages with full headers which typically provides all of the above data.
Other situations will require different methods of providing the necessary information.


Boingo may take any one or more of the following actions, or other actions not listed, at Boingo’s sole discretion in response to breaches of the AUP: (i) issue warnings, written or oral.
(ii) suspend your account or the Services (as applicable).
(iii) terminate your account or the Services (as applicable).
(iv) bill you for administrative costs and/or reactivation charges, with a minimum administrative cost.
or (v) bring legal action to prevent violations and/or to collect damages we are legally entitled to, if any, caused by violations.

 Privacy Policy
Boingo Wireless®, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Boingo Wireless, Inc.
and its subsidiaries (“Boingo,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) is concerned about the privacy and security of your information.
We want to make your experience with the Boingo® service as enjoyable and rewarding as possible, and also allow you to feel secure that your privacy interests are being respected.
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that we gather when you are accessing or using our website or Services.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.
By visiting or using the Website or Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.
Any capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meaning given to them in Boingo’s Terms of Use (which is hereby incorporated into this Privacy Policy).
If you reside in the European Union, you agree to our EU privacy policy which can be found here.



Collection of Information

Required Information
 Boingo collects certain information that is necessary to fully service your Boingo account.
As a customer, you will be asked to provide Information that is needed in order to create your Boingo account and fulfill our service commitment to you such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address and billing information.
Boingo may use this Information for editorial and feedback purposes, marketing and promotional purposes, for statistical analysis, product development and in connection with our partners, publishers, advertisers or connected sites.

Optional Information
 Like any business interested in attracting and offering the highest quality of service to customers, Boingo gathers voluntary demographic information about our customers.
These questions seek to gain insight on such things as how an individual became aware of our service, their gender, occupation and travel preferences and practices.
In addition, customer comments and inquiries are collected and stored for each customer that submits them.
This information is collected and stored with the customer’s individual Boingo account information.
Boingo occasionally conducts user surveys to better target our service offering to existing as well as new customers.
We sometimes share aggregated demographic information in these surveys with various business partners.
Participation in our customer surveys is voluntary.
Boingo may offer incentive programs to customers, visitors to the Boingo Web site (www.boingo.com), the general public and individuals identified through direct mail lists.
These offerings are promoted on the Web site, advertisements and press releases.
At a minimum, required information includes name and e-mail address.
in some cases, the customer must answer mandatory survey questions about other personal data or enter a program code.
The information gathered in the entry form is used to verify the entrant’s identity, to send the entrant an e-mail notification that their entry has been received, and to contact winners and/or prize recipients.
Because the rules and terms of each program can vary, all information about each program is clearly posted during the event.
All such programs are conducted in full accordance with United States federal and state laws.
Boingo has and may institute referral programs or similar programs, such as the “Tell a Friend” program.
Boingo’s “Tell a Friend” program allows customers to receive credit for each individual (a “Referral”) that, as a result of their recommendation, also becomes a customer.
For a customer to receive a free month of service under this program, (1) the Referral must become a subscriber to Boingo Unlimited and remain a subscriber of Boingo Unlimited for more than 31 days.
(2) the Referral cannot be an existing Boingo customer.
and (3) the Referral cannot have been previously submitted to the “Tell a Friend” program by another person.
Existing customers provide the e-mail address of the Referral, and Boingo may send an e-mail message to the Referral from the referring customer’s e-mail address informing them of the Boingo service.
When Boingo collects usage information (such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to the Website), we generally use this data in aggregate form.
For example, this aggregate data tells us how often users use parts of the Services, so that we can make the Services appealing to as many users as possible.
We may also provide this aggregate information to our partners.
our partners may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Services, so that they too, can provide you with an optimal experience.
As between you and Boingo, you own the information that you provide to Boingo under this Agreement, and may request its deletion at any time.
Additionally, you grant Boingo a nonexclusive, irrevocable worldwide, perpetual, assignable, sublicensable, fully paid up and royalty-free right to copy, prepare derivative works of, improve, distribute, publish, remove, retain, add, process, analyze, use and commercialize, in any way now known or in the future discovered, any information you provide, directly or indirectly to Boingo, including but not limited to, any user generated content, ideas, concepts, techniques and/or data that you submit to Boingo, without any further consent, notice and/or compensation to you or to any third parties.

Geographic Location Information
 When you use Boingo’s services on a mobile device (such as your laptop or a smart phone), Boingo may collect and/or track certain geographic location information that is derived from your usage of the Boingo service such as usage patterns, travel patterns, Web site page views, traffic patterns and information about your geographic location.
Boingo may use this tracking and location information for statistical or business-related purposes to improve our products, offerings and services and to manage our networks and systems more efficiently.

Cookies, Web Beacons and Media Access Controller Tracking
 To keep track of traffic on their servers, Web sites often store a small data file on your hard disk and/or device when you visit them.
This file is commonly referred to as a “cookie.” A cookie file can contain user specific information, such as User ID, or it can be used to maintain a connection with you during your visit (so that you can visit pages of a site without retyping the same information over and over).
Boingo uses cookies to track customer traffic patterns, to maintain a connection during your visit with us, to track your preferences, and to diagnose problems on our server and administer our site.
The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., your email address, that we may share with a data provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form.
Cookies enable you to enter all parts of the Boingo Web site, and are used to save your User ID on the login page (we encrypt the User ID for added security).
In addition, cookie files help us assist you with questions about site navigation, functionality or performance.
Partners also may use their own “cookies.” IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO HAVE WEB COOKIES PLACED ON YOUR COMPUTER, YOU SHOULD SET YOUR BROWSER TO REFUSE WEB COOKIES, WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT CERTAIN FEATURES OF THIS SITE MAY NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY WITHOUT THE AID OF WEB COOKIES.
IF YOU REFUSE WEB COOKIES, YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY RESULTING LOSS OF FUNCTIONALITY.
We do not control the use of our partners’ cookies or do not track policies and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected or tracked through them.
Web sites may contain an electronic file called a “web beacon” that allows a website to track users who have visited that page or to access certain cookies.
Boingo may use web beacons in the following ways:

Boingo may use web beacons within our Web sites in order to track customers signing up at one of our hotspot locations.
Boingo may use web beacons within our Web sites in order to fulfill sponsored access campaigns or other promotions.
Boingo may use web beacons to measure where customers leave the signup process in order to improve customer experience.
Boingo may use web beacons to track customers that come through our Web sites from advertisements or search engines.
Boingo may use web beacons to serve ads to customers after they leave our Web sites.
 Boingo also records the MAC (Media Access Controller) address, IDFA, ADID and device identifier numbers from the network card in or used with your computer or other device to enable Boingo to accurately perform our billing functions and in the ordinary course of business.

Information Collected from Other Websites and Do Not Track Policy
 Through cookies we place on your browser or device, we may collect information about your online activity after you leave our Services.
Just like any other usage information we collect, this information allows us to improve the Services and customize your online experience, and otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy.
Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and/or across different websites.
Our Services do not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online activity both while you are using the Services and after you leave our Services.

Use and Disclosure of Information
 Except as described in this privacy policy, Boingo will not divulge any of your personal information, contact, financial, bill history, or geographic location — to any other organization unless (1) you give Boingo explicit and specific, prior permission (for example, if you opt-in to a sponsorship offer from one of our partners), (2) the disclosure is related to national security reasons.
(3) the disclosure is required by law or by legal process authorized by a court of competent jurisdiction, (4) Boingo suspects fraud by a customer involving Boingo, in which case Boingo may investigate and report any evidence, including personal information, to law enforcement officials and to the courts in the course of seeking remedies at law and equity, and/or (5) you make an inquiry, request or complaint that requires follow-up and we share your information with others to satisfy your inquiry.
Subject to the terms of this privacy policy, we may disclose information to our employees, contractors, affiliates, distributors, dealers, vendors and suppliers who process information on our behalf, participate with us in the provision or operation of our site or provide you with services.
We may use your information in aggregate form, or in connection with our partners, publishers, advertisers or connected sites.
Boingo may choose to buy or sell assets or companies, or merge with or into other companies.
In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that would be transferred.
Also, if Boingo (or its assets) are acquired, or if Boingo goes out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
We may email you about products and services that we believe may be of interest to you.&nbsp.
If you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing materials from us, please follow the instructions at the bottom of each email for opting out.
Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes.
In instances where Boingo and a partner jointly promote the Boingo service, Boingo may provide that partner certain information, such as name and e-mail address, for the sole purpose of allowing Boingo and the partner to evaluate the promotion.
Boingo may contact customers or Web site visitors regarding account status and changes to this privacy policy and any other policies or agreements relevant to Web site visitors.
Boingo may use your information to disclose summary information to strategic and business partners.
This is obtained by combining data from many individuals with the name and other identifiers removed.
Boingo also may create aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns.
This information may be used to negotiate with service providers who complement the Boingo service or assist us in our efforts to expand our customer base.
We allow advertisers and/or merchant partners (“Advertisers”) to choose the demographic information of users who will see their advertisements and/or promotional offers and you agree that we may provide any of the information we have collected from you in non-personally identifiable form to an Advertiser, in order for that Advertiser to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements and/or offers.
For example, we might use the fact you are located in San Francisco to show you ads or offers for San Francisco businesses, but we will not tell such businesses who you are.
Advertisers may serve ads that appear on our sites or services, which may contain a feature allowing you to input your email address.
If you choose to input your email address in connection with these ads, you understand that we will transmit your email address to the applicable third party advertiser.
this Privacy Policy does not apply to such advertisers’ collection and use practices, so please review their privacy policies before providing your email address in this manner.

Correcting and Updating Your Information 
 As a Boingo customer, you are in full control of the information that we maintain to service you.
You can change your information at any time and as often as necessary via our self-care application which can be accessed at:&nbsp.
https://my.boingo.com.
You can also request that the data be changed or deleted (requests for deletion of certain information may require closing the account) by calling the following numbers: From North America: 1-800-880-4117 From the UK: Local 0-203-450-6554 Free Phone (charges by mobile provider will vary) 0-800-032-6793 US-based carriers +1-800-880-4117 From Japan: Softbank Telecom 0061-010-800-8804-1170 KDD 001-010-800-8804-1170 NTT 0033-010-800-8804-1170 US-based carriers +1-800-8804-1170 From India: +1-1310-405-8806 From outside of North America, UK, Japan and India: 00-800-2646-4646 Information about a customer may be withheld or exempted from deletion if this is required by law, is part of a fraud investigation or is required for accounting and audit purposes.
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties.
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to: legal@boingo.com.

Opt-out Policy 
 If you have provided us with a means of contacting you, we may use such means to communicate with you.
For example, we may send you promotional offers on behalf of other businesses, or communicate with you about your use of the Services.
Boingo automatically opts customers in to providing Boingo with information, as well as a separate opportunity to opt-in to certain location-tracking services, or receiving communications from us and our partners.
At any time, customers can contact Boingo to opt-out of any of our promotions, programs, location-tracking services or contests via the following link: https://c01.client.boingo.com/unsubscribe/unsubscribe.app.
Alternatively, customers can opt not to provide certain information when enrolling for the Boingo service or when participating in some programs and surveys, although choosing not to provide certain information may hinder our ability to complete your registration process.
Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes.

Commitment to the Privacy of Your Family
 We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13.
If we determine that we have collected personally identifiable information on children, we will promptly delete it from our system.
We recommend that children who are 13-17 years old receive permission from a parent before gaining access to the Boingo service or sending information to Boingo or anyone else online.
If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to us or on the Services.
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at legal@boingo.com.

Security Measures
 Your account information is protected by a unique User Identification and password that is issued to you.
Your User Identification and password should be kept confidential because it is the key to accessing the information held by Boingo about you.
If your computer or other device is accessible to or by others, please log out of the Boingo site before you leave it.
Security is also provided through your web browser, which supports 40, 56 or a 128-bit version of encryption with the SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) security protocol.
Boingo has instituted internal safeguards to reduce the likelihood of accidental disclosures and unintended access of your information (although it is impossible to eliminate this possibility completely).
In general, all employees, contractors and other companies engaged by Boingo are contractually required, through signed, internal non-disclosure agreements, to keep your Personal Information confidential and not to use it in any way other than what is necessary to perform their work for Boingo.
Violations of these policies can result in termination in the case of employees, the severing of contractual obligations in the case of contractors and other companies, and in civil and criminal penalties if warranted and applicable by law.
While Boingo uses reasonable measures to protect the security of your information, no security measures are foolproof, and Boingo does not guarantee that your information will remain confidential.
The Services may contain links to other sites.
We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites.
When following a link to another site you should read that site’s privacy policy.

Security of Third Party Networks
 Because of the global nature of our services, there are some places where you cannot access the Boingo Wi-Fi Network.
In these places, you may (1) manually search for available third party networks and, if required to do so, assent to Terms of Service or other click-through agreements.
or (2) connect to other people’s Wi-Fi networks automatically by using the Boingo Wi-Finder tool if you opt-in to use this feature.
Please see our FAQs for more information about these options: &nbsp.
http://www.boingo.com/faq/wifinder.
Third parties are under no obligation to comply with this privacy policy with respect to information that you provide directly to those third parties or that those third parties collect for themselves.
We do not control the third-party sites that may be accessible through this Site or Boingo’s services.
Thus, this privacy policy does not apply to information provided to third-party sites or gathered by the third parties that operate them.
Before visiting a third-party site, whether by means of Boingo Wi-Finder, manually searching for an available third party network or otherwise, and before providing any information to any third party, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party, and should take those steps necessary to your discretion, to protect your privacy.

Affiliated Businesses and Third Party Websites
 In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through the Services (either alone or jointly with us).
You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your Personal Information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service.
One such service may include the ability for you to automatically transmit Third Party Account Information to your Services profile or to automatically transmit information in your Services profile to your third party account.
We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business, please review all such business’ or websites’ policies.

For Skype Credit Users
 You hereby consent to the disclosure by Skype to Boingo of information concerning yourself, including your Skype ID and details of the sessions initiated on Boingo’s hotspots.
You understand that such disclosure may entail the transfer of personal data outside of the European Union or assimilated countries.
You acknowledge and agree that your usage of Boingo’s hotspots shall constitute consent to such disclosure and transfer.

3rd Party Advertising
 Through the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) and Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of and greater control over ads that are customized based on their online behavior across different websites.
To make choices about interest-based ads from participating third parties, please visit the DAA’s or NAI’s consumer opt out pages, which are located at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ or www.aboutads.info/choices.

Privacy Policy Changes
 Boingo reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to revise, amend, or modify this privacy policy at any time, and in any manner without notice.
You shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications.
Your use of the Services following such notification constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this privacy policy as modified.

Additional Information
 This privacy policy is effective as of April 11, 2014.
Boingo reserves the right to change this policy at any time.
By using the Boingo service, you are acknowledging and accepting all terms and conditions outlined in this Boingo Wireless, Inc.
privacy policy.
If you have any questions regarding this policy statement, please e-mail us at info@boingo.com.
This privacy and security pledge is part of our contract with you.
Thank you for choosing Boingo Wireless, Inc.
