 Bumble Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Bumble Privacy Policy ("Policy")! This explains how we collect, store, protect, and share your information, and with whom we share it.
We suggest you read this in conjunction with our brilliant Terms and Conditions of Use.
Whilst you're enjoying the Bumble mobile application ("App"), we collect some information about you.
In addition, you may choose to use the App to share information with other Bumblers, including your friends and contacts ("Users").
We may also need to share your information sometimes.

By downloading and installing our App, you agree that we can collect, transfer, store, disclose and use your information as described in this Policy.
Bumble is a global app, and your information will be sent to and used in the United States regardless of the country you reside in, and by downloading our App you consent to such transfer.
So please read very carefully!
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, please feel free to contact us at feedback@team.bumble.com.1.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION.
Registration Information
When you download the App and create an account ("Account"), we may collect certain information ("Registration Information") about you, such as:

Name;
Username;
Email address;
Mobile number;
Gender identity;
Date of birth;
Sexual preference;
Photographs;
Location.
and
Login information and friend lists for social media accounts that you connect to your Bumble Account (this could include, for example, your Facebook and Instagram accounts ("Social Media Accounts").

You will also be required to create a password in connection with the registration of your Account.
Once you register, you will be able to review and change this information at any time by accessing your “Profile” page! You control your user profile and are able to correct or update (other than your email address, mobile number, date of birth, gender and location (which is automatically updated)) your information at any time by just logging in to Bumble.

The information we collect helps to enhance the App and verify our Users (Robots are not welcome!!).
Registration Information such as your name and username may be visible to the public on your profile page.
Additional Information
We may ask you to provide your full name, address and email address.
You agree that such details may be shared with third parties for purposes relating to, for example, any of our loyalty programs, sending gifts or delivery of merchandise.
We may also collect additional information in connection with your use of Bumble, for example if you use our super cool electronic messaging function.
If you contact our Customer Support team, we will receive your email address, and may track your IP address as well as the information you send to us to help resolve your query.
We will keep records of our communications with you, including any complaints that we receive from you about other Users (and from other Users about you).
We recommend and encourage you (and all our members) to think carefully about the information you disclose about yourself.
We also do not recommend that you put email addresses, URLs, instant messaging details, phone numbers, full names or addresses, credit card details, national identity numbers, drivers' licence details and other sensitive information on your profile which is open to abuse and misuse.
Please be careful about posting sensitive details about yourself on your profile such as your religious denomination and health details.
While you may voluntarily provide this information to us when you create your profile, including your sexual preferences, there is no requirement to do so.
Please remember that photographs that you post on Bumble may reveal information about yourself as well.
Where you do upload and choose to tell us sensitive information about yourself, you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your information and making this public to other users.
When you post information about yourself or use the messaging function, the amount of personal information you share is at your own risk.
Please see Section 4 below for more information on who can access what you post on Bumble.
If you post anything that is inconsistent with our Terms and Conditions of Use, we reserve the right to terminate your Account - we really don't want to have to do this so please play by the rules!
For safety and security and to ensure you have the best possible user experience, we require users to verify their accounts and might ask for your phone number.
We want to make sure you are not a robot! And we also want to avoid fake Bumble accounts being created which can be used for malicious activities and cybercrime – they threaten the Bumble network and spoil things for everyone.
We use a third party provider for account verification who will keep your phone number for up to 90 days for fraud identification purposes across a range of online platforms and services like Bumble’s.
We collect and use your phone number on the basis of our legitimate interests identified above and for the prevention of fraud.
If you decide to purchase any of our premium services, we will process your payment information and retain this securely for the prevention of fraud and for audit/tax purposes.
Under data protection law, it is necessary for us to collect and process this payment data to enable us to perform our contract with you and our ongoing retention of this data is justified by our legitimate interests set out above.
Finally, we want to keep in touch with you to make sure you know about the great promotions and offers we have available.
If you’ve told us it’s OK, we will use your email address and phone number to send you information on these.
You can withdraw this consent at any time via Settings in the app.Data Storage
By using the App, you agree and acknowledge that Bumble is a global app operating through servers located in a number of countries around the world, including the United States.
If you live in a country with data protection laws, the storage of your personal data may not provide you with the same protections as you enjoy in your country of residence.
By submitting your personal information, or by choosing to upgrade the services you use, or by making use of the applications available on Bumble, you agree to the transfer of your personal information to, and storage and processing of your personal information in, any such countries and destinations.Geolocation Information
If you turn these features on, when you use your mobile, we will collect information about WiFi access points as well as other location information about your longitude and latitude and may save your device's coordinates to offer certain features to you.
This information helps us identify your physical location and we may use it to personalize the App and make it easier for you to interact with other Users, by enabling the information to be displayed and shared with other members choosing to view “nearby” posts.
If you have enabled location services, but wish to turn it off, you can do so by the following methods:

iPhone app — settings, privacy, location services, Bumble
Android — profile, privacy, off
Log and Usage Data
Our servers automatically record information ("Log and Usage Data") created by your use of the Service, which again helps us to improve our service.
Log and Usage Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type, the referring domain, pages visited, access times, your mobile carrier, and search terms.
Other actions, such as interactions with Bumble and advertisements, may also be included in Log and Usage Data.
Where you request that your profile is deleted via the app, it is immediately made unavailable and fully deleted within 30 days.
Correspondence with our Customer Support team will be retained for longer to allow us to deal with any subsequent queries you may have but will usually be deleted within 6 years if there are no queries.
Anonymised information about activity on Bumble is retained for longer for statistical and product research purposes but this is not attributable to an individual once the profile has been deleted.
Information such as payment information, IP addresses, mobile numbers and email addresses are retained for anti-fraud and anti-spam purposes for as long as they are relevant.
This is usually determined by the expiry of the payment method.Device Information
We may collect information about your device when you use the App including the unique device identifier, device model, operating system, and MAC address.
In addition, if you permit us to do so, the App may access your device's address book solely in order to add someone to your contacts.Links
We may keep track of how you interact with links available on Bumble including third party services and clients by redirecting clicks or through other means.
We may share aggregate click statistics such as how many times a particular link was clicked on.
Cookies
Unlike the chocolate chip kind, these cookies have no calories! They are small data files that are transferred to your computer's hard disk and are basically a tool that stores information about website visits, recognises you and your preferences each time you visit Bumble, and ensures site functionality and enables us to provide the services our members request.
The cookies we collect enable us to learn how people interact with Bumble, which in turn helps us make a better product for you! Cookies store information about your website visits and can recognise you and your preferences each time you visit the Bumble site.
They help us to provide a better service to you! 
Bumble’s use of cookies and local storage devices is basically related to the performance of Bumble’s site, such as analytics that help us determine how our site is performing and ensuring a smooth and trouble free experience for our members and visitors.
Below is a table to explain Bumble’s cookie functions and why they’re used.
If for any reason you decide that you do not want all of your Bumble activities to be stored you may set your browser and mobile settings to block cookies and local storage devices, but please remember that if you do so, you may not be able to access all of the features Bumble offers! 
We use the following types of cookies:
Cookie Functions
Cookie Purposes Analytics and research
We use Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use the site.
The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the App, where visitors have come from and the pages they visited.
For more information about Google's Privacy Policy, please visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/.
Performance
We need to use certain cookies and save data to your local storage devices to ensure our members have the best possible experience.
They assist with your navigation of our site, ensuring pages load quickly and respond promptly to your requests – no one likes snail pace technology! Our use of cookies and local storage devices, including the specific cookie names, may change over time, but will generally fall into the above categories.
We will notify you of any important changes to our use of cookies and local storage devices.
Please visit this page regularly so that you are aware of any changes.
If you would like to know more about these clever and calorie free cookies, including flash cookies/local storage devices, the following websites provide useful information:


www.allaboutcookies.org
www.youronlinechoices.eu
http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html


2.
USE OF INFORMATION.
Our main goal is to ensure your experience on Bumble is an enjoyable one and you don't end up getting stung! In order to deliver an enjoyable experience to you, we may use your Registration and other information to:

offer you our services and features;
contact you with information about the App (e.g., updates and new offerings);
personalize the App and the content we deliver to you;
conduct research and analytics about how you use and interact with the App.

resolve disputes between you and other Users.
and
investigate fraud, protect our legal rights, and to enforce our Terms &amp.
Conditions.
3.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION.
Our policy is to not disclose your Registration Information, except in the limited circumstances described here:

Your Consent – If you consent, we may share or disclose your Registration Information, such as when you use a third party web client or application to access your Account.

Service Providers - We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us.
We may share your Registration Information with these third parties, but only for the purposes of performing these functions and providing such services e.g.
information technology companies (hardware and software) which provide services to support our products.

Moderators – To monitor activity on the apps and approve content.

Payment Processing and Telecommunications Companies – To facilitate payments for our premium services.

Law and Harm - As we mentioned in the Terms &amp.
Conditions, we think it is very important that all Bumblers behave whilst using the App.
We will cooperate with all third parties to enforce their intellectual property or other rights.
We will also cooperate with law enforcement enquiries from within or outside your country of residence where we are required to by law or to protect the
vital interests of a person.
This may include preserving or disclosing any of your information, including your Registration Information, if we believe in good faith that it is necessary to comply with a law or regulation, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal request.
to protect the safety of any person.
to address fraud, security or technical issues e.g.
through anti-spam providers to protect the service from criminal activity or to protect our rights or property or those of third parties.
In such cases we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.

Business Transfers -In the event that Bumble or any of our affiliates undergoes a business transition or change of ownership, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, re-organisation, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, or in the event of insolvency or administration, we may be required to disclose your personal data.

Aggregated Information – We may share aggregated information with third parties that includes your personal data (but which doesn’t identify you directly) together with other information including log data for industry analysis and demographic profiling.
You may opt-out of receiving marketing messages by using the opt-out mechanisms and links provided in each email.
We ensure these parties must adhere to strict data protection and confidentiality provisions that are consistent with this Policy.
Measures are taken to ensure that the data shared is non-attributable to the greatest extent possible.4.
WHAT OTHERS MAY SEE ABOUT YOU.
We think our Bumblers are awesome, and we want you to share how awesome you are with the world, so we have built certain features to enable this.
Our App is designed to make it easier for you to connect with other Users and to interact with them.
If you register or login to the App using your Facebook account, you are authorizing us to access certain Facebook account information, including information you make available via Facebook, your friends list, current location and those friends you have in common with other Bumblers.
You also understand that your Bumble profile and other information you make available via the App, including information you provide directly or indirectly through Facebook (i.e., your Facebook photos, your name, age, approximate location, friends you have in common with other Bumblers and other profile information), may be viewed and shared by Bumblers with individuals who may or may not be Users or via third party applications in such Bumblers’ discretion.
For example, a User may recommend you as a match to his or her Facebook friends by sharing your picture, regardless of whether such friend(s) is also a User of the App.
You might share information like the photos and messages you send or upload and any metadata provided with those messages, along with any comments or information you provide in connection with your photos.
When using Bumble, you should assume that anything you post or submit on the App may be publicly-viewable and accessible, both by Users of the App and non-Users of the App.
We want our Bumblers to be careful about posting information that will eventually be made public.5.
MODIFYING YOUR REGISTRATION INFORMATION.
You may access or modify the Registration Information you provided at anytime or permanently delete your Account (although we really hope you don't!) 
When your Account is deactivated, we take reasonable efforts to make sure it is no longer viewable on the App.
For up to 30 days it is still possible to restore your Account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
After 30 days, we begin the process of deleting your Account from our systems.
We are not responsible for any information, pictures, comments, or other content that is deleted from our systems resulting from the deactivation of your Account.
To prevent abuse and/or misuse of Bumble by a User following termination or deletion of a profile/Account we shall retain such information as we deem in our sole discretion may be necessary to ensure that User does not open a new Account and profile in breach of our Terms and Conditions of Use and to ensure compliance with all laws and regulations.

Warning: Even after you remove information from your profile or delete your Account, copies of that information may still be viewable and/or accessed to the extent such information has been previously shared with others, or copied or stored by other Users or to the extent such information has been shared with search engines.
We cannot control this, nor do we accept any liability for this.
If you have given third party applications or websites access to your personal information they may retain such information to the extent permitted under their terms of service or privacy policies.
Removed and deleted information may persist in backup copies for up to 30 days to enable restoration, but will not be available to others in the meantime.6.
OUR POLICY TOWARDS AGE.
Although we want as many people as possible to enjoy our creation, you have to be at least 18 years old to use the App - sorry kids, we know Bumble is cool, but you'll have to come back when you're old enough! 
Bumble does not knowingly collect any information about or market to children, minors or anyone under the age of 18.
If you are less than 18 years old, we request that you do not submit information to us.
If we become aware that a child, minor or anyone under the age of 18 has registered with us and provided us with personal information, we will take steps to terminate that person's registration and delete their Registration Information from Bumble.
If we do delete a profile because you violated our no children rules, we may retain your email and IP address to ensure that you do not try to get around our rules by creating a new profile.7.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY.
As Bumble evolves, we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time.
The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at bumble.com/privacy/.
If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you, for example, via an email to the email associated with your Account or by posting a notice within Bumble.
By continuing to access or use the App after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.8.
SECURITY.
Here at Bumble we pride ourselves on taking commercially reasonable security measures to help protect your information against loss, misuse and unauthorized access, or disclosure.
We use reasonable security measures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information such as secured servers using firewalls.

Unfortunately no website or Internet transmission is ever completely 100% secure and even we cannot guarantee that unauthorised access, hacking, data loss or other breaches will never occur, but here are some handy tips to help keep your data secure:

Please make sure you log out of your Account after use as you never know who may stumble onto your Account!
Please don't share your social media password with anyone else! 
Change your social media password periodically.

If you ever think someone has had access to your social media password, please report it to the relevant social media platform and change your password immediately.
We cannot guarantee the security of your personal data while it is being transmitted to our site and any transmission is at your own risk.

WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY BREACHES OF SECURITY, DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE, OR ANY LOSS OR UNAUTHORIZED USE OF YOUR REGISTRATION INFORMATION OR OTHER DATA.
9.
THIRD PARTY ACCOUNTS.
If you have registered with Bumble using a third party social media platform, such as Facebook, your Bumble profile will be available to all Users of Bumble whether via our App or our partners' websites.
Remember that when you register with a third party, you are also giving them personal information, so we recommend that you read their privacy policies as Bumble does not control how they use their information.
If you have registered on one of these third party websites, such as Facebook, or you have verified your Account via a third party website, we may connect your Bumble profile with your profile on such website.
We may do this by way of new products and applications which we introduce from time to time, including new products powered by our group companies.
If you have created a Bumble profile through a third party website and you do not want to link your Bumble profile to your profile on the third party website, Bumble cannot amend these settings.
Please visit the application settings on your third party website profile and follow the instructions to remove the Bumble access permissions.
We only use the APIs, OAuth Tokens, Widgets, or other means provided by the applicable Social Media Account to integrate your Social Media Account with our App.
As such, we only receive the limited information that each Social Media Account permits to be transferred.10.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.
California's "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
If you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83, you can write to us at feedback@team.bumble.com.
From time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes.
This may be information we received from you offline and online.
If you want us to stop further sharing your email contact information with third parties (if we have your email contact information), you may notify us at feedback@team.bumble.com.
Please follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages.
If you have opted-out as described above, and thereafter you chose to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party, then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service.

In addition, under California law, operators of online services are required to disclose how they respond to "do not track" signals or other similar mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information of a consumer over time and across third party online services, to the extent the operator engages in that collection.
At this time, we do not track our Users' personal information over time and across third-party online services.
This law also requires operators of online services to disclose whether third parties may collect personal information about their users' online activities over time and across different online services when the users use the operator's service.
We do not knowingly permit third parties to collect personal information about an individual User's online activities over time and across different online services when using the App.11.
YOUR UK AND EU RIGHTS.
Under UK and EU law, UK and EU users have the right to lodge a complaint with data protection regulators, and the Information Commissioners’ Office (ICO) is the UK’s lead regulator.
You can find out how to raise a concern with the ICO by visiting their website at www.ico.org.uk.
If you’re within the EU, you may also get in touch with your local Data Protection Regulator who may liaise with the ICO on your behalf.
You have a number of rights under European Data Protection law if you are an EU citizen.

Right to be informed: what personal data an organisation is processing and why (this notice).
Right of access: you can request a copy of your data.
Right of rectification: if the data held is inaccurate, you have the right to have it corrected.
Right to erasure: you have the right to have your data deleted in certain circumstances.
Right to restrict processing: in limited circumstances, you have the right to request that processing is stopped but the data retained.
Right to data portability: you can request a copy of your data in a machine-readable form that can be transferred to another provider.
Right to object: in certain circumstances (including where data is processed on he basis of legitimate interests or for the purposes of marketing) you may object to that processing.
Rights related to automated decision making including profiling: there are several rights in this area where processing carried out on a solely automated basis results in a decision which has legal or significant effects for the individual.
In these circumstances your rights include the right to ensure that there is human intervention in the decision-making process.

Bumble has designated a Data Protection Officer and they can be reached by emailing DPO@team.bumble.com or by post at the following address:
The Broadgate Tower Third Floor, 20 Primrose Street, London, United Kingdom, EC2A 2RS.
If you want to exercise any of your rights listed above please visit Feedback Page or email us at DPO@team.bumble.com.
How does Bumble protect my personal data?
Bumble has implemented appropriate security measures to protect and prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control, including your personal data.
Our technical experts at Bumble work hard to ensure your secure use of our site.
While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our website, member database and records no website or Internet transmission is completely secure and we cannot guarantee that unauthorised access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur.
We urge you to take steps to keep your personal data safe (including your password) and to log out of your account after use.
If you lose your password or give it out, or another service provider that you use suffers a data breach and you have used the same credentials with that service provider as you have with Bumble, your personal data may be compromised.
If that happens, please report it to Support via Feedback Page.
Where is my personal data kept?
We want you to be able to access Bumble wherever you happen to be in the world.
To enable us to provide that service, we operate a global network of servers including in the US, Hong Kong, Czech Republic and Russia.
The hardware is located in third-party data centres but is owned by the Bumble group.
Data collected by advertising partners may also be held outside the European Economic Area.
We ensure that the data is adequately protected by ensuring that valid, legal mechanisms are in place such as: EU approved model clauses (which can be found here), US privacy shield certification (more information can be found here).
and implementing robust contractual standards.
If you want more information relating to the nature of the safeguards we have in place, please email DPO@team.bumble.com.
Does Bumble collect any other personal data about me?
If you contact our Customer Support team via Feedback Page, we will receive your email address, and may track your IP address, as well as the information you send to us to help resolve your query.
We will keep records of our communications with you, including any complaints that we receive from you about other users (and from other users about you) for 6 years after deletion of your account.
Does Bumble use my personal data for any other purpose?
We may use material that you post on the open access areas of Bumble in advertising and promotional materials on our partner sites and partner products.
We believe these uses are in line with our legitimate interests in enabling us to improve our site and better tailor your online experience to meet your needs.
We use your personal data to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use.12.
ABOUT US.
Your access to the App, as well as this Privacy Policy are governed and interpreted by the laws of the State of New York, other than such laws, rules, regulations and case law that would result in the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than the State of New York.
By using the App, you are consenting to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the United States and the State of New York.
You agree that such courts shall have in personam jurisdiction and venue and waive any objection based on inconvenient forum.
You agree that you will not file or participate in a class action against us.
In the event there is a discrepancy between this English language version and any translated copies of the Policy, the English version shall prevail.
Bumble Trading Inc is registered in the United States under company number 5600774.
Our registered address is 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware, 19801.
Thanks for reading, we hope we didn't drone on for too long!Effective date
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 24 May 2018.   Bumble Terms and Conditions of Use
Hey guys! Welcome to Bumble's Terms and Conditions of Use (these "Terms").
Our lawyers insist that we impose rules on users to protect all of our hard work.
This is a contract between you and Bumble Trading Inc and we want you to know yours and our rights before you use the Bumble application ("App").
Please take a few moments to read these Terms before enjoying the App, because once you access, view or use the App, you are going to be legally bound by these Terms (so probably best to read them first!).
1.
BUMBLE RULES
Before you can use our awesome App, you will need to register for an account ("Account").
In order to create an Account you must:

be at least 18 years old.
and
be legally permitted to use the App by the laws of your home country.

You can create an Account via manual registration, or by using your Facebook login details.
If you create an Account using your Facebook login details, you authorize us to access, display and use certain information from your Facebook account (e.g.
profile pictures, relationship status, location and information about Facebook friends).
For more information about what information we use and how we use it, please check out our Privacy Policy.
Unfortunately, we cannot allow you to use another person's Account without permission - that just wouldn't be fair! 
You'll have great fun on Bumble, but if you feel the need to leave, you can delete your Account at any time by going to the 'Settings' page when you are logged in and clicking on the 'Delete account' link.
Your Account will be deleted immediately but it may take a little while for Your Content to be completely removed from the App.
We will save your profile information in case you realise you miss us and you decide to restore your Account (which you can do within 30 days of de-activating your Account).
Bumble Trading Inc reserve the right at our sole discretion to terminate or suspend any Account, or make use of any operational, technological, legal or other means available to enforce the Terms (including without limitation blocking specific IP addresses), at any time without liability and without the need to give you prior notice.
You may not access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the App or our systems.
Certain portions of the App may not be accessible if you have not registered for an Account.2.
TYPES OF CONTENT
There are three types of content that you will be able to access on the App:

content that you upload and provide ("Your Content");
content that members provide ("Member Content").
and
content that Bumble Trading Inc provide ("Our Content").


There is certain content we can't allow on Bumble

We want our users to be able express themselves as much as possible and post all sorts of things on Bumble, but we have to impose restrictions on certain content which:

contains language or imagery which could be deemed offensive or is likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person;
is obscene, pornographic, violent or otherwise may offend human dignity;
is abusive, insulting or threatening, discriminatory or which promotes or encourages racism, sexism, hatred or bigotry;
encourages any illegal activity including, without limitation, terrorism, inciting racial hatred or the submission of which in itself constitutes committing a criminal offence;
is defamatory or libellous;
relates to commercial activities (including, without limitation, sales, competitions and advertising, links to other websites or premium line telephone numbers);
involves the transmission of "junk" mail or "spam";
contains any spy ware, adware, viruses, corrupt files, worm programmes or other malicious code designed to interrupt, damage or limit the functionality of or disrupt any software, hardware, telecommunications, networks, servers or other equipment, Trojan horse or any other material designed to damage, interfere with, wrongly intercept or expropriate any data or personal information whether from Bumble or otherwise;
itself, or the posting of which, infringes any third party's rights (including, without limitation, intellectual property rights and privacy rights);
shows another person which was created or distributed without that person’s consent.

Bumble operates a zero-tolerance policy for this kind of content.
Your Content
As Your Content is unique, you are responsible and liable for Your Content and will indemnify, defend, release, and hold us harmless from any claims made in connection with Your Content.
Sorry that was a bit of a mouthful, but you are what you post! 
You may not display any personal contact or banking information on your individual profile page whether in relation to you or any other person (for example, names, home addresses or postcodes, telephone numbers, email addresses, URLs, credit/debit card or other banking details).
If you do choose to reveal any personal information about yourself to other users, whether via email or otherwise, it is at your own risk.
We encourage you to use the same caution in disclosing details about yourself to third parties online as you would under any other circumstances.
As Bumble is a public community, Your Content will be visible to other users of the App all around the world instantly - so make sure you are comfortable sharing Your Content before you post.
As such, you agree that Your Content may be viewed by other users and any person visiting, participating in or who is sent a link to the App (e.g.
individuals who receive a link to a user’s profile or shared content from other Bumble Users).
By uploading Your Content on Bumble, you represent and warrant to us that you have all necessary rights and licences to do so, and automatically grant us a non-exclusive, royalty free, perpetual, worldwide licence to use Your Content in any way (including, without limitation, editing, copying, modifying, adapting, translating, reformatting, creative derivative works from, incorporating into other works, advertising, distributing and otherwise making available to the general publish such Content, whether in whole or in part and in any format or medium currently known or developed in the future).
We may assign and/or sub-licence the above licence to our affiliates and successors without any further approval by you.

We have the right to remove, edit, limit or block access to any of Your Content at any time, and we have no obligation to display or review Your Content.Member Content
Other members of Bumble will also share content via the App.
Member Content belongs to the user who posted the content and is stored on our servers and displayed via the App at the direction of the user providing the Member Content.

You do not have any rights in relation to other users' Member Content, and you may only use other Bumble users' personal information to the extent that your use of it matches Bumble's purpose of allowing people to meet one another.
You may not use other users' information for commercial purposes, to spam, to harass, or to make unlawful threats.
We reserve the right to terminate your Account if you misuse other users' information.
Member Content is subject to the terms and conditions of Sections 512(c) and/or 512(d) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act 1998.
If you have a complaint about Member Content, please see the Digital Millennium Copyright Act section below for more information.Our Content
You may be wondering what happens to the rest of the Content on Bumble.
Well, it belongs to us! Any other text, content, graphics, user interfaces, trademarks, logos, sounds, artwork, and other intellectual property appearing on Bumble are owned, controlled or licensed by us and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property law rights.
All right, title and interest in and to Our Content remains with us at all times.

We grant you a non-exclusive, limited, personal, non-transferable, revocable, license to access and use Our Content, without the right to sublicense, under the following conditions:

you shall not use, sell, modify, or distribute Our Content except as permitted by the functionality of the App;
you shall not use our name in metatags, keywords and/or hidden text;
you shall not create derivative works from Our Content or commercially exploit Our Content, in whole or in part, in any way.
and
you shall use Our Content for lawful purposes only.


We reserve all other rights.3.
RESTRICTIONS ON THE APP
You agree to:

comply with all applicable laws, including without limitation, privacy laws, intellectual property laws, anti-spam laws, equal opportunity laws and regulatory requirements;
use your real name on your profile;
use the services in a professional manner.

You agree that you will not:

act in an unlawful or unprofessional manner including being dishonest, abusive or discriminatory;
misrepresent your identity, your current or previous positions, qualifications or affiliations with a person or entity;
disclose information that you do not have the consent to disclose;
create or operate a pyramid scheme, fraud or other similar practice.

We don't like users misbehaving in the Bumble community – users should not do bad things to other users.
Therefore, you can report any abuse or complain about Member Content by contacting us, outlining the abuse and/or complaint.
You can also report a user directly from a profile or in chat by clicking the 'Block &amp.
Report' link.
Also, we don't appreciate users doing bad things to Bumble - we've worked hard on our creation, so scraping or replicating any part of the App without our prior consent is expressly prohibited.
This includes by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces - unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with us.
4.
PRIVACY For information about how Bumble Trading Inc collects, uses, and shares your personal data, please check out our Privacy Policy – this is important stuff, and makes for great bedtime reading! By using Bumble, you agree that we can use such data in accordance with our Privacy Policy.5.
THIRD PARTY STORES.
PREMIUM SERVICES.
IN-APP PURCHASES The App may be dependent on and/or interoperate with third-party owned and/or operated platforms and services, e.g., Apple (iTunes, etc.), Google, Facebook, Twitter, etc.
(each, a “Third Party Platform”) and may require that you be a registered member of such Third Party Platforms and provide certain account credentials and other information in order to access the App.
By using the App, you agree to comply with any applicable terms, conditions or requirements promulgated by any provider of a Third Party Platform (e.g., Facebook’s Terms of Use, iTunes Store Terms of Use, etc.).
We may make certain products and/or services available to users of the App in consideration of a subscription fee or other fees (“Premium Services”), including the ability to purchase products, services and enhancements, such as the ability to extend your matches (“In-App Products”).
If you choose to use Premium Services or make In-App Products, you acknowledge and agree that additional terms may apply to your use of, access to and purchase of such Premium Services and In-App Products, and such additional terms are incorporated herein by reference.
You may purchase Premium Services and In-App Products through the following payment methods (each, a “Premium Payment Method”): (a) making a purchase through the Apple App Store ®, Google Play or other mobile or web application platforms or storefronts authorized by us (each, a “Third Party Store”), (b) paying with your credit card, debit card, or PayPal account, which will be processed by a third party processor, or (c) adding charges to your mobile carrier bill and remitting payment directly to your carrier.
Once you have requested a Premium Service or In-App Product, you authorize us to charge your chosen Premium Payment Method and your payment is non-refundable.
If payment is not received by us from your chosen Premium Payment Method, you agree to promptly pay all amounts due upon demand by us.
If you want to cancel or change your Premium Payment Method at any time, you can do so either via the payment settings option under your profile or by contacting your mobile service provider.
If your chosen Premium Payment Method is via your mobile service provider, then please check with them about their payment terms, as their payment terms will govern how payments to Bumble Trading Inc are made as well as how such payments may be changed or cancelled.
Your subscription to Bumble Trading Inc’s Premium Services will automatically renew until you decide to cancel in accordance with such terms, except in the case of BumbleCoins where there shall be no automatic renewal.
In the event of a conflict between a Third Party Store’s terms and conditions and these Terms, the terms and conditions of the Third Party Store or service provider shall govern and control.
We are not responsible and have no liability whatsoever for goods or services you obtain through the Third Party Store, our third party service providers or other web sites or web pages.
We encourage you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online transaction with any of these third parties.
If you choose to make an In-App Purchase, you will be prompted to enter details for your account with the Third Party Store you are using (e.g., Android, Apple, etc.) (“your Mobile Platform Account”), and your Mobile Platform Account will be charged for the Premium Service and/or In-App Product in accordance with the terms disclosed to you at the time of purchase, as well as the general terms applicable to all other in-app purchases made through your Mobile Platform Account (e.g., Android, Apple, etc.).
Premium Services and In-App Products may include one-time purchases as well as monthly subscriptions (e.g., a one-month subscription, three-month subscription, six-month subscription, etc.) to additional account features.
At the end of the free trial period (if any), you will be charged the price of the subscription and will continue to be charged until you cancel your subscription, except in the case of BumbleCoins where there shall be no automatic renewal.
Please note that for Premium Services and In-App Products made on a subscription basis, your subscription will automatically renew for the same subscription period as you initially purchased (e.g., if you made an In-App Product for a six-month subscription, your subscription will be automatically renewed for an additional six-months).
To avoid any charges for additional periods, you must cancel before the end of the free trial period, subscription period or renewal, as applicable, in accordance with the terms and conditions of your Mobile Platform Account and the terms and conditions of any applicable Third Party Store.
The pricing may vary due to a number of factors, such as (but not limited to) promotional offers, loyalty bonuses and other discounts that might apply to your age group.
Please note that for Premium Services and In-App Products you will be billed continuously for the subscription or service until you cancel in accordance with your Mobile Platform Account’s or your Premium Payment Method’s terms.
In all cases, we are not responsible and have no liability whatsoever for any payment processing errors (including card processing, identity verification, analysis and regulatory compliance) or fees or other service-related issues, including those issues that may arise from inaccurate account information, or products or goods you obtain through your Mobile Platform Account or Third Party Stores.
Further, Bumble Trading Inc does not guarantee that product descriptions or other content and products will be available, accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free.
Descriptions and images of, and references to, products or services (including Premium Services or In-App Products) do not imply our or any of our affiliates' endorsement of such products or services.
Moreover, Bumble Trading Inc and its third party operational service providers reserve the right, with or without prior notice, for any or no reason, to change product descriptions, images, and references.
to limit the available quantity of any product.
to honor, or impose conditions on the honoring of, any coupon, coupon code, promotional code or other similar promotions.
to bar any user from conducting any or all transaction(s).
and/or to refuse to provide any user with any product.
Further, if we terminate your use of or registration to the App because you have breached these Terms, you shall not be entitled to a refund of any unused portion of any fees, payments or other consideration.
We encourage you to review the terms and conditions of the applicable third party payment processors, Third Party Store or Mobile Platform Account before you make any In-App Products or Premium Service purchases.6.
PUSH NOTIFICATIONS.
LOCATION-BASED FEATURES We may provide you with emails, text messages, push notifications, alerts and other messages related to the App and/or the Bumble services, such as enhancements, offers, products, events, and other promotions.
After downloading the App, you will be asked to accept or deny push notifications/alerts.
If you deny, you will not receive any push notifications/alerts.
If you accept, push notifications/alerts will be automatically sent to you.
If you no longer wish to receive push notifications/alerts from the App, you may opt out by changing your notification settings on your mobile device.
With respect to other types of messaging or communications, such as emails, text messages, etc., you can unsubscribe or opt out by either following the specific instructions included in such communications, or by emailing us with your request at feedback@team.bumble.com.The App may allow access to or make available opportunities for you to view certain content and receive other products, services and/or other materials based on your location.
To make these opportunities available to you, the App will determine your location using one or more reference points, such as GPS, Bluetooth and/or software within your mobile device.
If you have set your mobile device to disable GPS, Bluetooth or other location determining software or do not authorize the App to access your location data, you will not be able to access such location-specific content, products, services and materials.
For more about how the App uses and retains your information, please read the Privacy Policy.7.
DISCLAIMER Brace yourselves, this may look daunting but it is very important!
THE APP, SITE, OUR CONTENT, AND MEMBER CONTENT ARE ALL PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.

SHOULD APPLICABLE LAW NOT PERMIT THE FOREGOING EXCLUSION OF EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, THEN WE GRANT THE MINIMUM EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR GUARANTEE NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS SECTION.
ADDITIONALLY, WE DO NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES THAT THE APP OR SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE OR ERROR FREE OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE APP OR SITE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, OR THAT THE APP, SITE, OUR CONTENT, ANY MEMBER CONTENT, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, IS CORRECT, ACCURATE, OR RELIABLE.
YOUR USE OF THE APP OR SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER MEMBERS.
BUMBLE TRADING INC IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONDUCT OF ANY USER.
BUMBLE DOES NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS ON ITS MEMBERS.

NEITHER US NOR ANY OWNER WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF DATA, INCOME, PROFIT OR GOODWILL, LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY AND CLAIMS OF THIRD PARTIES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE APP, SITE, OUR CONTENT, OR ANY MEMBER CONTENT, HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PROPRIETARY RIGHTS INFRINGEMENT, PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.

THE FOREGOING SHALL APPLY EVEN IF WE WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
IF YOU BECOME DISSATISFIED IN ANY WAY WITH THE APP OR SITE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO STOP YOUR USE OF THE APP AND SITE.

YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE APP OR SITE.
BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES, THESE PROVISIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IF ANY PORTION OF THIS LIMITATION ON LIABILITY IS FOUND TO BE INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE FOR ANY REASON, THEN OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY SHALL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100).
THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY HEREIN IS A FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN AND REFLECTS A FAIR ALLOCATION OF RISK.
THE APP AND SITE WOULD NOT BE PROVIDED WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS AND YOU AGREE THAT THE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMERS AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES SPECIFIED HEREIN WILL SURVIVE EVEN IF FOUND TO HAVE FAILED IN THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
8.
INDEMNITY
All the actions you make and information you post on Bumble remain your responsibility.
Therefore, you agree to indemnify, defend, release, and hold us, and our partners, licensors, affiliates, contractors, officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents, harmless, from and against any third party claims, damages (actual and/or consequential), actions, proceedings, demands, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees) suffered or reasonably incurred by us arising as a result of, or in connection with:

any negligent acts, omissions or wilful misconduct by you;
your access to and use of the App;
the uploading or submission of Content to the App by you;
any breach of these Terms by you.
and/or 
your violation of any law or of any rights of any third party.

We retain the exclusive right to settle, compromise and pay any and all claims or causes of action which are brought against us without your prior consent.
If we ask, you will co-operate fully and reasonably as required by us in the defence of any relevant claim.
9.
DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT
Bumble Trading Inc has adopted the following policy towards copyright infringement in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "DMCA").
If you believe any Member Content or Our Content infringes upon your intellectual property rights, please submit a notification alleging such infringement ("DMCA Takedown Notice") including the following: 

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works.

Identification of the material claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail.

A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and 
A statement that, under penalty of perjury, the information in the notification is accurate and you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.


Any DMCA Takedown Notices should be sent to: feedback@team.bumble.com10.
THIRD PARTY APP STORE
The following additional terms and conditions apply to you if you download the App from a Third Party Store.
To the extent that the other terms and conditions of these Terms are less restrictive than, or otherwise conflict with, the terms and conditions of this Section, the more restrictive or conflicting terms and conditions in this Section will apply, but solely with respect to the App and the Third Party Store.
You acknowledge and agree that:

These Terms are concluded solely between you and Bumble Trading Inc.
and not with the providers of the Third Party Store, and Bumble Trading Inc.
(and not the Third Party Store providers) is solely responsible for the App and the content thereof.
To the extent that these Terms provide for usage rules for the App which are less restrictive or in conflict with the applicable terms of service of the Third Party Store from which you obtain the App, the more restrictive or conflicting term of the Third Party Store will take precedence and will apply.
The Third Party Store provider has no obligation whatsoever to provide any maintenance and support services with respect to the App.
Bumble Trading Inc.
is solely responsible for any product warranties, whether express or implied by law, to the extent not effectively disclaimed.
The Third Party Store provider will have no warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of Bumble Trading Inc.
Bumble Trading Inc., not the Third Party Store provider, is responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party may have relating to the App or your possession and/or use of the App, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims.
(ii) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement.
(iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
and/or (iv) intellectual property infringement claims.
The Third Party Store provider and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement, and, upon your acceptance of these Terms, the Third Party Store provider from whom you obtained the App will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.
11.
MISCELLANEOUS
There are a few more things we need to mention before you can use Bumble.
Please bear with us, we're nearly done!
Firstly, those standard clauses at the end of most contracts (boring, we know)
These Terms, which we may amend from time to time, constitute the entire agreement between you and Bumble Trading Inc.
The Terms supersede all previous agreements, representations and arrangements between us (written or oral).
Nothing in this clause shall limit or exclude any liability for fraudulent misrepresentation.
Bumble Trading Inc has taken reasonable steps to ensure the currency, availability, correctness and completeness of the information contained on Bumble and provides that information on an "as is", "as available" basis.
Bumble Trading Inc does not give or make any warranty or representation of any kind about the information contained on Bumble, whether express or implied.
Use of Bumble and the materials available on it is at your sole risk.
Bumble Trading Inc can not be held responsible for any loss arising from the transmission, use of data, or inaccurate User Content.

You are responsible for taking all necessary precautions to ensure that any material you may obtain from Bumble is free of viruses or other harmful components.
You accept that Bumble will not be provided uninterrupted or error free, that defects may not be corrected or that Bumble Trading Inc, or the server that makes it available, are free of viruses or bugs, spyware, Trojan horse or any similar malicious software.
Bumble Trading Inc is not responsible for any damage to your computer hardware, computer software, or other equipment or technology including, but without limitation damage from any security breach or from any virus, bugs, tampering, fraud, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer line or network failure or any other technical or other malfunction.We know our Terms are awesome, but we may have to change them now and again
As Bumble grows, we might have to make changes to these Terms so we reserve the right to modify, amend or change the Terms at any time (a "Change").
If we do this then the Changes will be posted on this page and we will indicate the Effective Date of the updates at the bottom of the Terms.
In certain circumstances, we may send an email to you notifying you of a Change.
You should regularly check this page for notice of any Changes – we want our users to be as informed as possible.
Your continued use of Bumble following any Change constitutes your acceptance of the Change and you will be legally bound by the new updated Terms.
If you do not accept any Changes to the Terms, you should stop using Bumble immediately (uh oh, that's going to be hard!).Some more legal mumbo jumbo
If, for any reason, any of the Terms are declared illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by a court of a competent jurisdiction, then to the extent that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from the Terms and the remainder of the Terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
No failure or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege under the Terms shall operate as a waiver of such right or acceptance of any variation of the Terms and nor shall any single or partial exercise by either party of any right, power or privilege preclude any further exercise of the right or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
You represent and warrant that:

you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a "terrorist supporting" country.
and 
you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.

By using the App, you agree and acknowledge that Bumble is a global app operating through servers located in a number of countries around the world, including the United States.
If you live in a country with data protection laws, the storage of your personal data may not provide you with the same protections as you enjoy in your country of residence.
By submitting your personal information, or by choosing to upgrade the services you use, or by making use of the applications available on Bumble, you agree to the transfer of your personal information to, and storage and processing of your personal information in, any such countries and destinations.
The App may contain links to third-party websites or resources.
In such cases, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible or liable for: 

the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources.
or
the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources.


Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement.
You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources.
Framing, in-line linking or other methods of association with the App are expressly prohibited without first obtaining our prior written approval.
These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by us without restriction.
12.
ABOUT US
Your access to the App, Our Content, and any Member Content, as well as these Terms are governed and interpreted by the laws of the State of New York, other than such laws, rules, regulations and case law that would result in the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than the State of New York.
By using the App, you are consenting to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the United States and the State of New York.
You agree that such courts shall have in personam jurisdiction and venue and waive any objection based on inconvenient forum.
You agree that you will not file or participate in a class action against us.
In the event there is a discrepancy between this English language version and any translated copies of the Terms, the English version shall prevail.
Bumble Trading Inc is registered in the United States under company number 5600774.
Our registered address is 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware, 19801.
Bumble Trading Inc collaborates with its group company Social Online Payments Limited (a company incorporated in Ireland under company number 496494), Social Online Payments, Inc (a company incorporated in Delaware under company number 5214252) from time to time in order to facilitate the delivery of content to you and to collect payments.Effective date
The Terms were last updated on: 29 March 2018. 