 Privacy Notice
Last updated: January 23, 2020
Byte provides a looping video application to allow our users to create and share short-form video content.
Our Privacy Notice ("Privacy Notice") is designed to help you understand how we collect, use and share your personal information and to assist you in exercising the privacy rights available to you.
SCOPE
This Privacy Notice applies to personal information processed by us in our business, including on our websites, mobile applications, and other online or offline offerings (collectively, the "Services"). PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The categories of personal information we collect depend on whether you are a user, user, applicant or visitor, and the requirements of applicable law. Information You Provide to Us

Account Creation: When you create a user account, we collect your username, email address, and certain information when you sign up/in using your Google ID or Apple ID.

Your Communications with Us. We collect personal information from you such as email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our Services, request user or technical support, apply for a job or otherwise communicate with us.

Surveys. We may contact you to participate in surveys.
If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.

Social Media Content. We may offer forums, blogs, or social media pages.
Any content you provide on these channels will be considered "public" and is not subject to privacy protections.

Registration for Sweepstakes or Contests. We may run sweepstakes and contests.
Contact information you provide may be used to reach you about the sweepstakes or contest and for other promotional, marketing and business purposes, if permitted by law.
In some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information of winners. Information Collected Automatically or From Others

Automatic Data Collection. We may collect certain information automatically when you use the Services.
This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, Internet service provider, pages that you visit before, during and after using the Services, information about the links you click, and other information about how you use the Services.
Information we collect may be associated with accounts and other devices.
In addition, we may automatically collect data regarding your use of our Services, such as the types of content you interact with and the frequency and duration of your activities.
We may combine your information with information that other people provide when they use our Services, including information about you when they tag you.

Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, Analytics Information, and Interest-Based Advertising Technologies. We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies ("Technologies") to automatically collect information through the Services.
Technologies are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices that allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Services.


Cookies. Cookies are small text files placed in visitors' computer browsers to store their preferences.
Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies.
However, if you do that, the Services may not work properly.

Pixel Tags/Web Beacons. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in the Services that collects information about users' engagement on that web page.
The use of a pixel allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement.


Analytics.
 We may also use Google Cloud data analytics products to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Services.
For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
You can opt out of Google's collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

Information from Other Sources.
 We may obtain information about you from other sources, including through third party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you.
For example, if you access our Services through a third-party application, such as an app store, a third-party login service, or a social networking site, we may collect information about you from that third-party application that you have made public via your privacy settings.
Information we collect through these services may include your user identifier and email, stored in that service.
This supplemental information allows us to verify information that you have provided to us and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION We use your information for a variety of business purposes, including to:

Fulfil our contract with you and provide you with our Services, such as:


Managing your information and accounts;
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services;
Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services and policy changes;
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device;
Processing your financial information and other payment methods for products or Services purchased;
Providing advertising, analytics and marketing services;
Providing Services on behalf of our users, such as maintaining or servicing accounts, providing user service, and verifying user information;
Processing applications and transactions.
and
Allowing you to register for events.


Analyze and improve our Services pursuant to our legitimate interest, such as:


Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
Measuring interest and engagement in our Services and short-term, transient use, such as contextual customization of ads;
Undertaking research for technological development and demonstration;
Researching and developing products, services, marketing or security procedures to improve their performance, resilience, reliability or efficiency;
Improving, upgrading or enhancing our Services;
Developing new products and Services;
Ensuring internal quality control;
Verifying your identity and preventing fraud;
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Enforcing our terms and policies.
and
Complying with our legal obligations, protecting your vital interest, or as may be required for the public good.


Provide you with additional content and Services, such as:


Furnishing you with customized materials about offers, products, and Services that may be of interest, including new content or Services;
Auditing relating to interactions, transactions and other compliance activities.
and
Other purposes you consent to, are notified of, or are disclosed when you provide personal information.


Use De-Identified and Aggregated Information. We may use personal information and other data about you to create de-identified and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create.

Share Content with Friends or Colleagues. Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities.
For example, we may allow you to provide information about your friends through our referral services.
Our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services.

How We Use Automatic Collection Technologies. We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies to automatically collect information through the Services.
Our uses of these Technologies fall into the following general categories:


Operationally Necessary. This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services, applications, and tools that are required to identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security or that allow you to make use of our functionality;

Performance Related.
 We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Services, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use the Services;

Functionality Related. We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services.
This may include identifying you when you sign into our Services or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed;

Advertising or Targeting Related. We may use first party or third-party Technologies to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Services or on third party sites.


Notice Regarding Third Party Websites, Social Media Platforms and Software Development Kits. The Services may contain links to other websites, and other websites may reference or link to our website or other Services.
These other websites are not controlled by us.
We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact.
We do not endorse, screen or approve and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications.
Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
Our Services may include publicly accessible blogs, forums, social media pages, and private messaging features.
By using such Services, you assume the risk that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for any number of purposes.
In addition, social media buttons such as Twitter, Instagram and YouTube (that might include widgets such as the "share this" button or other interactive mini-programs) may be on our site.
These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
These social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site.
Your interactions with these features apart from your visit to our site are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
We may use third-party application programming interfaces ("APIs") and software development kits ("SDKs") as part of the functionality of our Services.
APIs and SDKs may allow third parties including analytics and advertising partners to collect your personal information for various purposes including to provide analytics services and content that is more relevant to you.
For more information about our use of APIs and SDKs, please contact us as set forth below.
We may also use information from Apple's TrueDepth camera to improve the quality of some effects.
Information from the TrueDepth camera is used in real time.
We don't store this information on our servers or share it with third parties. DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
Except as provided below, we do not share your personal information.
For a list of the categories of personal information we have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the past 12 months, please click here: (currently nothing).
We do not sell consumers' personal information and have not sold consumers' personal information in the preceding 12 months.

Service Providers. We may share any personal information we collect about you with our third- party service providers.
The categories of service providers (processors) to whom we entrust personal information include: IT and related services.
information and services.
payment processors.
user service providers.
and vendors to support the provision of the Services.

Advertising Partners. Through our Services, we may allow third party advertising partners to set Technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, mobile identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day).
These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit third party websites within their networks.
This practice is commonly referred to as "interest-based advertising" or "online behavioral advertising.
We may allow access to other data collected by the Services to share information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you.
If you prefer not to share your personal information with third party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions below.

Disclosures to Protect Us or Others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena.
protect your, our or others' rights, property, or safety.
enforce our policies or contracts.
collect amounts owed to us.
or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.

Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.

International Data Transfers. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live.
We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well.
Further details can be provided upon request. YOUR CHOICES

General. You have certain choices about your personal information.
Where you have consented to the processing of your personal information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and prevent further processing by contacting us as described below.
Even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non- personal information regarding your activities on our Services and for other legal purposes as described above.

Email and Telephone Communications. If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails.
Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested.
We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our Terms or this Privacy Notice).
We process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone and do-not-contact lists as required by applicable law.

Mobile Devices. We may send you push notifications through our mobile application.
You may at any time opt- out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
We may also collect location-based information if you use our mobile applications.
You may opt-out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.

"Do Not Track." Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers.
Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.

Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising. You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits.
The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs.
You can access these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp, http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, https://youradchoices.ca/choices/, and www.aboutads.info/choices/.
To separately make choices for mobile apps on a mobile device, you can download DAA's AppChoices application from your device's app store.
Alternatively, for some devices you may use your device's platform controls in your settings to exercise choice.
Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.
Advertisements on third party websites that contain the AdChoices link may have been directed to you based on information collected by advertising partners over time and across websites.
These advertisements provide a mechanism to opt out of the advertising partners' use of this information for interest-based advertising purposes. Your Privacy Rights
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:

Access to/Portability of Personal Information about you consistent with legal requirements.
In addition, you may have the right in some cases to receive or have your electronic personal information transferred to another party.

Request Correction of your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete.
In some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your personal information or we may refer you to the controller of your personal information who is able to make the correction.

Request Deletion of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.

Request restriction of or object to processing of your personal information, including the right to opt in or opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties, if applicable, where such requests are permitted by law.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, contact us as set forth below.
We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. DATA RETENTION
We store the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Notice for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Notice.

Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
By using the Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services.
If we learn of a security system's breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Services, by mail or by sending an e-mail to you. CHILDREN'S INFORMATION
The Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children.
If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may contact us as set forth below.
If we learn that we have collected any personal information in violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child's account. OTHER PROVISIONS
SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
If you are located in the European Economic Area or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
We may revise this Privacy Notice from time to time in our sole discretion.
If there are any material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will notify you as required by applicable law.
You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Notice if you continue to use the Services after the new Privacy Notice takes effect.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Notice, or if you wish to submit a request to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Notice, please contact us at: Email: hello@byte.co
Address: Byte, PO Box 611, New York, NY 10272 creators community twitter instagram youtube help What's&nbsp;New What's&nbsp;Next terms privacy guidelines contact   Terms of Service
Last updated: January 23, 2020
Welcome to the Interspace Technologies, Inc.
d.b.a.
Byte ("Byte", "we", or "us") website located at www.byte.co ("Site") and our mobile application ("App").
Please read these Terms of Service (the "Terms") and our Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") carefully because they govern your ("you") use of our Site, App, and our content accessible via our Site and App.
To make these Terms easier to read, the Site and our services and App are collectively called the "Services."
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING ARBITRATION: WHEN YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS YOU ARE AGREEING (WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION) TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN YOU AND BYTE THROUGH BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION RATHER THAN IN COURT.
PLEASE REVIEW CAREFULLY SECTION 19 "DISPUTE RESOLUTION" BELOW FOR DETAILS REGARDING ARBITRATION (INCLUDING THE PROCEDURE TO OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION).


Agreement to Terms. By using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms.
If you don't agree to be bound by these Terms, do not use the Services.
If you are accessing and using the Services on behalf of a company (such as your employer) or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that company or other legal entity to these Terms.
In that case, "you" and "your" will refer to that company or other legal entity.

Privacy Policy. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information on how we collect, use and share your information.
You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is subject to our Privacy Policy.

Changes to these Terms or the Services. We may update the Terms from time to time in our sole discretion.
If we do, we'll let you know by posting the updated Terms on the Site and may also send other communications.
It's important that you review the Terms whenever we update them or you use the Services.
If you continue to use the Services after we have posted updated Terms it means that you accept and agree to the changes.
If you don't agree to be bound by the changes, you may not use the Services anymore.
The only exception is for changes to the "Dispute Resolution" section, for which you have followed the process in Section&nbsp;19(f).
Because our Services are evolving over time we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Services, at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion.
We may add, remove, suspend or alter access to any content available through or on the Services from our Services at any time and make no guarantee as to the availability or minimum amount of specific content.


Who May Use the Services?


Eligibility. To use the Services, you must be at least 13 years of age and not otherwise barred from using the Services under applicable law.
By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you (or your parent or legal guardian, as required by applicable law if you are unable to form a binding contract) have reviewed and agreed to these Terms.

Registration and Your Information. If you want to use certain features of the Services you'll have to create an account ("Account").
You can do this via the Services or through your account with certain third-party services such as Facebook, Apple, Google or Twitter (each, an "SNS Account").
If you choose the SNS Account option we'll create your Account by extracting from your SNS Account certain personal information such as your name and email address and other personal information that your privacy settings on the SNS Account permit us to access.

Accuracy of Account Information. It's important that you provide us with accurate, complete and up-to-date information for your Account and you agree to update such information to keep it accurate, complete and up-to-date.
If you don't, we might have to suspend or terminate your Account.
You agree that you won't disclose your Account password to anyone and you'll notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Account.
You're responsible for all activities that occur under your Account, including, without limitation, the posting of User Content (as defined below), and any communications or other contact you have with other users of the Services, whether or not you know about them.
We may take actions we deem reasonably necessary to prevent fraud and abuse, including placing restrictions on user accounts or on the amount of content that can be accessed from the Services at any one time.



Feedback. We welcome feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Services ("Feedback").
You can submit Feedback by emailing us at hello@byte.co.
You grant to us a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit the Feedback for any purpose.

Content Ownership, Responsibility and Removal.


Definitions. For purposes of these Terms: (i)&nbsp;"Content" means text, graphics, images, music, software, audio, video, works of authorship of any kind, and information or other materials that are posted, generated, provided or otherwise made available through the Services.
and (ii)&nbsp;"User Content" means any Content that Account holders (including you) provide to be made available through the Services.
User Content also includes, without limitation, any communications or content that you share with another user of the Services such as comments on other users' User Content or direct messages between you and another user of the Services ("Communications").
Content includes without limitation User Content.

Our Content Ownership.
Except for any licensed rights granted under these Terms of Service, Byte does not claim any ownership rights in any User Content and nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use and exploit your User Content.
Subject to the foregoing, Byte and its licensors exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the Services and Content, including all associated intellectual property rights.
You acknowledge that the Services and Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries.
You agree not to remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services or Content.

Rights in User Content Granted by You. By making any User Content available through the Services you hereby grant to Byte and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensee, successors, and assigns an irrevocable, non-exclusive, perpetual, transferable, worldwide, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon, distribute, publicly display, and publicly perform your User Content in connection with marketing, promoting, operating and providing the Services and Content to you and to others and in connection with working with our brand partners and licensees.

Name, Likeness, Other Personal Rights.&nbsp;By submitting User Content, in which you may appear including, without limitation, your photograph, you hereby grant to Byte the unrestricted, unlimited, perpetual, worldwide to use your name, image, likeness, or other information or materials supplied by you including any third party materials as it appears in such User Content alone or as part of the User Content, in any medium now known or hereinafter developed in connection with the Services itself, and any advertising and promotion of the Services or Byte without payment of compensation to you and without seeking any further approval from you.

Your Responsibility for User Content. You are solely responsible for all your User Content.
You represent and warrant that you own all your User Content or you have all rights that are necessary to grant us the license rights in your User Content under these Terms.
You also represent and warrant that neither your User Content, nor your use and provision of your User Content to be made available through the Services, nor any use of your User Content by Byte on or through the Services, including, without limitation, in accordance with the rights granted to Byte in your User Content in Section 6(c) and Section 6(d) above, will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party's intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
You represent and warrant that all of your User Content and your activities in connection with the Services will, at all times, comply with (i) the Terms.
(ii) the Byte Community Guidelines.
(iii) all applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
and (iv) any other guidelines or requirements that we may make available to you from time to time.

Rights in Content Granted by Byte. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Byte grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license, with no right to sublicense, to download, view, copy, display and print the Content solely in connection with your permitted use of the Services and solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes.
We retain and reserve all rights to that content, including, without limitation, all rights in and to the Site, App, Services, and all features, trademarks, trade names, service marks, trade dress, and the look and feel of the Site, App, and Services.
Other than the right to use the Site, App, and Services as explicitly described in these Terms for your personal, limited use, no other rights are granted to you under these Terms.




Respecting Others' User Content. Subject to our rights under Section 6, you acknowledge that all User Content and any content related thereto are the property of the respective user that makes the User Content available through the Services or, if made explicit on the Services, us.
You acknowledge and agree that Byte is not responsible or liable for your User Content, including, without limitation, any user's Communications, including yours.


Banners. In some instances, certain User Content may be displayed through the Services with a banner overlaying the User Content (each, a "Banner").
Some Banners you may see on the Services include "For Your Consideration" or "Editor's Pick," among others.
These Banners are merely provided as a convenience to indicate posts that may be of interest to particular users of the Services or to the general body of users of the Services.
You acknowledge and agree that the inclusion of a Banner, whether as a result of automated or human selection, in no way represents or indicates Byte's endorsement, support, or agreement with such User Content or the associated user.
Unless explicitly stated otherwise on the Services, we do not endorse or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or completeness of any User Content, including User Content that features a Banner.


Rights and Terms for Apps.



Rights in App Granted by Byte. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Byte grants to you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable license, with no right to sublicense, to download and install a copy of the App on a mobile device or computer that you own or control and to run such copy of the App solely for your own personal non-commercial purposes.
You may not copy the App, except for making a reasonable number of copies for backup or archival purposes.
Except as expressly permitted in these Terms, you may not: (i)&nbsp;copy, modify or create derivative works based on the App.
(ii)&nbsp;distribute, transfer, sublicense, lease, lend or rent the App to any third party.
(iii)&nbsp;reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the App.
or (iv)&nbsp;make the functionality of the App available to multiple users through any means.
Byte reserves all rights in and to the App not expressly granted to you under these Terms.

Accessing App from App Store. The following terms apply to any App accessed through or downloaded from any app store or distribution platform (like the Apple App Store or Google Play) where the App may now or in the future be made available (each an "App Provider").
You acknowledge and agree that: 


 These Terms are concluded between you and Byte, and not with the App Provider, and Byte (not the App Provider), is solely responsible for the App.
The App Provider has no obligation to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App.

In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify the App Provider, and the App Provider will refund the purchase price for the App to you (if applicable) and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the App Provider will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App.
Any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of Byte.
The App Provider is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third party relating to the App or your possession and use of the App, including, but not limited to: (i)&nbsp;product liability claims.
(ii) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement.
and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
In the event of any third party claim that the App or your possession and use of that App infringes that third party's intellectual property rights, Byte will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by these Terms.
The App Provider, and its subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms as related to your license to the App, and that, upon your acceptance of the Terms, the App Provider will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms as related to your license of the App against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a terrorist-supporting country.
and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
You must also comply with all applicable third party terms of service when using the App.


General Prohibitions and Byte's Enforcement Rights.
You agree not to do any of the following: 

Post, upload, publish, submit or transmit any content that: (i)&nbsp;infringes, misappropriates or violates a third party's patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy.
(ii)&nbsp;violates, or encourages any conduct that would violate, any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability.
(iii)&nbsp;is fraudulent, false, misleading or deceptive.
(iv) is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or offensive.
(v)&nbsp;promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group.
(vi)&nbsp;is violent or threatening or promotes violence or actions that are threatening to any person or entity.
or (vii)&nbsp;promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances;
Use, display, mirror or frame the Services or any individual element within the Services, Byte's name, any Byte trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page, without Byte's express written consent.

Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services.

Attempt to access or search the Services or download content from the Services using any engine, software, tool, agent, device or mechanism (including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools or the like) other than the software and/or search agents provided by Byte or other generally available third-party web browsers.

Send any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, email, junk mail, spam, chain letters or other form of solicitation.

Use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing an Byte trademark, logo URL or product name without Byte's express written consent.

Use the Services, or any portion thereof, for any commercial purpose or for the benefit of any third party or in any manner not permitted by these Terms.

Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the Services.

Collect or store any personally identifiable information from the Services from other users of the Services without their express permission.

Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity, claim a false affiliation, or misrepresent the source or identity of content used through the Services;
You agree not to provide any information that is intended to misinform, misdirect, mislead, or otherwise deceive any users of the Services or any other third party.

Violate any applicable law or regulation.
or
Induce others to do any of the above.

Byte is not obligated to monitor access to or use of the Services or to review or edit any content.
However, we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Services, to ensure compliance with these Terms and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove or disable access to any content, at any time and without notice, including, but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion, consider it objectionable or in violation of these Terms.
We have the right to investigate violations of these Terms or conduct that affects the Services.
We may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the law.

DMCA/Copyright Policy. Byte respects copyright law and expects its users to do the same.
It is Byte's policy to terminate in appropriate circumstances account holders who repeatedly infringe or are believed to be repeatedly infringing the rights of copyright holders.
Please see Byte's Copyright Policy for further information.

Links to Third Party Websites or Resources. The Services (including the Site and App) may allow you to access third-party websites or other resources.
To the extent provided by us, we provide access only as a convenience and are not responsible for the content, products or services on or available from those resources or links displayed on such websites.
Users of the Services may provide access through User Content to third-party websites or other resources.
To the extent provided by you, you hereby acknowledge and agree that, as between you and Byte, you bear full responsibility and liability in connection with such access by users of the Services.
You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from, your use of any third-party resources.
You further acknowledge that we have no responsibility to remove, add, modify, or monitor User Content, including any access to third-party websites or other resources contained in User Content.

Termination. We may terminate or suspend, in whole or in part, your access to and use of the Services, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you.
You may cancel your account at any time by going into your account settings on the App.
Upon any termination, discontinuation or cancellation of the Services or your account, the following Sections will survive: 6(a), 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 7, 8, 9, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 and 20.

Warranty Disclaimers.
 THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
We make no warranty that the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis.
We make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness or reliability of any information or content on the Services.
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR USER CONTENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, COMMUNICATIONS, AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION OF ANY KIND IN REGARD TO USER CONTENT.

BYTE ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY USER'S OR THIRD PARTY'S FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH ANY APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS.
WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY ACT OR OMISSION OF ANY USER OR OTHER THIRD PARTY.
WE DO NOT, AND CANNOT CONTROL YOUR INTERACTION WITH ANY USER OR OTHER THIRD PARTY.
WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY ARISING FROM SUCH INTERACTION.


Limitation of Liability.

For the purposes of this Section 17, "Byte", "we", or "us" shall include Byte, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, investors, agents, and successors and assigns.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NEITHER BYTE NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICES WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES, LOST SAVINGS, LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, LOSS OF DATA OR GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT BYTE OR ANY OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT BYTE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR CONTENT OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR ANY THIRD PARTY'S CONTENT, WHETHER OR NOT SUCH CONTENT IS ACCESSED THROUGH THE SERVICES (INCLUDING ANY USER CONTENT), AND THAT ANY RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE LAW OF THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION, IN NO EVENT WILL BYTE'S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES EXCEED TWENTY DOLLARS ($20).

THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN BYTE AND YOU.



Governing Law and Forum Choice. These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, federal arbitration law, and the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
Except as otherwise expressly set forth in Section 19 "Dispute Resolution," the exclusive jurisdiction for all Disputes (defined below) that you and Byte are not required to arbitrate will be the state and federal courts located in the Southern District of New York, and you and Byte each waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts.

Dispute Resolution.



Mandatory Arbitration of Disputes. We each agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the Services (collectively, "Disputes") will be resolved solely by binding, individual arbitration and not in a class, representative or consolidated action or proceeding. You and Byte agree that the U.S.
Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of these Terms, and that you and Byte are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action.
This arbitration provision shall survive termination of these Terms.


Exceptions and Opt-out. As limited exceptions to Section 19(a) above: (i)&nbsp;you may seek to resolve a Dispute in small claims court if it qualifies.
and (ii) we each retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief from a court to prevent (or enjoin) the infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights.
In addition, you will retain the right to opt out of arbitration entirely and litigate any Dispute if you provide us with written notice of your desire to do so by email at hello@byte.co or by regular mail at Byte Legal Department, PO Box 611, New York, NY 10272 within thirty (30) days following the date you first agree to these Terms.

Conducting Arbitration and Arbitration Rules. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (the "AAA Rules") then in effect, except as modified by these Terms.
The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.
A party who wishes to start arbitration must submit a written Demand for Arbitration to AAA and give notice to the other party as specified in the AAA Rules.
The AAA provides a form Demand for Arbitration at www.adr.org.
If your claim is for U.S.
$10,000 or less, you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic or video-conference hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules.
If your claim exceeds U.S.
$10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules.
Any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) where you live, unless we both agree to a different location.
The parties agree that the arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to decide all issues relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability and scope of this arbitration agreement.


Arbitration Costs. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules.
We'll pay for all filing, administration and arbitrator fees and expenses if your Dispute is for less than $10,000, unless the arbitrator finds your Dispute frivolous.
If we prevail in arbitration we'll pay all of our attorneys' fees and costs and won't seek to recover them from you.
If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys' fees and expenses to the extent provided under applicable law.

Class Action Waiver. YOU AND BYTE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
Further, if the parties' dispute is resolved through arbitration, the arbitrator may not consolidate another person's claims with your claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Dispute Resolution section shall be null and void.

Effect of Changes on Arbitration. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3 "Changes to these Terms or the Services" above, if Byte changes any of the terms of this Section 19 "Dispute Resolution" after the date you most recently accepted these Terms, you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email to hello@byte.co) within 30 days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the "Last Updated" date above or in the date of Byte's email to you notifying you of such change.
By rejecting any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Byte in accordance with the terms of this Section 19 "Dispute Resolution" as of the date you most recently accepted these Terms.

Severability. With the exception of any of the provisions in Section 19(e) of these Terms ("Class Action Waiver"), if an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction decides that any part of these Terms is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of these Terms will still apply.



General Terms.


Reservation of Rights. Byte and its licensors exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the Services, including all associated intellectual property rights.
You acknowledge that the Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries.
You agree not to remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services.

Entire Agreement. These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between Byte and you regarding the Services and Content, and these Terms supersede and replace all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Byte and you regarding the Services and Content.
If any provision of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable by an arbitrator or a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.
You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without Byte's prior written consent.
Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms, without such consent, will be null.
Byte may freely assign or transfer these Terms without restriction.
Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.

Notices. Any notices or other communications provided by Byte under these Terms will be given: (i)&nbsp;via email.
or (ii)&nbsp;by posting to the Services.
For notices made by email, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted.

Waiver of Rights. Byte's failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision.
The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of Byte.
Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise.



Contact Information. If you have any questions about these Terms or the Services, please contact Byte at: Email: hello@byte.co
Address: Byte, PO Box 611, New York, NY 10272

 creators community twitter instagram youtube help What's&nbsp;New What's&nbsp;Next terms privacy guidelines contact 