 Date: August 15, 2015
  Overview The following are the terms of an agreement between you and IBM.
By accessing, or using this Web site, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including export and re-export control laws and regulations.
If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this Web site.
IBM may, without notice to you, at any time, revise these Terms of Use and any other information contained in this Web site.
IBM may also make improvements or changes in the products, services, or programs described in this site at any time without notice. General This Web site contains proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed.
Please see the tab entitled “Copyright and trademark information” for related information.
IBM grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited permission to access and display the Web pages within this site as a customer or potential customer of IBM provided you comply with these Terms of Use, and all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices remain intact.
You may only use a crawler to crawl this Web site as permitted by this Web site’s robots.txt protocol, and IBM may block any crawlers in its sole discretion.
The use authorized under this agreement is non-commercial in nature (e.g., you may not sell the content you access on or through this Web site.) All other use of this site is prohibited.
Except for the limited permission in the preceding paragraph, IBM does not grant you any express or implied rights or licenses under any patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other proprietary or intellectual property rights.
You may not mirror any of the content from this site on another Web site or in any other media.
Any software and other materials that are made available for downloading, access, or other use from this site with their own license terms will be governed by such terms, conditions, and notices.
Your failure to comply with such terms or any of the terms on this site will result in automatic termination of any rights granted to you, without prior notice, and you must immediately destroy all copies of downloaded materials in your possession, custody or control. Disclaimer From time to time, this Web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors, and we do not warrant the accuracy of any posted information.
Please confirm you are using the most up-to-date pages on this Web site, and confirm the accuracy and completeness of information before using it to make decisions relating to services, products, or other matters described in this Web site.
If any term in this Terms of Use is found by competent judicial authority to be unenforceable in any respect, the validity of the remainder of this Terms of Use will be unaffected, provided that such unenforceability does not materially affect the parties’ rights under this Terms of Use. Forward-looking and cautionary statements Except for historical information and discussions, statements set forth throughout this web site may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 or other applicable laws.
These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially, as discussed in the company's filings with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission.
See the “SEC filings” tab under “Investor relations” on this Web site for copies of such filings. Confidential information IBM does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our Web site.
Please note that any information or material sent to IBM will be deemed NOT to be confidential.
By sending IBM any information or material, you grant IBM an unrestricted, irrevocable license to copy, reproduce, publish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, publicly display, perform, modify, create derivative works from, and otherwise freely use, those materials or information.
You also agree that IBM is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques that you send us for any purpose.
However, we will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless: (a) we obtain your permission to use your name.
or (b) we first notify you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of this site will be published or otherwise used with your name on it.
or (c) we are required to do so by law.
Personally-identifiable information that you submit to IBM for the purpose of receiving products or services will be handled in accordance with our privacy policies.
Please see the tab entitled “Privacy” for information regarding IBM’s privacy policies. U.S.
government restricted rights IBM provides the software downloaded from this Web site to U.S.
Government users with “RESTRICTED RIGHTS." Use, reproduction, or disclosure is subject to the restrictions set forth in IBM’s GSA ADP Schedule contract. Global availability Information IBM publishes on the Internet may contain references or cross references to IBM products, programs and services that are not announced or available in your country.
Such references do not imply that IBM intends to announce or make available such products, programs, or services in your country.
Please consult your local IBM business contact for information regarding the products, programs, and services that may be available to you. Business relationships This Web site may provide links or references to non-IBM Web sites and resources.
IBM makes no representations, warranties, or other commitments or endorsements whatsoever about any non-IBM Web sites or third-party resources (including any Lenovo Web site) that may be referenced, accessible from, or linked to any IBM site.
In addition, IBM is not a party to or responsible for any transactions you may enter into with third parties, even if you learn of such parties (or use a link to such parties) from an IBM site.
When you access a non-IBM Web site, even one that may contain the IBM-logo, please understand that it is independent from IBM, and that IBM does not control the content on that Web site.
It is up to you to take precautions to protect yourself from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other potentially destructive programs, and to protect your information. Linking to this site IBM consents only to links to this Web site in which the link and the pages that are activated by the link do not: (a) create frames around any page on this Web site or use other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of any content within this site.
(b) misrepresent your relationship with IBM.
(c) imply that IBM approves or endorses you, your Web site, or your service or product offerings.
and (d) present false or misleading impressions about IBM or otherwise damage the goodwill associated with the IBM name or trademarks.
As a further condition to being permitted to link to this site, you agree that IBM may at any time, in its sole discretion, terminate permission to link to this Web site.
In such event, you agree to immediately remove all links to this Web site and to cease any related use of IBM trademarks. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
ALL MATERIALS, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE, PROGRAMS, AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH NO WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES WHATSOEVER.
IBM EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, AND OTHER WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, OR REPRESENTATIONS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
WITHOUT LIMITATION, IBM MAKES NO WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE THAT THIS WEB SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT IF YOU DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN MATERIALS, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE, PROGRAMS, OR SERVICES FROM THIS WEB SITE, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES THAT MAY RESULT, INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA OR DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL IBM BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE WHATSOEVER RELATED TO OR ARISING FROM THIS WEB SITE OR ANY USE OF THIS WEB SITE, OR OF ANY SITE OR RESOURCE LINKED TO, REFERENCED, OR ACCESSED THROUGH THIS WEB SITE, OR FOR THE USE OR DOWNLOADING OF, OR ACCESS TO, ANY MATERIALS, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOST SAVINGS OR LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA, EVEN IF IBM IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
THIS EXCLUSION AND WAIVER OF LIABILITY APPLIES TO ALL CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORIES.
 
  Uses 
Copyright and trademark information
Patent information
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notices
Subpoena Policy
Copyright Infringement
 
  This Privacy Statement is effective as of May 2018.
At IBM we recognize the importance of protecting your personal information and are committed to processing it responsibly and in compliance with applicable data protection laws in all countries in which IBM operates.
This Privacy Statement describes IBM's general privacy practices that apply to personal information we collect, use and share about consumers and other individuals within our clients, business partners, supplier and other organizations with which IBM has or contemplates a business relationship.
This Privacy Statement is supplemented by the IBM Online Privacy Statement, which provides more information in the online context, including recruitment.
We may provide additional or more specific information on the collection or use of personal information on websites or related to a specific product or service. Why and how we collect and use your personal information We may collect your personal information as an individual for various purposes, such as the following:


Access and use of websites or other online services
When entering one of our websites, or using an online service, we will record information necessary to provide you with access, for the operation of the website and for us to comply with security and legal requirements in relation to operating our site, such as passwords, IP address and browser settings.
We also collect information about your activities during your visit in order to personalize your website experience, such as recording your preferences and settings, and to collect statistics to help us improve and further develop our websites, products and services.

Responding to your request for information, order, or support
When you contact us (online or offline) in connection with a request for information, to order a product or service, to provide you with support, or to participate in a forum or other social computing tool, we collect information necessary to fulfill your request, to grant you access to the product or service, to provide you with support and to be able to contact you.
For instance, we collect your name and contact information, details about your request and your agreement with us and the fulfillment, delivery and invoicing of your order and we may include client satisfaction survey information.
We retain such information for administrative purposes, defending our rights, and in connection with our relationship with you.

When you provide your name and contact information to register in connection with such a request, the registration may serve to identify you when you visit our websites.
For ordering of most services and products we require you to have registered an IBMid.
Registration may also allow you to customize and control your privacy settings.

Your use of IBM Cloud services
We collect information about your use of IBM Cloud services to enable product features to operate, improve your user experience, tailor our interactions with you, inform our clients on the overall use of the services, provide support and improve and develop our products and services.
For details regarding the technologies we employ, the personal information we collect, as well as how to control or block tracking or to delete cookies, please refer to the IBM Online Privacy Statement.

Contacting employees of our clients, prospects, partners and suppliers
In our relationship with clients or prospects, partners and suppliers, they also provide us with business contact information (such as name, business contact details, position or title of their employees, contractors, advisors and authorized users) for purposes such as contract management, fulfillment, delivery of products and services, provision of support, invoicing and management of the services or the relationship.

Visitor information
We register individuals visiting our sites and locations (name, identification and business contact information) and use camera supervision for reasons of security and safety of persons and belongings, as well as for regulatory purposes.

Marketing
Most information we collect about you comes from our direct interactions with you.
When you register for an event we may collect information (online or offline) in relation to the event organization, and during an event, such as participation in sessions and survey results.
We combine the personal information we collect to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence for conducting our business and for marketing purposes.
You can choose to receive information by email, telephone or postal mail about our products and services, or sign-up for subscriptions.
When visiting our websites or using our services we may provide you with personalized information.
You can always opt-out from receiving personalized communication by sending an e-mail to NETSUPP@us.ibm.com.
More information can be found in the IBM Online Privacy Statement.

Where we reference that we use your personal information in connection with a request, order, transaction or agreement (or preparing for the same), or to provide you with services that you requested (such as a website), we do this because it is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you.
Where we reference that we use your personal information in relation to marketing, improvement or development of our products or services, for reasons of safety and security, or regulatory requirements other than in connection with your agreement or request, we do this on the basis of our or a third party’s legitimate interests, or with your consent.
When we collect and use your personal information subject to the EU Privacy Legislation this may have consequences for Your Rights. Sharing of Personal Information As a global organization offering a wide range of products and services, with business processes, management structures and technical systems that cross borders, IBM has implemented global policies, along with standards and procedures, for consistent protection of personal information.
As a global company, we may share information about you with our subsidiaries world-wide and transfer it to countries in the world where we do business in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Between IBM controlled subsidiaries we only grant access to personal information on a need-to-know basis, necessary for the purposes for which such access is granted.
In some cases, IBM uses suppliers located in various countries to collect, use, analyze, and otherwise process personal information on its behalf.
Where appropriate, IBM may also share your personal information with selected partners to help us provide you, or the company you work for, products or services, or to fulfill your requests, or with your consent.
When selecting our suppliers and partners, we take into account their data handling processes.
If IBM decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries, such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or the receipt of such information from sellers.
It is IBM's practice to require appropriate protection for personal information in these types of transactions.
Please be aware that in certain circumstances, personal information may be subject to disclosure to government agencies pursuant to judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.
We may also share your personal information to protect the rights or property of IBM, our business partners, suppliers or clients, and others when we have reasonable grounds to believe that such rights or property have been or could be affected. International Transfers The international footprint of IBM involves a large number of transfers of personal information between different subsidiaries, as well as to third parties located in the countries where we do business.
Some countries have implemented transfer restrictions for personal information, in connection with which IBM takes various measures, including:

Where required, IBM implements Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the EU Commission, or similar contractual clauses in other jurisdictions.
This includes transfers to suppliers or other third parties.
You can request a copy of the EU Standard Contractual Clauses here.
IBM certified to the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules.
IBM certified to the EU-U.S.
and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Frameworks.
More information can be found here.

Back to top Information Security and Accuracy We intend to protect your personal information and to maintain its accuracy.
IBM implements reasonable physical, administrative and technical safeguards to help us protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use and disclosure.
For example, we encrypt certain sensitive personal information such as credit card information when we transmit such information over the Internet.
We also require that our suppliers protect such information from unauthorized access, use and disclosure. Retention Period We will not retain personal information longer than necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is processed, including the security of our processing complying with legal and regulatory obligations (e.g.
audit, accounting and statutory retention terms), handling disputes, and for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims in the countries where we do business.
Because the circumstances may vary depending on the context and the services, the information provided in Online Privacy Statement or provided in a specific notice may provide more detailed information on applicable retention terms. How to contact us If you have a question related to this Privacy Statement, please contact us by using this form.
Your message will be forwarded to the appropriate member of IBM's Data Privacy Team, such as Data Protection Officers or members of their teams.
For the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the controller of your personal information is International Business Machines Corporation (IBM Corp.), 1 New Orchard Road, Armonk, New York, United States, unless indicated otherwise.
Where IBM Corp.
or a subsidiary it controls (not established in the European Economic Area (EEA)) is required to appoint a legal representative in the EEA, the representative for all such cases is IBM United Kingdom Limited, PO Box 41, North Harbour, Portsmouth, Hampshire, United Kingdom PO6 3AU.
IBM Corp.
is not the controller in situations such as:

Personal information processed in connection with a contractual relationship, or with entering into a contractual relationship with a specific IBM subsidiary.
In this case the controller of personal information is the IBM contracting company, which is the legal entity with which you or your employer have, or will have, the contract.
Personal information collected on the physical site or location of an IBM subsidiary.
In this case that subsidiary is the controller of the personal information.
 Your Rights You can request to access, update or correct your personal information.
You also have the right to object to direct marketing.
You can access the request process here.
You may have additional rights pursuant to your local law applicable to the processing.
For example, if the processing of your personal information is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), and your personal information is processed based on legitimate interests, you have the right to object to the processing on grounds relating to your specific situation.
Under GDPR you may also have the right to request to have your personal information deleted or restricted and ask for portability of your personal information. Right to Lodge a Complaint In the event you consider our processing of your personal information not to be compliant with the applicable data protection laws, you can lodge a complaint:

Directly with IBM by using this form.
With the competent data protection authority.
The name and contact details of the Data Protection Authorities in the European Union can be found here.
Changes to our Privacy Statements From time to time we may update this Privacy Statement, as well as any other specific privacy statement.
When making changes to this Privacy Statement, we will add a new date at the top of this Privacy Statement.
Back to top How to contact us Questions about this Statement or about IBM's handling of your information may be sent to:
IBM Web site coordinator, or

IBM's Corporate Privacy Office
1 New Orchard Road
Armonk, NY 10540
U.S.A.
If you do not want to receive future marketing communications from IBM, including subscriptions, please send an email to NETSUPP@us.ibm.com. Other useful privacy links IBM Mobile Application Privacy Statement
IBM Privacy Shield Privacy Policy for Certified IBM Cloud Services
IBM Controller Binding Corporate Rules 
