
Coinbase Markets Trading Rules
Coinbase Markets is Coinbase's set of limit order books that are accessed by clients through the Coinbase Pro and Coinbase Prime trading platforms.
The following set of Trading Rules governs orders placed via these trading platforms.
1.
Trading on Coinbase Pro and Coinbase Prime
1.1 Coinbase operates a central limit order book trading platform, and settles trades in a number of Digital Asset and Fiat Currency Trading Pairs.
Each Trader’s Account will list which Order Books are available to the Trader.
1.2 Orders
1.21 To place an Order on an Order Book, a Trader must have an Available Balance of the relevant Asset in their Account which is sufficient to cover the total value of the Order plus any applicable fees.
1.22 When a Trader places an Order, that quantity of the relevant Asset becomes subject to a Hold.
1.23 A Trader can place an Order as either a Limit Order, a Market Order, or a Stop Order.
1.24 A Trader may cancel an open Maker Order or Stop Order at any time before it is Filled.
No fees are charged for canceled Orders.
1.3 Limit Orders
1.31 A Limit Order is an Order to buy or sell a specified quantity of an Asset at a specified price.
1.32 A Limit Order will only ever Fill at the specified price or a better price.
1.33 A Limit Order with ‘post-only’ selected will only be posted to the Order Book if it would not be posted at the same price as an existing Order on the Order Book.
A Limit Order with ‘post-only’ selected will always be a Maker Order.
1.34 A Limit Order without ‘post-only’ selected will be immediately posted to the Order Book (subject to any Time in Force Instructions) and can result in a Maker Order or a Taker Order, or an Order that is partially a Maker Order and partially a Taker Order.
1.35 Limit Orders may be placed with one of the following Time in Force Instructions.

Good til canceled: if posted, the Order will remain on the Order Book until canceled by the Trader.
This is the default Time in Force Instruction.
Immediate or Cancel: the Order will only be posted to the Order Book to the extent that it would be immediately Filled.
any remaining quantity is canceled.
This results in a Taker Order.
Fill or Kill: the Order will only be posted to the Order Book if it would be immediately and completely Filled.
This results in a Taker Order.

1.4 Market Orders
1.41 A Market Order is an Order to buy or sell a specified quantity of an Asset at the best available price of existing Orders on the Order Book.
1.42 There is no guarantee that a Market Order will Fill at the price specified.
A Market Order may Fill at a number of different prices, based on the quantity of the Market Order and the quantities of the existing Orders on the Order Book at the time.
1.43 Depending on the volume and prices of Orders on the Order Book at the time when a Market Order is posted, the Market Order may Fill at a price less favorable than the most recent trade price, in some cases significantly so.
This is commonly referred to as ‘slippage’.
1.44 A valid Market Order will be immediately posted to the Order Book.
A Market Order is always a Taker Order.
1.45 Market Orders are subject to a 10% protection point.
Market orders will fill at prices up to 10% from the price of the first execution of the Market Order at the time the order was placed.
If a Market Order would fill against orders beyond the protection point, the Order will partially fill up to the 10% price level and the matching engine will cancel all remaining portions of the Order.
This is not applicable to Limit Orders.
1.5 Stop Orders
1.51 A Stop Order is an instruction to post an Order to buy or sell a specified quantity of an Asset but only if and when the last trade price on the Order Book equals or surpasses the Stop Price.
1.52 Once a Stop Order has been placed, it is considered ‘active’ until it executes by posting the relevant Order when the Stop Price is triggered.
1.53 A Stop Order is not posted to the Order Book and is not visible to other Traders, but any resulting Order is posted and visible.
All Stop Orders are placed without 'post-only' enabled.
1.54 A Stop Order must be placed as a Stop Limit Order which posts a Limit Order when the Stop Price is triggered.
1.55 A Stop Limit Order is not guaranteed to Fill.
The Web Interface will display a warning each time a Trader attempts to place a Stop Order.
1.56 Stop Orders may be placed with one of the following Time in Force Instructions.

Good til canceled: if posted, the Order will remain on the Order Book until canceled by the Trader.
This is the default Time in Force Instruction.
Good til time: if posted, the Order will remain on the order book until a certain time is reached or the Order is canceled by the trader.

Warnings
The Web Interface will display a warning to Traders who attempt to place an Order which would completely or partially fill at a price which is more than 2% away from the last trade price (slippage warning).
1.6 Posting of Orders to the Order Book
1.61 (Taker Order) If an Order is posted to the Order Book at the same price as one or more existing Orders, it is a Taker Order which will result in an immediate Fill at that price, to the extent of the total quantity of those existing Orders.
1.62 (Maker Order) To the extent that an Order is posted to the Order Book at a different price to all existing Orders, it is a Maker Order which will remain open at that price on the Order Book until:

It is canceled by the Trader;
It expires due to a Time in Force Instruction.
or
It is completely Filled by one or more Taker Orders placed by another Trader at the same price.

Order Minimums
1.63 Order Minimums:
All Orders placed on Coinbase Markets are subject to the following minimum order sizes: Currency
Minimum BTC
0.001 BCH
0.01 ETH
0.01 MKR
0.01 ZEC
0.01 EOS
0.1 ETC
0.1 LTC
0.1 REP
0.1 BAT
1 CVC
1 DAI
1 DNT
1 GNT
1 LOOM
1 MANA
1 XLM
1 XRP
1 ZIL
1 ZRX
1 USD
10 EUR
10 GBP
10 USDC
10 1.64 Limit Order Minimums:
Order minimums for Limit Orders are enforced on the base currency.
For example, the ETH-BTC book has a minimum order size of 0.01 ETH, and the BTC-USD book has a minimum order size of 0.001 BTC.
1.65 Market Order Minimums:
Order minimums for Market Orders are enforced as follows:

Buy Orders - order minimums are enforced on the quote currency.
For example, the ETH-USD book has a minimum size of 10 USD.
Sell Orders - order minimums are enforced in the base currency.
For example, the BTC-USD book has a minimum size of 0.001 BTC.

1.66 Order Maximums:
All Orders placed on Coinbase Markets are subject to the following maximum order sizes: Book
Base Currency
Quote Currency BCH-EUR
100
300,000 BCH-BTC
400
60 BCH-USD
700
500,000 BCH-GBP
250
500,000 BTC-EUR
200
600,000 BTC-GBP
80
200,000 BTC-USD
280
1,000,000 EOS-BTC
20,000
30 EOS-EUR
20,000
100,000 EOS-USD
20,000
100,000 ETC-BTC
5,000
30 ETC-EUR
20,000
100,000 ETC-USD
20,000
100,000 ETH-BTC
2400
80 ETH-EUR
1600
400,000 ETH-USD
2800
1,000,000 ETH-GBP
1400
1,000,000 LTC-BTC
8,000
120 LTC-EUR
1,000
250,000 LTC-USD
4,000
250,000 LTC-GBP
1,000
250,000 MKR-BTC
1,000
30 REP-BTC
5,000
20 REP-EUR
10,000
100,000 REP-USD
10,000
100,000 XLM-BTC
600,000
50 XLM-EUR
600,000
100,000 XLM-USD
600,000
100,000 XRP-BTC
500,000
30 XRP-EUR
500,000
100,000 XRP-USD
500,000
100,000 ZRX-BTC
600,000
60 ZRX-EUR
600,000
100,000 ZRX-USD
600,000
100,000 BTC-USDC
280
1,000,000 ETH-USDC
2800
1,000,000 BAT-USDC
800,000
100,000 CVC-USDC
2,000,000
100,000 DNT-USDC
10,000,000
100,000 DAI-USDC
100,000
100,000 GNT-USDC
1,500,000
100,000 LOOM-USDC
2,500,000
100,000 MANA-USDC
2,800,000
100,000 MKR-USDC
1,000
100,000 ZEC-USDC
5,000
250,000 ZIL-USDC
5,000,000
100,000 For example: on the ETH-BTC Order Book, orders denominated in ETH will be subject to a 2400 ETH maximum, orders denominated in BTC will be subject to a 80 BTC maximum.
1.67 - Updating Order Minimums and Maximums
Coinbase Markets will periodically update these Order Minimums and Order Maximums to reflect the current state of our marketplace and the notional value of the assets.
1.7 Matching Engine and Order Priority
1.71 Coinbase Markets matches Taker Orders with Open Maker Orders on each Order Book based on Price-Time Priority.
1.72 Price-Time Priority means that each time a Taker Order is posted:
The Taker Order is matched with the earliest in time Maker Order at the best price on the Order Book.
and
To the extent that the Taker Order is not completely Filled by that Maker Order, it is matched with any subsequent Maker Orders at that price, in the sequence those Maker Orders were posted.
and
To the extent that the Taker Order is not completely Filled by one or more Maker Orders described above, it is matched with one or more Maker Orders at the next best price, in the sequence those Maker Orders were posted, and this process is repeated until the Taker Order is completely Filled.
1.73 All Traders on accessing Coinbase Markets are subject to the same Price-Time Priority.
1.74 Subject to Time in Force Instructions, an Order may be matched with a number of corresponding Orders at the same price.
1.75 Taker Orders are matched with the best available existing Maker Orders.
This means that a Limit Order placed outside the market (i.e.
a sell Order below the highest existing buy Order, or a buy Order above the lowest existing Sell Order) will be Filled by the best available existing Order rather than an existing Order with the same price as the Limit Order.
1.8 Fills and Settlement
1.81 When a Maker Order is matched with a Taker Order, those Orders are Filled.
An Order may be matched with and Filled by one or more Orders at the same price.
1.82 Coinbase Markets settles all Filled Orders immediately, by debiting and crediting the relevant balances of Assets in both Traders’ Accounts.
1.83 Subject to daily withdrawal limits a Trader may immediately withdraw all Assets in their Account.
1.9 Trading Fees
1.91 Coinbase Pro and Coinbase Prime charge a Maker fee for each Maker Order and a Taker fee for each Taker Order that is posted to the Order Book.
The fee is charged in the Quote Asset and is calculated as a percentage of the Order quantity.
1.92 A fee is charged by debiting the Trader’s Available Balance for the amount of the fee at the time that the Order is posted.
1.93 If an Order is posted to the Order Book partially as a Maker Order and partially as a Taker Order, a Maker fee applies to the portion posted as a Maker Order and a Taker fee applies to the portion posted as a Taker Order.
1.94 Fees may vary between Order Books.
The current fee rates can be found at pro.coinbase.com/fees and prime.coinbase.com/fees.
1.95 Volume-based fee discounts are available to all traders based on trades over the trailing 30 day period across all order books.
2.
Market Integrity

All Trades are Final

2.1 All Fills are final and will not be reversed unless:

Coinbase is compelled to do so by any applicable law or regulation.
or
Due to a serious technical error, Orders or Fills do not occur as specified in these Rules - in which case Coinbase will make all reasonable efforts to restore all Traders to the position they would have been in had the error not occurred.

2.12 Coinbase may cancel Open Orders in the following circumstances:

Orders placed by Traders who, in our sole discretion, have engaged in abusive use of the platform, for example, Market Manipulation, or using the API in a manner which unreasonably burdens the platform.
Orders which under the circumstances involve an obvious error with respect to price, quantity, or other parameters - a ‘clearly erroneous transaction’.
If required by any applicable law or regulation, including specifically where Coinbase is required to suspend or terminate a Trader’s Coinbase Pro Account, Coinbase Prime Account or Coinbase Account.
If required for technical reasons.

2.2 Access to Coinbase Pro and Coinbase Prime
2.21 All Traders have equal access to the Coinbase APIs and Web Interfaces.
Coinbase does not provide prioritized access to any Trader.
2.22 Coinbase Market Operations has the authority to take any action deemed appropriate to preserve market integrity.
Such actions include, but are not limited to, the halting of trading, modifying risk-mitigating parameters, restricting Trader access to Coinbase Pro or Coinbase Prime, restricting order types to post-only or limit only, canceling orders resting in the order book, or any other actions deemed to be in the best interest of the Exchange.
2.3 Interruptions
2.31 If technical reasons prevent or degrade Traders’ ability to place or cancel Orders, or prevent or degrade access to Coinbase APIs or the Web Interfaces or affect the operation of Coinbase Markets Order Books or matching engines, then Coinbase may, in its discretion, take one or more of the following actions in respect of one or more Order Books;

Temporarily disable depositing or withdrawing Assets.
Cancel Open Orders.
Disable the ability to place new Orders (Cancel-Only Mode).
Disable sign-in.
Disable the Coinbase Pro or Prime APIs.
Disable access to the Web Interface.

2.32 If access to Coinbase Pro or Prime through the Web Interface is unavailable for 5 minutes or longer, Coinbase will move Coinbase Pro and Prime to Cancel-Only Mode as soon as possible.
2.33 If Coinbase Pro or Prime is in Cancel-only Mode, it will be restored to fully operational only after access through the Web Interface becomes available for at least 5 minutes and Coinbase deems is it safe to restore Coinbase Pro and Prime to fully operational.
2.34 Coinbase will notify Traders of the move to or from Cancel-Only Mode via @CoinbaseMarkets on Twitter or status.pro.coinbase.com and status.prime.coinbase.com
2.4 Self-trade Prevention
2.41 Traders are not able to place an Order which would result in self-execution—i.e., where the same Trader would act as both the maker and taker for the trade.
2.42 If two Orders of the same quantity would result in self-execution, both Orders are canceled.
2.43 If two Orders of different quantities would result in self-execution, the smaller Order is canceled and the larger order is decremented by an amount equivalent to the smaller quantity.
The remainder of the larger order remains Open.
2.5 Flash Crashes and Circuit Breakers
2.51 Coinbase Markets does not use circuit breakers or automated trading halts based on predetermined price bands.
As provided in Section 2.22 and 2.31, Coinbase Markets Market Operations may, in its discretion, halt trading.
2.6 Market Manipulation Prohibited
2.61 Traders are prohibited from engaging in Market Manipulation.
2.62 Market Manipulation of any kind is strictly prohibited.
Market Manipulation is defined as actions taken by any market participant or a person acting in concert with a participant which are intended to:

Deceive or mislead other Traders;
Artificially control or manipulate the price or trading volume of an Asset.
or
Aid, abet, enable, finance, support, or endorse either of the above.
This may include actions on Coinbase Pro/Prime and/or outside of Coinbase Pro/Prime.

2.63 Market Manipulation specifically includes, without limitation: front-running, wash trading, spoofing, layering, churning, and quote stuffing.
3.
Access to Information
3.1 All Traders have full and equal real-time access to Market Data.
Market Data is made available through the Web Interface or the Coinbase Pro or Prime APIs.
3.12 Market Data comprises the following:

All Limit Orders placed on the Order Book (price, quantity, and time).
All canceled Orders on the Order Book (price, quantity, and time).
All Fills or Executions (price, quantity, and time).

3.13 Market Data does not include the following:

Resting Stop Orders (Stop Orders that have been placed but not triggered)
Any information about which Trader placed or canceled an order.

3.2 Coinbase Corporate Operations
3.21 Coinbase, Inc., which owns and operates Coinbase Pro and Prime, also trades its own corporate funds on Coinbase Pro and Prime.
3.22 Coinbase does not have any special priority and is subject to the same Price/Time/Priority and fee structure as all other Traders.
3.23 The Coinbase application which trades on Coinbase Markets only trades based on Market Data and does not have access to inside information.
It does not engage in any front-running.
3.3 Coinbase Employee Access
3.31 Coinbase policies prohibit all Coinbase employees from using inside, corporate or proprietary information to trade Digital Assets.
3.32 Coinbase Employees are required to trade Coinbase supported assets on Coinbase products (either Coinbase Consumer or Pro), subject to Coinbase’s employee trading policy and trade surveillance program.
4.
Scheduled Downtime
4.1 From time to time, Coinbase Pro or Prime may suspend trading temporarily for maintenance or upgrades.
Absent extenuating circumstances, Coinbase Pro and Prime will follow this process for closing and re-opening trading;

Step 1: Announce Scheduled Downtime

Announce scheduled downtime via status.pro.coinbase.com, status.prime.coinbase.com, or twitter


Step 2: Scheduled Downtime Begins

Step 3: Immediately after Scheduled Downtime is Completed

All books enter Post-Only mode
Announce the above via status.pro.coinbase.com or status.prime.coinbase.com
To ensure a fair and orderly marketplace, Coinbase Market Operations may in its discretion cancel all resting limit orders in an order book before moving the market to post-only mode or to limit-only mode


Step 4: At least 1 minutes after Step 3.
or longer if necessary

All books enter Limit-Only mode
Announce the above via status.pro.coinbase.com, status.prime.coinbase.com, or twitter


Step 5: At least 10 minutes after Step 4.
or longer if necessary

All books enter Full-trading mode
Announce the above via status.pro.coinbase.com

5.
Definitions
In these Coinbase Markets Trading Rules, the following words and phrases have the corresponding meanings.


Account means a Trader’s Coinbase Pro or Prime Account.

Asset means a Digital Asset or Fiat Currency.

Available Balance means a Trader’s Total Asset Value less any amounts held for Open Orders and fees.

Base Asset means the Asset being traded on the Order Book.
the first Asset in the Trading Pair.
For example, on the BTC-USD Order Book, BTC is the Base Asset and USD is the Quote Asset.

Cancel-only Mode means that Traders cannot place new Orders.
Traders are able to cancel open Orders.
No Orders will be filled.

Digital Asset means a blockchain-based digital currency, app coin or protocol token which is offered for trading on Coinbase Pro or Prime.

Fiat Currency means a government-issued currency.

Fill means a match of two Orders.
Also referred to as an execution.

Full Trading Mode means normal operation of Coinbase Pro and Prime.
Traders can place Market Orders and Limit orders and can cancel Orders.
​

Hold means the setting aside of Assets allocated to an Order.

Limit Order means an Order to buy or sell a specified quantity of an Asset at a specified price.

Limit-only Mode means that Traders can only place and cancel Limit Orders but any Market Order will be rejected.
During this mode, Limit Orders can be filled.

Market Order means an Order to buy or sell a specified quantity of an Asset at the best available price of existing Orders on the Order Book.

Order means an instruction to buy or sell a specified quantity of the Base Asset at a specified price in the Quote Asset.

Order Book means each order book on which Orders are placed for trading in a Trading Pair.

Open Order means a Maker Order which has been posted but not Filled, canceled or expired, or a Stop Order which is currently active.

Post-only Mode means that Traders can only place an Order if it would be posted to the Order Book as a Maker Order.
An Order which would be posted as a Taker Order will be rejected.
No Market Orders may be placed and no Orders will be filled.
Resting orders may be canceled in post-only mode.

Price-Time Priority means that earlier in time Orders have priority over later Orders.
See sections 1.23 and 1.24.

Quote Asset means the Asset in which trading is denominated on the Order Book.
the second Asset in the Trading Pair.
For example, on the BTC/USD Order Book, BTC is the Base Asset and USD is the Quote Asset.

Scheduled Downtime means a planned temporary outage for maintenance or upgrades.
See section 4.

Stop Order means an instruction to post an Order to buy or sell a specified quantity of an Asset but only if and when the last trade price on the Order Book equals or surpasses the Stop Price.

Stop Price means the price specified in a Stop Order.

Total Asset Value means the gross value of all of a Trader’s Assets for the relevant Order Book, expressed in the Quote Asset based on the last trade price.
This includes all Assets allocated to Open Orders.

Trader means each customer trading on Coinbase Pro and Prime.
Trading Halt means that Traders cannot place or cancel any Orders.

Trading Pair means each pair of a Base Asset and a Quote Asset offered on Coinbase Pro and Prime.
Web Interface means the user interface available through https://pro.coinbase.com and https://prime.coinbase.com.

 
MARKET DATA TERMS OF USE
Please carefully read the entirety of these Terms.
By accessing or using Coinbase Pro Market Data, you agree to be bound by these Terms, including all amendments and updates made between your initial acceptance of these Terms and any future access or use.
If you do not agree to these Terms, do not access or use the Coinbase Pro Market Data.
These Market Data Terms of Use (the "Terms") are entered into between you and Coinbase, Inc.
("Coinbase") and govern your use of Market Data.
For purposes of these Terms, "Market Data" means all data related to trading activity on Coinbase Pro (a digital asset exchange platform provided by Coinbase) made available to you through Coinbase Pro's application programming interface(s) (the "Coinbase Pro API"), which may include, without limitation, the prices and quantities of orders and transactions executed on Coinbase Pro.
You represent and warrant that you are of legal age to enter into a binding agreement and are otherwise legally able and competent to enter into and carry out these Terms.
If you are using Market Data on behalf of any entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to enter into these Terms on such entity's behalf, and that such entity agrees to be responsible to Coinbase if you or that entity violates these Terms.



Different Data Packages. Coinbase may offer different datafeeds, tiers, or packages of Market Data from time to time.
Please see Market Data API docs for more information about available Market Data packages.
Please verify the scope and type of Market Data in your package before using it.



Permission to Use Market Data. Subject to the restrictions set forth below and all other terms of this Agreement, Coinbase hereby grants you a worldwide, royalty-free, revocable, nonexclusive, nontransferable, non-sublicensable, limited license, solely for your internal purposes and in accordance with applicable law, to use, copy, store, and create derivative works (such as charts, analytics and digital asset orders), from Market Data.



Restrictions and Responsibilities. Absent prior express written consent from Coinbase, you may not:

Alter, manipulate, or misrepresent Market Data, or present Market Data in a false or misleading light;
Redistribute, display, or disseminate the Market Data—or any data, charts, analytics, research, or other works based on, referring to, or derived from the Market Data ("Derived Works")—to any third party;
Use Market Data or authorized Derived Works, directly or indirectly, to create any of the following Derived Works, whether for internal use or otherwise: (i) indexes, fixings, or other benchmarks.
(ii) generic or fair value prices.
or (iii) valuations of Digital Currencies, digital tokens, securities, or financial derivatives (whether for purposes of settlement or otherwise).
or
Use any Market Data or Derived Work (understanding, for clarity, that"Derived Works" includes combinations of Market Data or Derived Works with one or more other benchmarks or indexes) as a benchmark.
Use "as a benchmark" includes, without limitation:

Issuance of a financial instrument which references Market Data or a Derived Work.
or
Determination of the amount payable under a financial instrument or a financial contract by referencing Market Data or a Derived Work.
or
Being a party to a financial contract which references Market Data or a Derived Work.
or
Providing a borrowing rate calculated as a spread or mark-up over Market Data or a Derived Work and that is used as a reference in a financial contract to which the creditor is a party.
or
Measuring the performance of an investment fund through Market Data or a Derived Work for the purpose of tracking the same, of defining the asset allocation of a portfolio, or of computing performance fees.






Ownership and Proprietary Rights.



Market Data. You acknowledge that as between Coinbase and you, the Market Data and all rights in the Market Data (including all copyrights, database rights, and all other proprietary rights) are exclusively the property of Coinbase.
In addition and independently of the foregoing, you acknowledge that the Market Data is the product of substantial expenditure by Coinbase of labor, skill, and money, and your use of Market Data in contravention of these Terms would misappropriate the benefits of those expenditures.
Coinbase reserves all rights in the Market Data not expressly granted in these Terms.
At the request and expense of Coinbase, you agree that you will take all reasonable steps, such as the execution of written documents, that may be necessary to protect, perfect, and enforce Coinbase's rights in the Market Data.

Equitable Relief. Without limiting any other rights of Coinbase under these Terms, the parties recognize that a breach of the restrictions applicable herein to the use of Market Data would give rise to irreparable injury to Coinbase such that monetary damages alone would not be an adequate remedy.
You and Coinbase agree that in the event of such a breach, Coinbase will be entitled to equitable relief, including in the form of injunctive relief, and you hereby waive any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond or the showing that actual monetary damages will not afford an adequate remedy in connection with seeking such relief.




Changes to Market Data and Suspension of Access. Coinbase may from time to time, without notice and in its sole discretion, withdraw, suspend, or change the Market Data or your access to the Market Data.
You agree that Coinbase has no obligation to provide the Market Data to you and will not be liable if any Market Data is unavailable or changes for any reason.



Changes to Terms. Coinbase may modify these Terms from time to time in its discretion.
It is your responsibility to monitor updates to these Terms.
Your continued use of Market Data signifies your agreement to any such updates.
If you do not agree, you may not continue to use Market Data.



Disclaimers. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law:

The Market Data is provided "as is" and "as available", and Coinbase hereby disclaims all warranties, express, statutory, or implied (including, without limitation, implied warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and all warranties arising from course of dealing, usage or trade practice).
for clarity and without limiting the foregoing, Coinbase makes no guarantees regarding the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, security, availability, or integrity of the Market Data or that the Market Data will be uninterrupted or operate in combination with any software, service, system, or other data.
You access and use the Market Data entirely at your sole risk, and Coinbase will not be responsible for any actions you take based on the Market Data.




Indemnification. To the maximum extent permitted by law, you must indemnify and hold harmless Coinbase, its affiliates, and its and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents ("Coinbase Protected Parties") against all liabilities, costs, damages, and expenses arising out of or relating to your use of Market Data, including damages arising directly from your act or omission (including without limitation breach of these Terms) as well as judgments, settlements, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and legal costs) arising from a threatened or actual suit, investigation, proceeding, or other claim between you and a Coinbase Protected Party or between a third party and a Coinbase Protected Party arising out of or relating to your use of Market Data.
Coinbase may control the defense of any such Claim, at your cost and expense, and you will provide Coinbase any assistance that Coinbase reasonably requests in defending any such Claim.



Limitation of Liability. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Coinbase Protected Parties will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind—including lost profits or trading losses—related to the market data or these Terms, irrespective of whether such damages arise from claims brought in contract, tort, negligence, warranty, strict liability, or any other theory at law or equity, and even if Coinbase has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will the Coinbase Protected Parties' aggregate liability arising out of or relating to these Terms or your use of Market Data exceed USD$1,000.
If any limitations in this paragraph are unenforceable as written in any instance, then such limitations will apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.



Rules of Construction. The words "include", "included", "includes" or "including" as used herein will be understood to be followed by the phrase "without limitation".
The word "all" includes "any" and the word "any" includes "all".
The words "herein" and "hereunder" refers to all of the Terms.
Unless context expressly requires otherwise, the conjunction "or" will be understood to mean "and/or".
The section headings in these Terms are inserted for convenience only and are not a part of the Terms and will not affect the meaning or interpretation of these Terms.



Entire Agreement. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Coinbase regarding the Market Data.
If you wish to modify these Terms, any amendment must be provided to Coinbase in writing and signed by an authorized representative of Coinbase.



Information for California Residents. If you have a question, complaint, or otherwise wish to contact us regarding the Market Data or these Terms, please contact us at: marketdata@coinbase.com.
The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted by mail at Department of Consumer Affairs Consumer Information Division, 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834 or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.



Choice of Law. You agree that the laws of the State of New York--without regard to any of its choice-of-law principles that would apply the substantive laws of any other jurisdiction--will govern these Terms and any claim or dispute that may arise between you and Coinbase, except to the extent governed by federal law.



Arbitration.
Waiver of Class Action. If you have a dispute with Coinbase, we will attempt to resolve any such disputes through our support team.
If we cannot resolve the dispute through our support team, you and Coinbase agree that any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled in binding arbitration, on an individual basis, in accordance with the American Arbitration Association's rules for arbitration of consumer-related disputes (accessible at https://www.adr.org/sites/default/files/Consumer%20Rules.pdf) and you and Coinbase hereby expressly waive trial by jury and right to participate in a class action lawsuit or class-wide arbitration, except that each party retains the right: (i) to bring an individual action in small claims court and (ii) to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement or misappropriation of a party's proprietary rights, including copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, database rights, patents, and fruits of labor, skill, or money protected under common law principles of unfair competition.
The arbitration will be conducted by a single, neutral arbitrator and shall take place in the county or parish in which you reside, or another mutually agreeable location, in the English language.
The arbitrator may award any relief that a court of competent jurisdiction could award, including attorneys' fees when authorized by law, and the arbitral decision may be enforced in any court.
At your request, hearings may be conducted in person or by telephone and the arbitrator may provide for submitting and determining motions on briefs, without oral hearings.
The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys' fees.
If the arbitrator or arbitration administrator would impose filing fees or other administrative costs on you, we will reimburse you, upon request, to the extent such fees or costs would exceed those that you would otherwise have to pay if you were proceeding instead in a court.
We will also pay additional fees or costs if required to do so by the arbitration administrator's rules or applicable law.
Apart from the foregoing, each party will be responsible for any other fees or costs, such as attorney fees that the party may incur.



Compliance with Laws. You must comply with all laws in using the Market Data and you will reasonably cooperate with us to enable us to comply with applicable laws, and any governmental, regulatory or other investigations, audits, or proceedings related to the Market Data.



Assignment and Delegation. You may not assign or delegate any of your rights or obligations under these Terms to anyone without Coinbase's prior written consent, and any assignment in violation of this paragraph will be null and void.
Coinbase may freely assign its rights or delegate its obligations under this Agreement, including in connection with any merger, acquisition or asset sale.
Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of You and Coinbase, and your and Coinbase's respective successors and permitted assigns.



Severability. In the event any part of these Terms is deemed unenforceable, you and Coinbase authorize a court of competent jurisdiction to make the modifications that are necessary to comply with existing law, in a manner most closely representing the original intent of Coinbase and you as expressed in these Terms.


 
COINBASE COOKIE POLICY

Effective Date: March 13, 2018

This Cookie Policy explains how Coinbase, Inc.
and its group companies
("Coinbase", "we", "us" and "our") use cookies and similar technologies
when you visit our websites located at coinbase.com and pro.coinbase.com, or any
other websites, pages, features, or content we own or operate
(collectively, the "Site(s)"), when you use the Coinbase mobile app,
and/or interact with Coinbase online advertisements or marketing emails
(collectively the "Services").
It explains what these technologies are
and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
In some cases, we may use cookies and similar technologies to collect
personal information, or information that becomes personal information
if we combine it with other information.
In such cases the Coinbase
Privacy Policy or the CB Payments and Coinbase UK Privacy
Policy will apply in addition to this Cookie Policy.
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other
technologies, please email us at privacy@coinbase.com.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are small files, typically of letters and numbers, downloaded
onto your computer or mobile device when you visit certain websites.
When you return to these websites, or visit other websites that use the
same cookies, the websites recognize these cookies and your browsing
device.
A cookie cannot read data off your hard drive or read cookie
files created by other websites.
Cookies set by the website operator are called "first party cookies".
Cookies set by parties other than the website operator are called "third
party cookies".
The parties that set third party cookies can recognize
your computer both when it visits the Coinbase website and when it
visits certain other websites and/or mobile apps.
We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as
non‚Äëpersonal information.
However, to the extent that IP addresses or
similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we
also treat these identifiers as personal information.
If we combine
non-personal information with personal information, the combined
information will be treated as personal information for as long as it
remains combined.
More information on cookies and their use can be found at
www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?
When you access our Services, we or companies we work with may place
cookies on your computer or other device.
These technologies help us
better understand user behavior, and inform us about which parts of our
websites people have visited.
We use first party and third party cookies to recognize you as a
Coinbase customer, customize Coinbase Services, content, and
advertising, to measure promotional effectiveness, and to collect
information about your computer or other access device to mitigate risk,
help prevent fraud, and promote trust and safety.
We may place cookies from third-party service providers who may use
information about your visits to other websites to target advertisements
for products and services available from Coinbase.
We do not control the
types of information collected and stored by these third-party cookies.
You should check the third-party's website for more information on how
they use cookies.
The following are some examples of non-personal information that we
collect and how we may use it:


We may collect and store details of how you use our Services.
Except
in limited instances to ensure quality of our Services over the
Internet, such information will not be associated with your
IP address.


We may collect information such as your language, zip code, area
code, unique device identifier, referrer URL, location, and the time
zone so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve
our Services.


We may collect information regarding customer activities on our
website, which is used to understand which parts of our Sites and
Services are of most interest.
This data is aggregated, and thus is
considered non‚Äëpersonal information for the purposes of this
Privacy Policy.


WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?
We use the following types of cookies:


Strictly Necessary Cookies



These cookies are essential because they enable you to move around our
Services and use certain features on our Services.
For example,
strictly necessary cookies allow you to access secure areas.
Without
these cookies, some Services cannot be provided.



Performance/Analytics Cookies



These cookies collect information about how you use a website.
For
example, a performance/analytics cookie will collect information about
which pages you go to most often, how much time you spend on that
page, or if you get error messages from certain pages.
These cookies
do not gather information that identifies you.
The information these
cookies collect is anonymous and is only used to improve how our
Services work.



Functionality Cookies



These cookies allow us to remember the choices you make and to tailor
our Services so we can provide relevant content to you.
For example, a
functionality cookie can remember your preferences (e.g., country or
language selection), or your username.
Session Cookies.
We use session
cookies when you access our website or content.
Session cookies expire
and no longer have any effect when you log out of your account or
close your browser.

HOW LONG WILL COOKIES STAY ON MY BROWSING DEVICE?
The length of time a cookie will stay on your browsing device depends on
whether it is a "persistent" or "session" cookie.
Session cookies will
only stay on your device until you stop browsing.
Persistent cookies
stay on your browsing device until they expire or are deleted (i.e.
after you have finished browsing).
WHAT OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES DOES COINBASE USE?
In addition to cookies, we may use other similar technologies, like web
beacons to track users of our Services.
Web beacons, or "clear gifs,"
are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to
cookies.
They are used to track the online movements of web users.
In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive
or device, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about
the size of the period at the end of this sentence.
We and our
third-party service provider employ web beacons for the reasons stated
above (under "Cookies"), but primarily to help us better manage content
on our Services by informing us which content is effective.
We may also use so-called "Flash Cookies" (also known as "Local Shared
Objects or "LSOs") to collect and store information about your use of
our services, fraud prevention and for other site operations.
DOES COINBASE USE ADVERTISING COOKIES?
Coinbase uses third party service providers to display advertising on
our Services and serve advertising on other third party sites that are
more relevant to you or your interests.
They are also used to limit the
number of times you see an advertisement, as well as help measure the
effectiveness of the advertising campaign.
They remember that you have
visited a website and this information may be shared with other
organizations, such as advertisers.
This means that after you have been
to our websites, you may see some advertisements about our Services
elsewhere on the Internet.
The information collected through this
process by the third party service providers does not enable us or them
to identify your name, contact details or other personal information
that directly identifies you unless you choose to provide these.
Such
advertising will only be delivered where permitted by applicable law.
HOW TO MANAGE COOKIES, SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES AND TARGETED ONLINE MOBILE ADVERTISING
You have the right to decide whether to accept cookies.
You can exercise
your preferences in relation to cookies served on our Sites by taking
the steps outlined below.


Our Cookies (or, "First-Party Cookies"). You can use the browser
with which you are viewing this website to enable, disable or delete
cookies.
To do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser
(usually located within the "Help", "Tools" or "Edit" settings).
Please note, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not
be able to access secure areas of the Site.
Also, if you disable
cookies other parts of the Services may not work properly.
You can
find more information about how to change your browser cookie settings
at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.

Mobile Advertising: You can opt out of having your mobile
advertising identifiers used for certain types of advertising by
accessing the settings in mobile device and following the
instructions.
If you opt-out, we will remove all data about you and
will not collect any further data.
The random ID previously assigned
to you will be removed.
Thus, if at a later stage, you decide to
opt-in, we will be unable to continue and track you using the prior ID
and you will for all practical purposes be a new user.

Third-Party Cookies. To opt-out of third-party advertising
networks and similar entities that use targeting/advertising cookies,
go to
http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
Once you click the link, you may choose to opt-out of such advertising
from all participating advertising companies or only advertising
provided by specific advertising entities.
For more information about
third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these
technologies, please see
http://www.aboutads.info/consumers.

Do Not Track: Some Internet browsers - like Internet Explorer,
Firefox, and Safari - include the ability to transmit "Do Not Track"
or "DNT" signals.
Since uniform standards for "DNT" signals have not
been adopted, our Sites do not currently process or respond to "DNT"
signals.

Flash Cookies. If you do not want Flash Cookies stored on your
computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block
Flash Cookies storage using the tools contained in the website storage
settings panel.
You can also control Flash Cookies by going to the
global storage settings panel and following the instructions.
Setting
the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash Cookies may
reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications,
including, potentially, Flash applications used in connection with our
services or online content.

WILL THIS COOKIE POLICY BE UPDATED?
We may update this Cookie Notice from time to time to reflect, for
example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal
or regulatory reasons.
If we do, you will be notified when you first
visit our website after the change.
You can also revisit this page if
you wish to keep yourself informed.
 
COINBASE PRIVACY POLICY

Last updated: May 16, 2018

Coinbase, Inc, ("Coinbase", "we", "us" and "our") respects and protects the privacy of visitors to our websites and our customers who use our services.
To ensure transparency this Privacy Policy describes our information handling practices when you access our website located at coinbase.com and pro.coinbase.com, or any other websites, pages, features, or content we own or operate (collectively, the "Site(s)") and/or when you use the Coinbase mobile app, any Coinbase or Coinbase Pro API or third party applications relying on such an API, and related services (referred to collectively hereinafter as "Services").
Please take a moment to read this Privacy Policy carefully.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact us at privacy@coinbase.com.
ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY
By accessing and using our Services, you signify acceptance to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described below.
If you do not agree with or you are not comfortable with any aspect of this Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue access or use of our Services.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, and when required by law, we will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on our Services prior to the change becoming effective.
Coinbase may provide additional "just-in-time" disclosures or additional information about the data collection, use and sharing practices of specific Services.
These notices may supplement or clarify Coinbase's privacy practices or may provide you with additional choices about how Coinbase processes your personal information.
THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Personal information is data that can be used to identify you directly or indirectly, or to contact you.
Our Privacy Policy covers all personal information that you voluntarily submit to us and that we obtain from our partners.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to anonymized data as it cannot be used to identify you.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, Coinbase will not give, sell, rent or loan any personal Information to any third party.
We collect personal information to provide you with our Services.
When we require certain personal information from users it is because we are required by applicable law to collect this information or it is relevant for specified purposes.
Any information you provide to us that is not required is voluntary.
You are free to choose whether to provide us with the types of personal information requested, but we may not be able to serve you as effectively or offer you all of our Services when you do choose not to share certain information with us.
For example, we collect personal information which is required under the law to open an account, add a payment method, or execute a transaction.
We also collect personal information when you use or request information about our Services, subscribe to marketing communications, request support, complete surveys, or sign up for a Coinbase event.
We may also collect personal information from you offline, such as when you attend one of our events, or when you contact customer support.
We may use this information in combination with other information we collect about you, as set forth in this Notice.
Here are some specific examples of the types of personal information Coinbase may collect and how we may use it:

 When you create an account or use Coinbase Services, we, or our affiliates vendors acting on our behalf may collect the following types of information to meet our legal obligations: your name, date of birth, social security number, driver number ID, personal ID, address, phone, email, full bank account details and/or credit card numbers that you link to your Coinbase account or input when you use Coinbase Services.
Coinbase will use this information to fulfill your requests and provide the relevant Services.
 If you seek permissions to raise Digital Currency buy and sell limits associated with your Coinbase Account, we may require you to provide additional information which we may use in collaboration with service providers acting on our behalf to verify your identity or address, and/or to manage risk as required under applicable law.
This information may include your date of birth, taxpayer or government identification number, a copy of your government-issued identification, or other personal information.
We may also obtain information about you from third parties such as credit bureaus and identity verification services.
 Whenever you contact us or respond to our communications (e.g., email, telephone, written), we receive your contact information and any other personal information you choose to provide us.
Coinbase will use such information to fulfill your requests or to provide services.
 You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by third parties such as social media sites (such as Facebook and Twitter).
The information we have access to varies by site and is controlled by your privacy settings on that site and your authorization.

In addition, we may collect personal information disclosed by you on our message boards, chat features, blogs and our other services to which you are able to post information and materials.
Any information that is disclosed in those forums becomes public information and may therefore appear in public ways, such as through search engines or other publicly available platforms, and may be "crawled" or searched by third parties.
It could also be read, collected or used by other users to send you unsolicited messages.
Please do not post any information that you do not want to reveal to the public at large.
HOW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS USED
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a secure, smooth, efficient, and customized experience.
In general, we use personal information to create, develop, operate, deliver, and improve our Services, content and advertising, and for loss prevention and anti-fraud purposes.
Examples of how we may use this information include:

 To comply with our legal obligations.
 To prevent and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and/or violations of our posted user terms.
 To process transactions and send notices about your transactions.
 To verify your identity by comparing your personal information against third-party databases.
 To send administrative or account-related information to you.
 To enforce our agreements with third parties.
 To resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems.
 For quality control and staff training.
 To enhance security, monitor and verify identity or service access, combat spam or other malware or security risks.
 To provide you with Coinbase Services and customer support that you request.
 To better understand our customers and end-users and the way they use and interact with Coinbase Services.
 To provide a personalized experience, and implement the preferences you request.
 To communicate with you about our events or our partner events.
 To customize, measure, and improve Coinbase Services and the content and layout of our website and applications.
 To deliver targeted marketing, service update notices, and promotional offers based on your communication preferences (where this in accordance with the law).

We will not use your personal information for purposes other than those purposes we have disclosed to you, without your permission.
From time to time we may request your permission to allow us to share your personal information with third parties.
You may opt out of having your personal information shared with third parties, or from allowing us to use your personal information for any purpose that is incompatible with the purposes for which we originally collected it or subsequently obtained your authorization.
If you choose to so limit the use of your personal information, certain features or Coinbase Services may not be available to you.
INFORMATION FROM THIRD PARTY SOURCES
From time to time, we may obtain information about you from third party sources as require or permitted by applicable law, such as public databases, credit bureaus, ID verification partners, resellers and channel partners, joint marketing partners, and social media platforms.
Public Databases, Credit Bureaus &amp.
ID Verification Partners
We obtain information about you from public databases and ID verification partners for purposes of verifying your identity.
ID verification partners use a combination of government records and publically available information about you to verify your identity.
Such information includes your name, address, job role, public employment profile, credit history, status on any sanctions lists maintained by public authorities, and other relevant data.
We obtain such information to comply with our legal obligations, such as anti-money laundering laws.
In some cases, we may process additional data about you based on public interest grounds to ensure our Services are not used fraudulently or for other illicit activities.
Resellers, Channel Partners, Joint Marketing Partners, and Social Media Platforms
We collect information about your publically available social media profile, interests or preferences, and page-view information from some business partners with which we operate co-branded services or joint offerings.
There are multiple purposes for collecting this information.
First, we process such information to better understand you and/or maintain and improve the accuracy of the records we hold about you as well as to position, promote or optimize our Services.
In addition, we may also use this information in conjunction with your browsing habits / preferences (as obtained from our data partners) and your contact details, professional information and Coinbase transaction history to deliver targeted advertising and marketing to you, where permitted by applicable law and in accordance with your advertising / marketing preferences.
Second, we also process such information to provide support to you as part of our contractual obligations to you.
Lastly, we process such information in the public interest because it helps us monitor, prevent and detect fraud.
Once we obtain such information from third parties, we do not subsequently share it with any other third parties except as described in this Policy.
This information is shared with Coinbase's processors and corporate group as necessary to perform the Services.
WHY WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH OTHER PARTIES
We take care to allow your personal information to be accessed only by those who really need to in order to perform their tasks and duties, and to share with third parties who have a legitimate purpose for accessing it.
Coinbase will never sell or rent your personal information.
We will only share your information in the following circumstances:&nbsp;

 We share your information with third party identity verification services in order to prevent fraud.
This allows Coinbase to confirm your identity by comparing the information you provide us to public records and other third party databases.
These service providers may create derivative data based on your personal information that can be used solely in connection with provision of identity verification and fraud prevention services.
 Coinbase may use Plaid Technologies, Inc.
("Plaid") to verify your bank account and confirm your bank account balance prior to approving a transaction.
Coinbase only shares your information with Plaid in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information shared with Plaid is treated by Plaid in accordance with its Privacy Policy, available at https://plaid.com/legal/.
 We may share your information with service providers under contract who help with parts of our business operations such as bill collection, marketing, and technology services.
Our contracts require these service providers to only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us, and prohibit them from selling your information to anyone else.
 We share your information with financial institutions with which we partner to process payments you have authorized.
 We may share your information with companies or other entities that we plan to merge with or be acquired by.
Should such a combination occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information.
You will receive prior notice of any change in applicable policies.
 We may share your information with companies or other entities that purchase Coinbase assets pursuant to a court-approved sale under U.S.
Bankruptcy law;
 We may share your information with law enforcement, and officials, or other third parties when we are compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order, or similar legal procedure, or when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity or to investigate violations of our User Agreement or any other applicable policies..

If you establish a Coinbase account indirectly on a third party website or via a third party application, any information that you enter on that website or application (and not directly on a Coinbase website) will be shared with the owner of the third party website or application and your information will be subject to their privacy policies.
HOW PERSONAL INFORMATION IS SHARED WITH THIRD-PARTY SITES AND SERVICES
If you use your Coinbase Account to transfer Digital Currency in connection with the purchase or sale of goods or services, we or you may also provide the seller with your shipping address, name, and/or email to help complete your transaction with the seller.
The seller is not allowed to use this information to market their services to you unless you have agreed to it.
If an attempt to transfer Digital Currency to your seller fails or is later invalidated, we may also provide your seller with details of the unsuccessful transfer.
To facilitate dispute resolutions, we may provide a buyer with the seller's address so that goods can be returned to the seller.
In connection with a Digital Currency transfer between you and a third party, including merchants, a third party may share information about you with us, such as your email address or mobile phone number which may be used to inform you that a transfer has been sent to or received from the third party.
We may use this information in connection with such transfers to confirm that you are a Coinbase customer, that Digital Currency transfers are enabled, and/or to notify you that you have received Digital Currency.
If you request that we validate your status as a Coinbase customer with a third party, we will do so.
You may also choose to send Digital Currency to or request Digital Currency from an email address.
In such cases, your user name will be displayed in an email message notifying the user of the designated email address of your action.&nbsp;
Please note that merchants you interact with may have their own privacy policies, and Coinbase is not responsible for their operations, including, but not limited to, their information practices.
Information collected by third parties, which may include such things as contact details or location data, is governed by their privacy practices.
We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties.
If you authorize one or more third-party applications to access your Coinbase Account, then information you have provided to Coinbase may be shared with those third parties.
Unless you provide further authorization, these third parties are not allowed to use this information for any purpose other than to facilitate your transactions using Coinbase Services.
HOW WE PROTECT AND STORE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We understand how important your privacy is, which is why Coinbase maintains (and requires its service providers to maintain) appropriate physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of the personal information you entrust to us.
We may store and process all or part of your personal and transactional information, including certain payment information, such as your encrypted bank account and/or routing numbers, in the United States and elsewhere in the world where our facilities or our service providers are located.
We protect your personal information by maintaining physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations.
For example, we use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files, and we authorize access to personal information only for those employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities.
Full credit card data is securely transferred and hosted off-site by a payment vendor in compliance with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS).
This information is not accessible to Coinbase's staff.
However, we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse, unauthorized acquisition, or alteration of your data will not occur.
Please recognize that you play a vital role in protecting your own personal information.
When registering with our Services, it is important to choose a password of sufficient length and complexity, to not reveal this password to any third-parties, and to immediately notify us if you become aware of any unauthorized access to or use of your account.
Furthermore, we cannot ensure or warrant the security or confidentiality of information you transmit to us or receive from us by Internet or wireless connection, including email, phone, or SMS, since we have no way of protecting that information once it leaves and until it reaches us.
If you have reason to believe that your data is no longer secure, please contact us at the email address, mailing address or telephone number listed at the end of this Privacy Policy.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
As a global entity, Coinbase may store, transfer, and otherwise process your personal information in countries outside of the country of your residence, including the United States and possibly other countries.
Coinbase participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework.
Coinbase is committed to subjecting all personal information received from European Union (EU) member countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S.
Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List at https://www.privacyshield.gov.
Coinbase is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under the Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Principles, Coinbase will use personal information only in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by the individual.
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that personal information we process is limited to only what is relevant to the purposes for which it was collected and that it is accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
Coinbase complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
Consequently, before Coinbase shares your information with any third party that is not also certified under the E.U.-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework, Coinbase, Inc.
will enter into a written agreement that the third party provides at least the same level of privacy safeguard as required under those Frameworks, and assures the same level of protection for the personal information as required under applicable data protection laws.
Coinbase, Inc.
commits to resolve European data subjects' complaints about their privacy and our collection, use or disclosure of their personal information in compliance with the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Principles.
European data subjects with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy should first contact Coinbase at privacy@coinbase.com.
If you are a European data subject with an unresolved complaint or dispute arising under the requirements of the Privacy Shield Framework, we agree to refer your complaint under the Framework to an independent dispute resolution mechanism.
Our independent dispute resolution mechanism is the International Centre for Dispute Resolution ("ICDR"), operated by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA").
For more information and to file a complaint, you may contact the International Centre for Dispute Resolution by phone at +1.212.484.4181, or by visiting the website http://info.adr.org/safeharbor.
We are also subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission with respect to the Framework.
Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these channels, under limited circumstances, a binding arbitration option may be available before a Privacy Shield Panel.
In certain situations, Coinbase may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
HOW YOU CAN ACCESS OR CHANGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You are entitled to review, correct, or amend your personal information, or to delete that information where it is inaccurate.
You may do this at any time by logging in to your account and clicking the Profile or My Account tab.
This right shall only be limited where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question, or where the rights of persons other than you would be violated.
If you close your Coinbase account, we will mark your account in our database as "Closed," but will keep your account information in our database for a period of time described above.
This is necessary in order to deter fraud, by ensuring that persons who try to commit fraud will not be able to avoid detection simply by closing their account and opening a new account.
However, if you close your account, your personal information will not be used by us for any further purposes, nor sold or shared with third parties, except as necessary to prevent fraud and assist law enforcement, as required by law, or in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We store our customers' personal information securely throughout the life of the customer's Coinbase Account.
Coinbase will retain your personal information for a minimum of five years or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations or to resolve disputes.
COLLECTION &amp.
USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY
We receive and store certain types of information automatically, such as whenever you interact with the Sites or use the Services.
This information does not necessarily reveal your identity directly but may include information about the specific device you are using, such as the hardware model, operating system version, web-browser software (such as Firefox, Safari, or Internet Explorer) and your Internet Protocol (IP) address/MAC address/device identifier.
For example, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, including how you came to and used the Services.
your IP address.
device type and unique device identification numbers, device event information (such as crashes, system activity and hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL), broad geographic location (e.g.
country or city-level location) and other technical data collected through cookies, pixel tags and other similar technologies that uniquely identify your browser.
We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our website, including pages accessed and links clicked.
We may use identifiers to recognize you when you arrive at the Site via an external link, such as a link appearing on a third party site.
Please refer to the Coinbase Cookie Policy for more information about our use of cookies.
CHILDREN'S PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not knowingly request of collect personal information from any person under the age of 18.
If a user submitting personal information is suspected of being younger than 18 years of age, Coinbase will require the user to close his or her account and will not allow buying or selling digital currencies.
We will also take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
Please notify us if you know of any individuals under the age of 18 using our Services so we can take action to prevent access to our Services.
California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of your personal information with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
California law provides that you have the right to submit a request to us at our designated address and receive the following information: (a) the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year.
and (b) the names and addresses of third parties that received such information, or if the nature of their business cannot be determined from the name, then examples of the products or services marketed.
You are entitled to receive a copy of this information in a standardized format and the information will not be specific to you individually.
You may make such a request by emailing privacy@coinbase.com.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, or if you have a complaint, you should first contact us either by emailing us at privacy@coinbase.com, via our&nbsp;support page&nbsp;or by writing to us at Coinbase, Inc., 548 Market Street #23008 San Francisco, CA 94104, USA, or by calling us at 1-888-908-7930.

For Texas Users Only: If you still have an unresolved complaint regarding Coinbase's money transmission or currency exchange activity, please direct your complaint to: Texas Department of Banking, 2601 North Lamar Boulevard, Austin, Texas 78705, 1-877-276-5554 (toll free), www.dob.texas.gov.
  Part 1.
General Use
Account Setup
Wallet and Custodial Services
Payment Services, Purchase &amp.
Sale Transactions
Digital Currency Transfers
Additional Services
Data Protection and Security
General Use, Prohibited Use, Death of Account Holder and Termination
Customer Feedback, Queries, Complaints, and Dispute Resolution
General Provisions
Appendix 1.
Prohibited Use, Prohibited Businesses and Conditional Use
Appendix 2.
Verification Procedures and Limits
Appendix 3: E-Sign Disclosure and Consent
Appendix 4: State License Disclosures
Part 2.
Coinbase Pro
Coinbase Pro
Orders, Trades, and Fees
General Use, Restrictions, and Cancellation Coinbase User Agreement
Welcome to Coinbase! This is a User Agreement between you (also referred to herein
as “Client,” “User,” or customer) and Coinbase Inc.
("Coinbase").
This User
Agreement ("Agreement") governs your use of the services provided by Coinbase
described below ("Coinbase Services" or "Services").
By signing up to use
an account through coinbase.com,
pro.coinbase.com, APIs, or the Coinbase mobile application
(collectively the "Coinbase Site"), you agree that you have read, understand,
and accept all of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement including
Section 8.2.
"Arbitration.
Waiver of Class Action", as well as our
Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy, and E-Sign Consent Policy.

As with any asset, the value of Digital Currencies can go up or down and there
can be a substantial risk that you lose money buying, selling, holding, or investing
in digital currencies.
You should carefully consider whether trading or holding Digital
Currencies is suitable for you in light of your financial condition.
Coinbase is not
registered with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission and does not offer securities
services in the United States or to U.S.
persons.


Last updated: January 31, 2019

PART 1: General Use
1.
Account Setup

1.1.
Eligibility. To be eligible to use the Coinbase Services, you must be at
least 18 years old, and reside in the United States.

1.2.
Terms. We may amend or modify this Agreement at any time by posting the
revised agreement on the Coinbase Site and/or providing a copy to you (a “Revised
Agreement”).
The Revised Agreement shall be effective as of the time it is posted
but will not apply retroactively.
Your continued use of the Services after the posting
of a Revised Agreement constitutes your acceptance of such Revised Agreement.
If
you do not agree with any such modification, your sole and exclusive remedy is to
terminate your use of the Services and close your account.

1.3.
Registration of Coinbase Account. You must register for a Coinbase account
to use the Coinbase Services (a "Coinbase Account").
By using a Coinbase Account
you agree and represent that you will use Coinbase only for yourself, and not on behalf
of any third party, unless you have obtained prior approval from Coinbase.
You are
fully responsible for all activity that occurs under your Coinbase Account.
We may,
in our sole discretion, refuse to open a Coinbase Account, or limit the number of
Coinbase Accounts that you may hold or suspend or terminate any Coinbase Account
or the trading of specific Digital Currency in your account.

1.4.
Identity Verification. During registration for your Coinbase Account, you
agree to provide us with the information we request for the purposes of identity
verification and the detection of money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, or
any other financial crimes and permit us to keep a record of such information.
You
will need to complete certain verification procedures before you are permitted to
use the Coinbase Services.
Your access to one or more Coinbase Services and the
limits that apply to your use of the Coinbase Services, may be altered as a result
of information collected about you on an ongoing basis.
The information we request
may include certain personal information, including, but not limited to, your name,
address, telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth, taxpayer identification
number, a government identification, and information regarding your bank account
(such as the name of the bank, the account type, routing number, and account number)
and in some cases (where permitted by law), special categories of personal data,
such as your biometric information.
In providing us with this or any other information
that may be required, you confirm that the information is accurate and authentic.
You agree to keep us updated if any of the information you provide changes.
You
authorize us to make inquiries, whether directly or through third parties, that we
consider necessary to verify your identity or protect you and/or us against fraud
or other financial crime, and to take action we reasonably deem necessary based on
the results of such inquiries.
When we carry out these inquiries, you acknowledge
and agree that your personal information may be disclosed to credit reference and
fraud prevention or financial crime agencies and that these agencies may respond
to our inquiries in full.
This is an identity check only and should have no adverse
effect on your credit rating. Further, you authorize your wireless operator (AT&amp;T,
Sprint, T-Mobile, US Cellular, Verizon, or any other branded wireless operator) to
use your mobile number, name, address, email, network status, customer type, customer
role, billing type, mobile device identifiers (IMSI and IMEI) and other subscriber
status details, if available, solely to allow verification of your identity and to
compare information you have provided to Coinbase with your wireless operator account
profile information for the duration of the business relationship.
See our
Privacy Policy for how we treat your data.

1.5.
Access. To access the Coinbase Services, you must have the necessary equipment
(such as a smartphone or laptop) and the associated telecommunication service subscriptions
to access the Internet.
The Coinbase Services can be accessed directly using the
Coinbase Site.
Access to Coinbase Services may become degraded or unavailable during
times of significant volatility or volume.
This could result in the inability to
buy or sell for periods of time and may also lead to support response time delays.
Although we strive to provide you with excellent service, we do not represent that
the Coinbase Site or other Coinbase Services will be available without interruption
and we do not guarantee that any order will be executed, accepted, recorded, or remain
open.
Coinbase shall not be liable for any losses resulting from or arising out of
transaction delays.
2.
Wallet and Custodial Services

2.1.
Wallet Services. As part of your Coinbase Account, Coinbase will provide
qualifying users access to: (a) a hosted Digital Currency wallet(s) for holding
Digital Currencies (“Digital Currency Wallet”), and (b) a hosted US Dollars
("USD") wallet for holding USD (a “USD Wallet“).

2.2.
Hosted Digital Currency Wallet. Your Digital Currency Wallet allows you
to store, track, transfer, and manage your balances of Digital Currency.
As used
throughout, "Digital Currency" means only those particular digital currencies
listed as available to trade or custody in your Coinbase Account (also referred to
as “Supported Digital Currency”).
Services and supported assets may vary by
jurisdiction.
We securely store Digital Currency private keys, which are used to
process transactions, in a combination of online and offline storage.
As a result
of our security protocols, it may be necessary for us to retrieve private keys or
related information from offline storage in order to facilitate a Digital Currency
Transfers in accordance with your instructions, and you acknowledge that this may
delay the initiation or crediting of such Digital Currency Transfers.
You may elect
to use other services, such as the Coinbase Vault, which allow you to set withdrawal
time-delays and create other conditions around the custody and transfer of your Digital
Currency.
Additional rules associated with such product(s) and service(s) may apply.

2.3.
Supported Digital Currencies. Your Coinbase Account is intended solely for
proper use of Supported Digital Currencies as designated on the Site.

Under no
circumstances should you attempt to use your Digital Currency Wallet to store, send,
request, or receive digital currencies we do not support.
Coinbase assumes no
responsibility in connection with any attempt to use your Digital Currency Wallet
with digital currencies that we do not support.
If you have any questions about
which Digital Currencies we currently support, please visit
https://support.coinbase.com.



2.4.
Supplemental Protocols Excluded. Unless specifically announced on the
Coinbase Site or other official public statement of Coinbase, Supported Digital
Currencies excludes all other protocols and/or functionality which supplement or
interact with the Supported Digital Currency.
This exclusion includes but is not
limited to: metacoins, colored coins, side chains, or other derivative, enhanced,
or forked protocols, tokens, or coins or other functionality, such as staking, protocol
governance, and/or any smart contract functionality, which may supplement or interact
with a Digital Currency we support.
Do not use your Coinbase Account to attempt to
receive, request, send, store, or engage in any other type of transaction or functionality
involving any such protocol as Coinbase is not configured to detect, secure, or process
these transactions and functionality.
Any attempted transactions in such items will
result in loss of the item.

You acknowledge and agree that supplemental protocols
are excluded from Supported Digital Currency and that Coinbase has no liability for
any losses related to supplemental protocols.



2.5 Operation of Digital Currency Protocols. We do not own or control the underlying
software protocols which govern the operation of Digital Currency supported on our
platform.
Generally, the underlying protocols are open source, and anyone can use,
copy, modify, and distribute them.
We assume no responsibility for the operation of
the underlying protocols and we are not able to guarantee the functionality or security
of network operations.
In particular, the underlying protocols may be subject to
sudden changes in operating rules (including “forks”).
Any such material operating
changes may materially affect the availability, value, functionality, and/or the
name of the Digital Currency you store in your Digital Currency Wallet.
Coinbase
does not control the timing and features of these material operating changes.
It
is your responsibility to make yourself aware of upcoming operating changes and
you must carefully consider publicly available information and information that
may be provided by Coinbase in determining whether to continue to use a Coinbase
Account for the affected Digital Currency.
In the event of any such operational
change, Coinbase reserves the right to takes such steps as may be necessary to protect
the security and safety of assets held on the Coinbase platform, including temporarily
suspending operations for the involved digital currency(ies), and other necessary
steps.
Coinbase will use its best efforts to provide you notice of its response to
any material operating change.
however, such changes are outside of Coinbase’s control
and may occur without notice to Coinbase.
Coinbase’s response to any material operating
change is subject to its sole discretion and includes deciding not to support any
new digital currency, fork, or other actions.

You acknowledge and accept the risks
of operating changes to Digital Currency protocols and agree that Coinbase is not
responsible for such operating changes and not liable for any loss of value you
may experience as a result of such changes in operating rules.
You acknowledge
and accept that Coinbase has sole discretion to determine its response to any operating
change and that we have no responsibility to assist you with unsupported currencies
or protocols.



2.6.
Digital Currency Custody and Title. All Digital Currencies held in your
Digital Currency Wallet are custodial assets held by Coinbase for your benefit, as
described in further detail below.

2.6.1 Ownership. Title to Digital Currency shall at all times remain with you
and shall not transfer to Coinbase.
As the owner of Digital Currency in your Digital
Wallet, you shall bear all risk of loss of such Digital Currency.
Coinbase shall
have no liability for Digital Currency fluctuations.
None of the Digital Currencies
in your Digital Currency Wallet are the property of, or shall or may be loaned to,
Coinbase.
Coinbase does not represent or treat assets in User’s Digital Currency
Wallets as belonging to Coinbase.
Coinbase may not grant a security interest in the
Digital Currency held in your Digital Currency Wallet.
Except as required by a facially
valid court order, or except as provided herein, Coinbase will not sell, transfer,
loan, hypothecate, or otherwise alienate Digital Currency in your Digital Currency Wallet
unless instructed by you.

2.6.2 Control. You control the Digital Currencies held in your Digital Currency
Wallet.
At any time, subject to outages, downtime, and other applicable policies,
you may withdraw your Digital Currency by sending it to a different blockchain address.
As long as you continue to custody your Digital Currencies with Coinbase, Coinbase
shall retain control over electronic private keys associated with blockchain addresses
operated by Coinbase, including the blockchain addresses that hold your Digital Currency.

2.6.3 Acknowledgement of Risk. You acknowledge that Digital Currency is not
subject to protections or insurance provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
or the Securities Investor Protection Corporation.

2.6.4 Digital Currencies Not Segregated. In order to more securely custody
assets, Coinbase may use shared blockchain addresses, controlled by Coinbase, to
hold Digital Currencies held on behalf of customers and/or held on behalf of Coinbase.
Although we maintain separate ledgers for Client and Coinbase accounts, Coinbase
shall have no obligation to segregate by blockchain address Digital Currencies owned
by you from Digital Currencies owned by other customers or by Coinbase.

2.7.
USD Wallet. Your USD Wallet allows you to hold and transfer USD with
your Coinbase Account as described below.
In general, we will combine the balance
of your USD Wallet with other customers’ balances and either hold those funds in
a custodial account at a U.S.
FDIC-insured bank or invest those funds in liquid
investments, such as U.S.
treasuries, in accordance with state money transmitter
laws.
Coinbase owns the interest or other earnings on these investments.
Pooled
customer funds are held apart from Coinbase’s corporate funds and Coinbase will
neither use these funds for its operating expenses or any other corporate purposes.

2.8.
USDC Wallets. You may also elect to buy USD Coin from Coinbase, a Digital
Currency fully collateralized by the US Dollar, which is issued by Circle Internet
Financial (“Circle”) and supported by Coinbase (“USDC”).
You are the owner of the
balance of your USDC Wallet.
Coinbase is not the issuer of USDC, does not hold U.S.
Dollars on reserve for USDC holders, and has no obligation to repurchase your USDC
for USD.
You can redeem your USDC with Circle, and Coinbase may also elect to repurchase
your USDC in exchange for USD.
You agree to be bound by the terms of the Circle
USDC Agreement (located at
https://support.usdc.circle.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001233386-Circle-USDC-User-Agreement),
which provides additional obligations, undertakings, and limitations with respect
to USDC.

2.9 Coinbase Bundle. The Coinbase Bundle (“Bundle”) is an offer to purchase
multiple Digital Currencies in a single-click transaction, subject to our current
fees for purchasing Bundles.
The Digital Currencies included in any Bundle are made
available by Coinbase in its sole discretion.
The amount of each Digital Currencies
in any Bundle offer is proportional to each Digital Currency’s “market capitalization”,
calculated by multiplying its current price by the circulating supply of the Digital
Currency.
By purchasing a Bundle, you understand and acknowledge that you have the
ability to sell and send each Digital Currency included in the Bundle at your discretion,
just as if you had purchased each Digital Currency in separate transactions, by
choosing to “unbundle” the Bundle.
Coinbase may allow you to perform a single transaction
to sell an amount proportionally across all the Digital Currencies purchased as part
of a Bundle, and Coinbase may allow this only if you have not previously unbundled
your purchased Bundle.
A Bundle can not be reconstituted once it is unbundled.
All
pricing or performance data related to the Bundle is for informational purposes only.
A Bundle is not an offer to purchase any single security, investment or financial
instrument.
A Bundle offer is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any Digital
Currency or any amount of a Digital Currency and does not constitute investment
advice, financial advice, or trading advice.
3.
Payment Services, Purchase &amp.
Sale Transactions

3.1.
USD Funds. You can load funds into your USD Wallet from a valid bank account
via ACH transfer or wire transfer.
Your USD balance is in a pending state and will
not be credited to your USD Wallet until after the bank transfer has cleared, usually
with 5 business days.
We may debit your linked bank account as soon as you initiate
payment.
The name on your linked bank account and your wire transfer must match the
name verified on your Coinbase Account.

3.2.
Purchase or Sale of Digital Currency. When you purchase (buy) Digital
Currency from Coinbase (or from a third-party using Coinbase Pro) this transaction
is intended to effect a sale of Digital Currency.
You can purchase (buy) Digital
Currency using: (a) funds in your USD Wallet, (b) Digital Currency held in certain
Digital Currency Wallets, as permitted by Coinbase, (c) a valid bank account in
the name that matches the name on your Coinbase Account, or (d) a debit or credit
card that matches the name on your Coinbase Account (each a "Valid Payment Method").
Your purchase must follow the relevant instructions on the Coinbase Site.
Coinbase
reserves the right to cancel any transaction not confirmed by you within five (5)
seconds after Coinbase quotes a transaction price.
A purchase of Digital Currency
using a Valid Payment Method generally will initiate on the business day we receive
your instructions.
Purchased Digital Currency will be deposited in your Digital
Currency Wallet as soon as funds have settled to Coinbase, which in the case of a
bank account or credit or debit card may take up to five business days.
You can
sell Digital Currency and instruct Coinbase to deposit funds into your Coinbase
USD Wallet or, where supported, a Digital Currency Wallet.
Digital Currency purchases
and sales are collectively referred to herein as “Digital Currency Transactions”.
If Coinbase cannot complete your Digital Currency Transaction for any reason (such
as price movement, failure of Pro to respond, or an order exceeding the maximum order
size), Coinbase will reject the order and notify you of such rejection.
You will
not be charged for a rejected transaction.

3.3.
Fees. In general, Coinbase makes money when you purchase or sell
digital currency on our Site.
A full list of Coinbase fees for your Coinbase
Account can be found on our Pricing and Fees Disclosures
page.
By using Coinbase Services you agree to pay all applicable fees.
Coinbase
reserves the right to adjust its pricing and fees and any applicable waivers at
any time.
We will always notify you of the pricing and fees which apply to your
transaction when you authorize the transaction and in each receipt we issue to
you.
We may charge network fees (miner fees) to process a Digital Currency
Transaction on your behalf.
We will calculate the network fee in our
discretion, although we will always notify you of the network fee at or before
the time you authorize the Digital Currency Transaction.
Bank fees charged to
Coinbase are netted out of transfers to or from Coinbase.
You are responsible
for paying any additional fees charged by your financial service provider.
We
will not process a transfer if associated bank fees exceed the value of the
transfer.
You may be required to deposit additional USD to cover bank fees if
you desire to complete such a transfer.

3.4.
Recurring Digital Currency Transactions. If you initiate recurring Digital
Currency Transactions, you authorize us to initiate recurring electronic
payments in accordance with your selected Digital Currency Transaction and any
corresponding payment accounts, such as recurring automated clearing house (ACH)
debit or credit entries from or to your linked bank account.
Your recurring
transactions will occur in identical, periodic installments, based on your
period selection (e.g., daily, weekly, monthly), until either you or Coinbase
cancels the recurring order.
If you select a U.S.
Bank Account as your payment
method for a recurring transaction, and such transaction falls on a weekend or
holiday, or after bank business hours, the ACH credit or debit will be executed
on the next business day, although the Digital Currency fees at the time of the
regularly-scheduled transaction will apply.
If your Bank is unable to process
any electronic ACH debit entry, we will notify you of cancellation of the
transaction and may avail itself of remedies set forth in this User Agreement to
recover any amount owed to Coinbase.
This authorization will remain in full
force and effect until you change your recurring transaction settings at
https://www.coinbase.com/recurring_payments, or until you provide us written
notification at https://support.coinbase.com.
You agree to notify Coinbase in
writing of any changes in your linked bank account information prior to a
recurring transaction.
Coinbase may, at any time, terminate recurring
transactions by providing notice to you.

3.5.
Revocation. When you give us instructions to purchase (buy) Digital
Currency, you cannot withdraw your consent to that purchase unless the purchase
is not scheduled to occur until a future date e.g.
you set up a recurring
purchase of Digital Currency (a "Future Transaction").
In the case of a Future
Transaction, you may withdraw your consent up until the end of the business day
before the date that the Future Transaction is scheduled to take place.
To
withdraw your consent to a Future Transaction, follow the instructions on the
Coinbase Site.

3.6.
Unauthorized and Incorrect Transactions. When a Digital Currency or USD
transaction occurs using your credentials, we will assume that you authorized
such transaction, unless you notify us otherwise.
If you believe you did not
authorize a particular transaction or that a transaction was incorrectly carried
out, you must contact us as soon as possible either by email free of charge at
support+trust@coinbase.com or by phone at +1 (888) 908-7930 (international call
charges may apply).
It is important that you regularly check your USD Wallet and
Digital Currency Wallet balances and your transaction history regularly to
ensure you notify us as soon as possible of any unauthorized or incorrect
transactions to.
We are not responsible for any claim for unauthorized or
incorrect transactions unless you have notified us in accordance with this
section.

3.7.
Account Information. You will be able to see your USD Wallet and Digital
Currency Wallet balances using the Coinbase Site.
You can also see your
transaction history using the Coinbase Site, including (i) the amount (and
currency) of each Digital Currency Transaction, (ii) a reference to the identify
of the payer and/or payee (as appropriate), (iii) any fees charged (excluding
any spread, or margin, over the prevailing market rate on Coinbase’s trading
platform), (iv) if applicable, the rate of exchange, and the amount (in the new
currency) after exchange (where you are the payer) or the amount (in the
original currency) before the exchange (where you are the payee), and (v) the
date of each Digital Currency Transaction.

3.8.
Consent to access, processing and storage of your personal data. You
consent to us accessing, processing and retaining any personal information you
provide to us for the purpose of us providing Coinbase Services to you.
This
consent is not related to, and does not affect, any rights or obligations we or
you have in accordance with data protection laws, privacy laws and regulations.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by closing your account with us.
However, we may retain and continue to process your personal information for
other purposes.
Please see our Privacy
Policy for further
information about how we process your personal data, and the rights you have in
respect of this.

3.9.
Reversals &amp.
Cancellations. You cannot cancel, reverse, or change any
transaction marked as complete or pending.
If your payment is not successful, if
your payment method has insufficient funds, or if you reverse a payment made
from funds in your bank account, you authorize Coinbase, in its sole discretion,
either to cancel the transaction or to debit your other payment methods,
including your USD Wallet or Digital Currency Wallet balances or other linked
accounts, in any amount necessary to complete the transaction.
You are
responsible for maintaining an adequate balance and/or sufficient credit limits
in order to avoid overdraft, non-sufficient funds (NSF), or similar fees charged
by your payment provider.
We reserve the right to refuse to process, or to
cancel or reverse, any Digital Currency Transaction or Transfers in our sole
discretion, even after funds have been debited from your account(s), if we
suspect the transaction involves (or has a high risk of involvement in) money
laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, or any other type of financial crime.
in
response to a subpoena, court order, or other government order.
if we reasonably
suspect that the transaction is erroneous.
or if Coinbase suspects the
transaction relates to Prohibited Use or a Prohibited Business as set forth
below.
In such instances, Coinbase will reverse the transaction and we are under
no obligation to allow you to reinstate a purchase or sale order at the same
price or on the same terms as the cancelled transaction.

3.10.
Payment Services Partners. Coinbase may use a third party payment
processor to process any US Dollar payment between you and Coinbase, including
but not limited to payments in relation to your use of the Digital Currency
Transactions or deposits or withdrawals from your USD Wallet or Coinbase Pro
Account.
4.
Digital Currency Transfers

4.1.
In General. If you have sufficiently verified your identity, your Digital
Currency Wallet enables you to send Supported Digital Currency to, and request,
receive, and store Supported Digital Currency from, third parties by giving
instructions through the Coinbase Site.
Your transfer of Supported Digital
Currencies between your other digital currency wallets (including wallets off
the Coinbase Site) and to and from third parties is a “Digital Currency
Transfer”.

4.3.
Pending Transactions. Once a Digital Currency Transfer is submitted to a
Digital Currency network, the transaction will be unconfirmed and remain in a
pending state for a period of time sufficient to confirmation of the transaction
by the Digital Currency network.
A Digital Currency Transfer is not complete
while it is in a pending state.
Pending Digital Currency Transfers that are
initiated from a Coinbase Account will reflect a pending transaction status and
are not available to you for use on the Coinbase platform or otherwise while the
transaction is pending.

4.4.
Inbound Digital Currency Transfers. When you or a third party sends
Digital Currency to a Coinbase wallet from an external wallet not hosted on
Coinbase (“Inbound Transfers”), the person initiating the transaction is solely
responsible for executing the transaction properly, which may include, among
other things, payment of sufficient network or miner’s fees in order for the
transaction to be successful.
Insufficient network fees may cause an Inbound
Transfer to remain in a pending state outside of Coinbase’s control and we are
not responsible for delays or loss incurred as a result of an error in the
initiation of the transaction and have no obligation to assist in the
remediation of such transactions.
By initiating an Inbound Transfer, you attest
that you are transacting in a Supported Digital Currency which conforms to the
particular Coinbase wallet into which funds are directed.
For example, if you
select an Ethereum wallet address to receive funds, you attest that you are
initiating an Inbound Transfer of Ethereum alone, and not any other currency
such as Bitcoin or Ethereum Classic.
Coinbase incurs no obligation whatsoever
with regard to unsupported digital currency sent to a Coinbase Account or
Supported Digital Currency sent to an incompatible Digital Currency wallet.
Erroneously transmitted funds will be lost. We recommend customers send a small
amount of Supported Digital Currency as a test prior to initiating a send of a
significant amount of Supported Digital Currency.
Coinbase may from time to time
determine types of Digital Currency that will be supported or cease to be
supported.

4.5.
Outbound Digital Currency Transfers. When you send Digital Currency from
your Coinbase Account to an external wallet (“Outbound Transfers”), such
transfers are executed at your instruction by Coinbase.
You should verify all
transaction information prior to submitting instructions to us.
Coinbase shall
bear no liability or responsibility in the event you enter an incorrect
blockchain destination address.
We do not guarantee the identity or value
received by a recipient of an Outbound Transfer.
Digital Currency Transfers
cannot be reversed once they have been broadcast to the relevant Digital
Currency network, although they may be in a pending state, and designated
accordingly, while the transaction is processed by network operators.
Coinbase
does not control the Digital Currency network and makes no guarantees that a
Digital Currency Transfer will be confirmed by the network.
We may refuse to
process or cancel any pending Outbound Digital Currency Transfers as required by
law or any court or other authority to which Coinbase is subject in any
jurisdiction.
Additionally, we may require you to wait some amount of time after
completion of a transaction before permitting you to use further Coinbase
Services and/or before permitting you to engage in transactions beyond certain
volume limits.

4.6.
Transfers to a Recipient Email Address. Coinbase allows you to initiate a
Digital Currency Transfer to a Coinbase customer by designating that customer’s
email address.
If you initiate a Digital Currency Transfer to an email address,
and the recipient does not have an existing Coinbase Account, we will invite the
recipient to open a Coinbase Account.
If the recipient does not open a Coinbase
Account within 30 days, we will return the relevant Digital Currency to your
Digital Currency Wallet.

4.8.
Third Party Merchants. We have no control over, or liability for, the
delivery, quality, safety, legality or any other aspect of any goods or services
that you may purchase from a third party (including other users of Coinbase
Digital Currency Services).
We are not responsible for ensuring that a third
party buyer or a seller you transact with will complete the transaction or is
authorised to do so.
If you experience a problem with any goods or services
purchased from, or sold to, a third party using Digital Currency transferred
using the Coinbase Digital Currency Services, or if you have a dispute with such
third party, you should resolve the dispute directly with that third party.
If
you believe a third party has behaved in a fraudulent, misleading, or
inappropriate manner, or if you cannot adequately resolve a dispute with a third
party, you may notify Coinbase Support at support+trust@coinbase.com so that we
may consider what action to take, if any.

4.9 Debts. In the event that there are outstanding amounts owed to us
hereunder, including in your Coinbase Account, Coinbase reserves the right to
debit your Coinbase Account or Coinbase Pro Account accordingly and/or to
withhold amounts from funds you may transfer from your Coinbase Pro Account to
your Coinbase Account.
5.
Additional Services

5.1 Generally. In addition to the Services above, the following services
("Additional Services") may be made available by Coinbase to users that fulfill
certain eligibility criteria.

5.2.
Coinbase Pro Services. Coinbase Pro Services are services related to
Coinbase Pro's order matching platform.
If you are eligible and elect to use
the Coinbase Pro Services, you must establish a Coinbase Pro account at
pro.coinbase.com ("Coinbase Pro Account").
The provisions of this Section
5.1.
apply to your use of such Coinbase Pro Services in addition to the other
applicable provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation the
releases, indemnities, disclaimers, limitations of liability, prohibited use,
dispute resolution, and cancellation policies set forth above.
Additionally.
you also accept and agree to be bound by the Trading Rules and the Coinbase Pro
Trading Fees.

5.2.1 Coinbase Pro Account. You may not sell, lease, furnish or otherwise
permit or provide access to your Trading Account to any other entity or to any
individual that is not your employee or agent.
You accept full responsibility
for your employees' or agents' use of Coinbase Pro, whether such use is directly
through the Coinbase Pro website or by other means, such as those facilitated
through API keys, and/or applications which you may authorize.
You understand
and agree that you are responsible for any and all orders, trades, and other
instructions entered into Coinbase Pro including identifiers, permissions,
passwords, and security codes associated with your Coinbase Pro Account.
5.2.2 Order Books.
Coinbase Pro Services offer an order book for various
Digital Currency and Fiat Currency trading pairs (each an "Order Book").
Refer
to your Coinbase Pro Account to determine which Order Books are available to
you.
5.2.3 Associated Tools.
In addition to the Wallet Services detailed in Section
2.1, your Coinbase Pro Account provides you access to associated user tools,
accessible at pro.coinbase.com and through the Coinbase Pro API.
6.
Data Protection and Security

6.1.
Personal Data. You acknowledge that we may process personal data in
relation to you (if you are an individual), and personal data that you have
provided or in the future provide to us in relation to your employees and other
associated or other individuals, in connection with this Agreement, or the
Coinbase Services.
Accordingly, you represent and warrant that: (i) your
disclosure to us of any personal data relating to individuals other than
yourself was or will be made in accordance with all applicable data protection
and data privacy laws, and those data are accurate, up to date and relevant when
disclosed.
(ii) before providing any such personal data to us, you have read and
understood our Privacy Policy, which is available
here, and, in the case of
personal data relating to an individual other than yourself, have (or will at
the time of disclosure have) provided a copy of that Privacy
Policy (as amended from
time to time), to that individual.
and (iii) if from time to time we provide you
with a replacement version of the Privacy
Policy, you will promptly
read that notice and provide a copy to any individual whose personal data you
have provided to us.

6.2.
Security Breach. If you suspect that your Coinbase Account or any of your
security details have been compromised or if you become aware of any fraud or
attempted fraud or any other security incident (including a cyber-security
attack) affecting you and / or Coinbase (together a "Security Breach"), you must
notify Coinbase Support as soon as possible by email free of charge at
support+trust@coinbase.com or by calling us at +1 (888) 908 7930 and continue to
provide accurate and up to date information throughout the duration of the
Security Breach.
You must take any steps that we reasonably require to reduce,
manage or report any Security Breach.
Failure to provide prompt notification of
any Security Breach may be taken into account in our determination of the
appropriate resolution of the matter.
7.
General Use, Prohibited Use, Death of Account Holder and Termination

7.1.
Limited License. We grant you a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable
license, subject to the terms of this Agreement, to access and use the Coinbase
Services, Coinbase Site, and related content, materials, information
(collectively, the "Content") solely for purposes approved by Coinbase from time
to time.
Any other use of the Coinbase Site or Content is expressly prohibited
and all other right, title, and interest in the Coinbase Services, Coinbase Site
or Content is exclusively the property of Coinbase and its licensors.
You agree
you will not copy, transmit, distribute, sell, license, reverse engineer,
modify, publish, or participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative
works from, or in any other way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part
without the prior written consent of Coinbase.
"Coinbase.com", "Coinbase",
“Coinbase Pro”, and all logos related to the Coinbase Services or displayed on
the Coinbase Site are either trademarks or registered marks of Coinbase or its
licensors.
You may not copy, imitate or use them without Coinbase's prior
written consent.

7.2.
Website Accuracy. Although we intend to provide accurate and timely
information on the Coinbase Site, the Coinbase Site (including, without
limitation, the Content) may not always be entirely accurate, complete or
current and may also include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
In
an effort to continue to provide you with as complete and accurate information
as possible, information may be changed or updated from time to time without
notice, including without limitation information regarding our policies,
products and services.
Accordingly, you should verify all information before
relying on it, and all decisions based on information contained on the Coinbase
Site are your sole responsibility and we shall have no liability for such
decisions.
Information provided by third parties, including historical price and
supply data for Digital Currencies, is for informational purposes only and
Coinbase makes no representations or warranties to its accuracy.
Links to
third-party materials (including without limitation websites) may be provided as
a convenience but are not controlled by us.
You acknowledge and agree that we
are not responsible for any aspect of the information, content, or services
contained in any third-party materials or on any third-party sites accessible or
linked to the Coinbase Site,

7.3.
Promotions. From time to time, Coinbase may make available special offers
or conduct promotions for qualifying customers.
Subject to applicable laws,
Coinbase or the issuer of a Digital Currency subject to an offer or promotion
may establish qualifying criteria to participate in any special promotion its
sole discretion.
Coinbase may revoke any special offer at any time without
notice.
Once Digital Currency has been deposited in a user’s Digital Currency
Wallet, that Digital Currency becomes the property of the Coinbase user with all
applicable property rights, including those noted in Section 2.2 of this
Agreement.
Coinbase shall have no obligation to make special offers available to
all customers.
Coinbase makes no recommendation and does not provide any advice
about the value or utility of any Digital Currency subject to a promotion.

7.4.
Third-Party Applications. If, to the extent permitted by Coinbase from
time to time, you grant express permission to a third party to access or connect
to your Coinbase Account(s), either through the third party's product or service
or through the Coinbase Site, you acknowledge that granting permission to a
third party to take specific actions on your behalf does not relieve you of any
of your responsibilities under this Agreement.
You are fully responsible for all
acts or omissions of any third party with access to your Coinbase Account(s).
Further, you acknowledge and agree that you will not hold Coinbase responsible
for, and will indemnify Coinbase from, any liability arising out of or related
to any act or omission of any third party with access to your Coinbase
Account(s).
You may change or remove permissions granted by you to third parties
with respect to your Coinbase Account(s) at any time through the tabs on the
Account Settings page on the Coinbase Site.

7.5.
Prohibited Use. In connection with your use of the Coinbase Services, and
your interactions with other users, and third parties you agree and represent
you will not engage in any Prohibited Business or Prohibited
Use
defined herein.
We reserve the right at all times to monitor, review, retain
and/or disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law,
regulation, sanctions programs, legal process or governmental request.
We
reserve the right to cancel and/or suspend your Coinbase Account(s) and/or block
transactions or freeze funds immediately and without notice if we determine, in
our sole discretion, that your Account is associated with a Prohibited Use
and/or a Prohibited Business.

7.6.
Transaction Limits. The use of all Coinbase Services is subject to a limit
on the amount of volume, stated in U.S.
Dollar terms, you may transact or
transfer in a given period (e.g., daily).
To view your limits, login to your
Coinbase Account(s)(s) and visit https://www.coinbase.com/verifications.
Your
transaction limits may vary depending on your payment method, verification steps
you have completed, and other factors.
Coinbase reserves the right to change
applicable limits as we deem necessary in our sole discretion.
If you wish to
raise your limits beyond the posted amounts, you may submit a request at
https://support.coinbase.com.
We may require you to submit additional
information about yourself or your business, provide records, and arrange for
meetings with Coinbase staff (such process, "Enhanced Due Diligence").
Coinbase
reserves the right to charge you costs and fees associated with Enhanced Due
Diligence, provided that we notify you in advance of any such charges accruing.
In our sole discretion, we may refuse to raise your limits or we may lower your
limits at a subsequent time even if you have completed Enhanced Due Diligence.

7.7.
Suspension, Termination, and Cancellation. Coinbase may: (a) suspend,
restrict, or terminate your access to any or all of the Coinbase Services,
and/or (b) deactivate or cancel your Coinbase Account(s) if: (i) We are so
required by a facially valid subpoena, court order, or binding order of a
government authority.
(ii) We reasonably suspect you of using your Coinbase
Account(s) in connection with a Prohibited Use or
Business.
(iii) Use of your Coinbase Account(s) is subject to any pending litigation,
investigation, or government proceeding and/or we perceive a heightened risk of
legal or regulatory non-compliance associated with your Account activity.
(iv)
Our service partners are unable to support your use.
(v) You take any action
that Coinbase deems as circumventing Coinbase's controls, including, but not
limited to, opening multiple Coinbase Accounts or abusing promotions which
Coinbase may offer from time to time.
or (vi) You breach our Behavior
Policy.
If Coinbase suspends or closes your account, or terminates your use of Coinbase
Services for any reason, we will provide you with notice of our actions unless a
court order or other legal process prohibits Coinbase from providing you with
such notice.
You acknowledge that Coinbase's decision to take certain actions,
including limiting access to, suspending, or closing your account, may be based
on confidential criteria that are essential to Coinbase's risk management and
security protocols.
You agree that Coinbase is under no obligation to disclose
the details of its risk management and security procedures to you.
You will be permitted to transfer Digital Currency or funds associated with your
Hosted Digital Currency Wallet(s) and/or your USD Wallet(s) for ninety (90) days
after Account deactivation or cancellation unless such transfer is otherwise
prohibited (i) under the law, including but not limited to applicable sanctions
programs, or (ii) by a facially valid subpoena or court order.
You may cancel
your Coinbase Account(s) at any time by withdrawing all balances and visiting
https://www.coinbase.com/settings/cancel.
You will not be charged for canceling
your Coinbase Account(s), although you will be required to pay any outstanding
amounts owed to Coinbase.
You authorize us to cancel or suspend any pending
transactions at the time of cancellation.

7.8.
Death of Account Holder. For security reasons, if we receive legal
documentation confirming your death or other information leading us to believe
you have died, we will freeze your Coinbase Account and during this time, no
transactions may be completed until:(i) your designated fiduciary has opened a
new Coinbase Account, as further described below, and the entirety of your
Coinbase Account has been transferred to such new account, or (ii) we have
received proof in a form satisfactory to us that you have not died.
If we have
reason to believe you may have died but we do not have proof of your death in a
form satisfactory to us, you authorize us to make inquiries, whether directly or
through third parties, that we consider necessary to ascertain whether you have
died.
Upon receipt by us of proof satisfactory to us that you have died, the
fiduciary you have designated in a valid Will or similar testamentary document
will be required to open a new Coinbase Account.
If you have not designated a
fiduciary, then we reserve the right to (i) treat as your fiduciary any person
entitled to inherit your Coinbase Account, as determined by us upon receipt and
review of the documentation we, in our sole and absolute discretion, deem
necessary or appropriate, including (but not limited to) a Will, a living trust
or a Small Estate Affidavit, or (ii) require an order designating a fiduciary
from a court having competent jurisdiction over your estate.
In the event we
determine, in our sole and absolute discretion, that there is uncertainty
regarding the validity of the fiduciary designation, we reserve the right to
require an order resolving such issue from a court of competent jurisdiction
before taking any action relating to your Coinbase Account.
Pursuant to the
above, the opening of a new Coinbase Account by a designated fiduciary is
mandatory following the death of a Coinbase Account owner, and you hereby agree
that your fiduciary will be required to open a new Coinbase Account and provide
the information required under Section 2 of this Agreement in order to gain
access to the contents of your Coinbase Account.

7.9.
Unclaimed Property. If Coinbase is holding funds (whether fiat currency or
Digital Currency) in your account, and Coinbase is unable to contact you and has
no record of your use of the Services for several years, applicable law may
require Coinbase to report these funds (including fiat currency and Digital
Currency) as unclaimed property to the applicable jurisdiction.
If this occurs,
Coinbase will try to locate you at the address shown in our records, but if
Coinbase is unable to locate you, it may be required to deliver any such funds
to the applicable state or jurisdiction as unclaimed property.

7.10.
Relationship of the Parties. Coinbase is an independent contractor for
all purposes.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed or is intended to be
deemed, nor shall it cause, you and Coinbase to be treated as partners, joint
ventures, or otherwise as joint associates for profit, or either you or Coinbase
to be treated as the agent of the other.

7.11.
Privacy of Others.
Marketing. If you receive information about another
user through the Coinbase Services, you must keep the information confidential
and only use it in connection with the Coinbase Services.
You may not disclose
or distribute a user's information to a third party or use the information
except as reasonably necessary to effectuate a transaction and other functions
reasonably incidental thereto such as support, reconciliation and accounting
unless you receive the user's express consent to do so.
You may not send
unsolicited email to a user through the Coinbase Services.

7.12.
Password Security.
Contact Information. You are responsible for creating
a strong password and maintaining adequate security and control of any and all
IDs, passwords, hints, personal identification numbers (PINs), API keys or any
other codes that you use to access the Coinbase Services.
Any loss or compromise
of the foregoing information and/or your personal information may result in
unauthorized access to your Coinbase Account(s) by third-parties and the loss or
theft of any Digital Currency and/or funds held in your Coinbase Account(s) and
any associated accounts, including your linked bank account(s) and credit
card(s).
You are responsible for keeping your email address and telephone number
up to date in your Account Profile in order to receive any notices or alerts
that we may send you.
You should never allow remote access or share your
computer screen with someone else when you are logged on to your Coinbase
Account.
Coinbase will never under any circumstances ask you for your IDs,
passwords, or 2-factor authentication codes.
We assume no responsibility for
any loss that you may sustain due to compromise of account login credentials due
to no fault of Coinbase and/or failure to follow or act on any notices or alerts
that we may send to you. In the event you believe your Coinbase Account(s)
information has been compromised, contact Coinbase Support immediately at
support+trust@coinbase.com, or report your claim by phone at (888) 908-7930.

7.13.
Developer Tools. If you use developer features of the Services, including
but not limited to Coinbase Connect
(OAuth2) and any
other resources or services available at https://developers.coinbase.com/ (the
“Developer Services”), you must separately agree to our Developer
Agreement upon
registering your application with Coinbase.

7.14.
Taxes. It is your sole responsibility to determine whether, and to what
extent, any taxes apply to any transactions you conduct through the Coinbase
Services, and to withhold, collect, report and remit the correct amounts of
taxes to the appropriate tax authorities.
Your transaction history is available
through your Coinbase Account(s).

7.15.
No Investment Advice or Brokerage. For the avoidance of doubt, Coinbase
does not provide investment, tax, or legal advice, nor does Coinbase broker
trades on your behalf.
All Coinbase trades are executed automatically, based on
the parameters of your order instructions and in accordance with posted Trade
execution procedures, and you are solely responsible for determining whether any
investment, investment strategy or related transaction is appropriate for you
based on your personal investment objectives, financial circumstances and risk
tolerance.
You should consult your legal or tax professional regarding your
specific situation.
Coinbase may provide educational information about Supported
Digital Currency, as well as Digital Currency not supported by Coinbase, in
order to assist users in learning more about such Digital Currency.
Information
may include, but is not limited to, blog posts, articles, links to to
third-party content, news feeds, tutorials, and videos.
The information provided
on this website or any third-party sites does not constitute investment advice,
financial advice, trading advice, or any other sort of advice, and you should
not treat any of the website's content as such.
Coinbase does not recommend that
any Digital Currency should be bought, earned, sold, or held by you.
Before
making the decision to buy, sell or hold any Digital Currency, you should
conduct your own due diligence and consult your financial advisors before making
any investment decision.
Coinbase will not be held responsible for the decisions
you make to buy, sell, or hold Digital Currency based on the information
provided by Coinbase.
8.
Customer Feedback, Queries, Complaints, and Dispute Resolution

8.1.
Contact Coinbase. If you have feedback, or general questions, contact us
via our Customer Support webpage at https://support.coinbase.com.
When you
contact us please provide us with your name, address, and any other information
we may need to identify you, your Coinbase Account(s), and the transaction on
which you have feedback or questions.
If you believe your account has been compromised, you may also report your claim
by calling (888) 908-7930.
Coinbase requires that all legal documents
(including civil subpoenas, complaints, and small claims) be served on our
registered agent for service of process.
Current contact information for our
registered agent in each state can be found
here.
Please note that our registered agent will accept service only if the entity
identified as the recipient of the document is identical to the entity
registered with the Secretary of State and for which our registered agent is
authorized to accept service.
By accepting service of a legal document, Coinbase
does not waive any objections we may have and may raise in response to such
document.

8.2.
Formal Complaint Process. If you have a dispute with Coinbase (a
“Complaint”), you agree to contact Coinbase through our support team to attempt
to resolve any such dispute amicably.
If we cannot resolve the dispute through
the Coinbase support team, you and we agree to use the Formal Complaint Process
set forth below. You agree to use this process before filing any arbitration
claim or small claims action.
If you do not follow the procedures set out in
this Section before filing an arbitration claim or suit in small claims court,
we shall have the right to ask the arbitrator or small claims court to dismiss
your filing unless and until you complete the following steps.

8.2.1.
Procedural Steps. In the event that your dispute with Coinbase is not
resolved through your contact with Coinbase Support, you agree to use our
Complaint form to describe your Complaint, how you would like us to resolve the
Complaint, and any other information related to your dispute that you believe to
be relevant.
The Complaint form can be found on the Coinbase support pages,
support.coinbase.com or can be requested from Coinbase Customer Support.

8.2.2.
Coinbase Response. We will acknowledge receipt of your Complaint form
after you submit it.
A Coinbase customer relations agent ("Agent") will review
your Complaint.
The Agent will evaluate your Complaint based on the information
you have provided and information in the possession of Coinbase.
Within 15
business days of our receipt of your Complaint form, the Agent will address the
issues raised in your Complaint form by sending you an e-mail ("Resolution
Notice") in which the Agent will: (i) offer to resolve your complaint in the way
you requested.
(ii) make a determination rejecting your Complaint and set out
the reasons for the rejection.
or (iii) offer to resolve your Complaint with an
alternative solution.
In exceptional circumstances, if the Agent is unable to
respond to your Complaint within 15 business days for reasons beyond Coinbase's
control, the Agent will send you a communication indicating the reasons for any
delay in answering your Complaint, and specifying the deadline by which the
Agent will respond to your Complaint, which will be no later than 35 business
days from our receipt of your Complaint form.

8.3.
Arbitration.
Waiver of Class Action.
If we cannot resolve the dispute
through the Formal Complaint Process, you and we agree that any dispute arising
out of or relating to this Agreement or the Coinbase Services, including,
without limitation, federal and state statutory claims, common law claims, and
those based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal
theory, shall be resolved through binding arbitration, on an individual basis
(the “Arbitration Agreement”).
Subject to applicable jurisdictional
requirements, you may elect to pursue your claim in your local small claims
court rather than through arbitration so long as your matter remains in small
claims court and proceeds only on an individual (non-class and
non-representative) basis.
Arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the
American Arbitration Association's rules for arbitration of consumer-related
disputes (accessible at
https://www.adr.org/sites/default/files/Consumer%20Rules.pdf).


This Arbitration Agreement includes, without limitation, disputes arising out of
or related to the interpretation or application of the Arbitration Agreement,
including the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of the
Arbitration Agreement or any portion of the Arbitration Agreement.
All such
matters shall be decided by an arbitrator and not by a court or judge.


CLASS ACTION WAIVER: TO THE EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, ALL CLAIMS MUST BE
BROUGHT IN A PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER
IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, COLLECTIVE ACTION, OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING
(COLLECTIVELY “CLASS ACTION WAIVER”).
THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE
THAN ONE PERSON'S CLAIMS OR ENGAGE IN ANY CLASS ARBITRATION.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE
THAT, BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS, YOU AND COINBASE ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO
A TRIAL BY JURY AND THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.

The arbitration will be conducted by a single, neutral arbitrator and shall take
place in the county or parish in which you reside, or another mutually agreeable
location, in the English language.
The arbitrator may award any relief that a
court of competent jurisdiction could award and the arbitral decision may be
enforced in any court.
An arbitrator’s decision and judgment thereon will not
have a precedential or collateral estoppel effect.
At your request, hearings may
be conducted in person or by telephone and the arbitrator may provide for
submitting and determining motions on briefs, without oral hearings.
To the
extent permitted by law, the prevailing party in any action or proceeding to
enforce this Agreement, any arbitration pursuant to this Agreement,
or any small claims action shall be entitled to costs and attorneys' fees.
If
the arbitrator or arbitration administrator would impose filing fees or other
administrative costs on you, we will reimburse you, upon request, to the extent
such fees or costs would exceed those that you would otherwise have to pay if
you were proceeding instead in a court.
We will also pay additional fees or
costs if required to do so by the arbitration administrator's rules or
applicable law.
9.
General Provisions

9.1.
Computer Viruses. We shall not bear any liability, whatsoever, for any
damage or interruptions caused by any computer viruses or other malicious code
that may affect your computer or other equipment, or any phishing, spoofing or
other attack.
We advise the regular use of a reputable and readily available
virus screening and prevention software.
You should also be aware that SMS and
email services are vulnerable to spoofing and phishing attacks and should use
care in reviewing messages purporting to originate from Coinbase.
Always log
into your Coinbase Account(s) through the Coinbase Site to review any
transactions or required actions if you have any uncertainty regarding the
authenticity of any communication or notice.

9.2.
Release of Coinbase.
Indemnification. If you have a dispute with one or
more users of the Coinbase Services, you release Coinbase, its affiliates and
service providers, and each of their respective officers, directors, agents,
joint venturers, employees and representatives from any and all claims, demands
and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature arising out of
or in any way connected with such disputes.
You agree to indemnify and hold
Coinbase, its affiliates and Service Providers, and each of its or their
respective officers, directors, agents, joint venturers, employees and
representatives, harmless from any claim or demand (including attorneys' fees
and any fines, fees or penalties imposed by any regulatory authority) arising
out of or related to your breach of this Agreement or your violation of any law,
rule or regulation, or the rights of any third party.

9.3.
Limitation of Liability.
No Warranty. IN NO EVENT SHALL COINBASE, ITS
AFFILIATES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS, AGENTS, JOINT VENTURERS, EMPLOYEES OR REPRESENTATIVES, BE LIABLE (A)
FOR ANY AMOUNT GREATER THAN THE VALUE OF THE SUPPORTED DIGITAL CURRENCY ON
DEPOSIT IN YOUR COINBASE ACCOUNT(S) OR (B) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, DIMINUTION IN
VALUE OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, ANY LOSS, DAMAGE, CORRUPTION OR BREACH OF DATA OR
ANY OTHER INTANGIBLE PROPERTY OR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, INTANGIBLE,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH AUTHORIZED OR
UNAUTHORIZED USE OF THE COINBASE SITE OR THE COINBASE SERVICES, OR THIS
AGREEMENT, EVEN IF AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF COINBASE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
OR KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ANY AGREED OR OTHER REMEDY OF ITS ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT OF A FINAL JUDICIAL DETERMINATION THAT SUCH
DAMAGES WERE A RESULT OF COINBASE’S GROSS NEGLIGENCE, FRAUD, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT
OR INTENTIONAL VIOLATION OF LAW.
THIS MEANS, BY WAY OF EXAMPLE ONLY (AND WITHOUT
LIMITING THE SCOPE OF THE PRECEDING SENTENCE), THAT IF YOU CLAIM THAT COINBASE
FAILED TO PROCESS A BUY OR SELL TRANSACTION PROPERLY, YOUR DAMAGES ARE LIMITED
TO NO MORE THAN THE VALUE OF THE SUPPORTED DIGITAL CURRENCY AT ISSUE IN THE
TRANSACTION, AND THAT YOU MAY NOT RECOVER FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITIES, DIMINUTION IN VALUE OR OTHER TYPES OF SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
INDIRECT, INTANGIBLE, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF
THE VALUE OF THE SUPPORTED DIGITAL CURRENCY AT ISSUE IN THE TRANSACTION.
SOME
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
THE COINBASE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS
WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, COINBASE SPECIFICALLY
DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND/OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
COINBASE DOES NOT MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT ACCESS TO THE SITE, ANY PART OF THE COINBASE
SERVICES, OR ANY OF THE MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN, WILL BE CONTINUOUS,
UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, OR ERROR-FREE.
COINBASE DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT ANY
ORDER WILL BE EXECUTED, ACCEPTED, RECORDED OR REMAIN OPEN.
EXCEPT FOR THE
EXPRESS STATEMENTS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE
THAT YOU HAVE NOT RELIED UPON ANY OTHER STATEMENT OR UNDERSTANDING, WHETHER
WRITTEN OR ORAL, WITH RESPECT TO YOUR USE AND ACCESS OF THE COINBASE SERVICES
AND COINBASE SITE.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU HEREBY UNDERSTAND AND
AGREE THAT COINBASE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF
OR RELATING TO: (A) ANY INACCURACY, DEFECT OR OMISSION OF DIGITAL CURRENCY PRICE
DATA, (B) ANY ERROR OR DELAY IN THE TRANSMISSION OF SUCH DATA, OR (C)
INTERRUPTION IN ANY SUCH DATA.
Coinbase makes no representations about the accuracy, order, timeliness or
completeness of historical Digital Currency price data available on the Coinbase
Site.
Coinbase will make reasonable efforts to ensure that requests for
electronic debits and credits involving bank accounts, credit cards, and check
issuances are processed in a timely manner but Coinbase makes no representations
or warranties regarding the amount of time needed to complete processing which
is dependent upon many factors outside of our control.
IF YOU ARE A NEW JERSEY RESIDENT, the provisions of this Section 9.3 are
intended to apply only to the extent permitted under New Jersey law.

9.4.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Privacy Policy, E-Sign Consent, and
Appendices incorporated by reference herein comprise the entire understanding
and agreement between you and Coinbase as to the subject matter hereof, and
supersedes any and all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of any
kind (including without limitation any prior versions of this Agreement), and
every nature between and among you and Coinbase.
Section headings in this
Agreement are for convenience only and shall not govern the meaning or
interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.

9.5.
Amendments. We may amend or modify this Agreement by posting on the
Coinbase Site or emailing to you the revised Agreement, and the revised
Agreement shall be effective at such time.
If you do not agree with any such
modification, your sole and exclusive remedy is to terminate your use of the
Services and close your account.
You agree that we shall not be liable to you or
any third party for any modification or termination of the Coinbase Services, or
suspension or termination of your access to the Coinbase Services, except to the
extent otherwise expressly set forth herein.
If the revised Agreement includes a
material change, we will endeavor to provide you advanced notice via our website
and/or email before the material change becomes effective.

9.6.
Assignment. You may not assign any rights and/or licenses granted under
this Agreement.
We reserve the right to assign our rights without restriction,
including without limitation to any Coinbase affiliates or subsidiaries, or to
any successor in interest of any business associated with the Coinbase Services.
Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof shall be null and void.
Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of
the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.

9.7.
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be determined to be
invalid or unenforceable under any rule, law, or regulation of any local, state,
or federal government agency, such provision will be changed and interpreted to
accomplish the objectives of the provision to the greatest extent possible under
any applicable law and the validity or enforceability of any other provision of
this Agreement shall not be affected.

9.8.
Change of Control. In the event that Coinbase is acquired by or merged
with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances,
to transfer or assign the information we have collected from you as part of such
merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.

9.9.
Survival. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature extend
beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement, including, without
limitation, sections pertaining to suspension or termination, Coinbase Account
cancellation, debts owed to Coinbase, general use of the Coinbase Site, disputes
with Coinbase, and general provisions, shall survive the termination or
expiration of this Agreement.

9.10.
Governing Law. You agree that the laws of the State of California,
without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern this Agreement and
any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and Coinbase,
except to the extent governed by federal law.

9.11.
Force Majeure. We shall not be liable for delays, failure in performance
or interruption of service which result directly or indirectly from any cause or
condition beyond our reasonable control, including but not limited to,
significant market volatility, any delay or failure due to any act of God, act
of civil or military authorities, act of terrorists, civil disturbance, war,
strike or other labor dispute, fire, interruption in telecommunications or
Internet services or network provider services, failure of equipment and/or
software, other catastrophe or any other occurrence which is beyond our
reasonable control and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any
remaining provisions.

9.12.
Non-Waiver of Rights. This agreement shall not be construed to waive
rights that cannot be waived under applicable state money transmission laws in
the state where you are located.
APPENDIX 1: Prohibited Use, Prohibited Businesses and Conditional Use

Prohibited Use

You may not use your Coinbase Account(s) to engage in the
following categories of activity ("Prohibited Uses").
The specific types of use
listed below are representative, but not exhaustive.
If you are uncertain as to
whether or not your use of Coinbase Services involves a Prohibited Use, or have
questions about how these requirements apply to you, please contact us at
https://support.coinbase.com.
By opening a Coinbase Account, you confirm that
you will not use your Account to do any of the following:



Unlawful Activity: Activity which would violate, or assist in violation of, any
law, statute, ordinance, or regulation, sanctions programs administered in the
countries where Coinbase conducts business, including but not limited to the
U.S.
Department of Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), or
which would involve proceeds of any unlawful activity.
publish, distribute or
disseminate any unlawful material or information



Abusive Activity: Actions which impose an unreasonable or disproportionately
large load on our infrastructure, or detrimentally interfere with, intercept, or
expropriate any system, data, or information.
transmit or upload any material to
the Coinbase Site that contains viruses, trojan horses, worms, or any other
harmful or deleterious programs.
attempt to gain unauthorized access to the
Coinbase Site, other Coinbase Accounts, computer systems or networks connected
to the Coinbase Site, through password mining or any other means.
use Coinbase
Account information of another party to access or use the Coinbase Site, except
in the case of specific Merchants and/or applications which are specifically
authorized by a user to access such user's Coinbase Account and information.
or
transfer your account access or rights to your account to a third party, unless
by operation of law or with the express permission of Coinbase.



Abuse Other Users: Interfere with another individual's or entity's access to or
use of any Coinbase Services.
defame, abuse, extort, harass, stalk, threaten or
otherwise violate or infringe the legal rights (such as, but not limited to,
rights of privacy, publicity and intellectual property) of others.
incite,
threaten, facilitate, promote, or encourage hate, racial intolerance, or violent
acts against others.
harvest or otherwise collect information from the Coinbase
Site about others, including without limitation email addresses, without proper
consent



Fraud: Activity which operates to defraud Coinbase, Coinbase users, or any other
person.
provide any false, inaccurate, or misleading information to Coinbase



Gambling: Lotteries.
bidding fee auctions.
sports forecasting or odds making.
fantasy sports leagues with cash prizes.
internet gaming.
contests.
sweepstakes.
games of chance



Intellectual Property Infringement: Engage in transactions involving items that
infringe or violate any copyright, trademark, right of publicity or privacy or
any other proprietary right under the law, including but not limited to sales,
distribution, or access to counterfeit music, movies, software, or other
licensed materials without the appropriate authorization from the rights holder.
use of Coinbase intellectual property, name, or logo, including use of Coinbase
trade or service marks, without express consent from Coinbase or in a manner
that otherwise harms Coinbase or the Coinbase brand.
any action that implies an
untrue endorsement by or affiliation with Coinbase



Prohibited Businesses

In addition to the Prohibited Uses described above, the following categories of
businesses, business practices, and sale items are barred from Coinbase Services
("Prohibited Businesses").
Most Prohibited Businesses categories are imposed by
Card Network rules or the requirements of our banking providers or processors.
The specific types of use listed below are representative, but not exhaustive.
If you are uncertain as to whether or not your use of Coinbase Services involves
a Prohibited Business, or have questions about how these requirements apply to
you, please contact us at https://support.coinbase.com.
By opening a Coinbase Account, you confirm that you will not use Coinbase
Services in connection with any of following businesses, activities, practices,
or items:



Investment and Credit Services: Securities brokers.
mortgage consulting or debt
reduction services.
credit counseling or repair.
real estate opportunities.
investment schemes



Restricted Financial Services: Check cashing, bail bonds.
collections agencies.



Intellectual Property or Proprietary Rights Infringement: Sales, distribution,
or access to counterfeit music, movies, software, or other licensed materials
without the appropriate authorization from the rights holder



Counterfeit or Unauthorized Goods: Unauthorized sale or resale of brand name or
designer products or services.
sale of goods or services that are illegally
imported or exported or which are stolen



Regulated Products and Services: Marijuana dispensaries and related businesses.
sale of tobacco, e-cigarettes, and e-liquid.
online prescription or
pharmaceutical services.
age restricted goods or services.
weapons and
munitions.
gunpowder and other explosives.
fireworks and related goods.
toxic,
flammable, and radioactive materials.
products and services with varying legal
status on a state-by-state basis



Drugs and Drug Paraphernalia: Sale of narcotics, controlled substances, and any
equipment designed for making or using drugs, such as bongs, vaporizers, and
hookahs



Pseudo-Pharmaceuticals: Pharmaceuticals and other products that make health
claims that have not been approved or verified by the applicable local and/or
national regulatory body



Substances designed to mimic illegal drugs: Sale of a legal substance that
provides the same effect as an illegal drug (e.g., salvia, kratom)



Adult Content and Services: Pornography and other obscene materials (including
literature, imagery and other media).
sites offering any sexually-related
services such as prostitution, escorts, pay-per view, adult live chat features



Multi-level Marketing: Pyramid schemes, network marketing, and referral
marketing programs



Unfair, predatory or deceptive practices: Investment opportunities or other
services that promise high rewards.
Sale or resale of a service without added
benefit to the buyer.
resale of government offerings without authorization or
added value.
sites that we determine in our sole discretion to be unfair,
deceptive, or predatory towards consumers



High risk businesses: any businesses that we believe poses elevated financial
risk, legal liability, or violates card network or bank policies



Conditional Use

Express written consent and approval from Coinbase must be
obtained prior to using Coinbase Services for the following categories of
business and/or use ("Conditional Uses").
Consent may be requested by contacting
us at https://support.coinbase.com.
Coinbase may also require you to agree to
additional conditions, make supplemental representations and warranties,
complete enhanced on-boarding procedures, and operate subject to restrictions if
you use Coinbase Services in connection with any of following businesses,
activities, or practices:



Money Services: Money transmitters, Digital Currency transmitters.
currency or
Digital Currency exchanges or dealers.
gift cards.
prepaid cards.
sale of
in-game currency unless the merchant is the operator of the virtual world.
act
as a payment intermediary or aggregator or otherwise resell any of the Coinbase
Services



Charities: Acceptance of donations for nonprofit enterprise



Games of Skill: Games which are not defined as gambling under this Agreement or
by law, but which require an entry fee and award a prize



Religious/Spiritual Organizations: Operation of a for-profit religious or
spiritual organization


APPENDIX 2: Verification Procedures and Limits
As a regulated financial service company operating in the US we are required to
identify users on our platform.
This ensures we remain in compliance with
KYC/AML laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, something that is
necessary for us to be able to continue to offer digital currency exchange
services to our customers.
Coinbase collects and verifies information about you
in order to: (a) protect Coinbase and the community from fraudulent users, and
(b) to keep appropriate records of Coinbase's customers.
Your daily or weekly
Conversion limits, Coinbase Pro deposit, withdrawal and trading limits, Instant
Buy limits, USD Wallet transfer limits, and limits on transactions from a linked
payment method are based on the identifying information and/or proof of identity
you provide to Coinbase.
All U.S.
customers who wish to use Coinbase Services are required to establish a
Coinbase Account by:


Providing your name and valid email address, a password and your state of
residence,


Certifying that you are 18 years or older,


Accepting User Agreement and Privacy Policy, and


Verifying your identity by submitting the following information:

Name
DOB
Physical address
SSN (or ID # from gov’t issued ID)
Source of funds
Income/employment information (US only)
Explanation of activity (US only)



All U.S.
customers who wish to send and received Digital Currency on to the
blockchain are required to:


Submit a copy of an acceptable form of identification (i.e.
passport, state
driver's license, or state identification card), and


Submit a picture of yourself or a selfie from your webcam or mobile phone.


Notwithstanding these minimum verification procedures for the referenced
Coinbase Services, Coinbase may require you to provide or verify additional
information, or to wait some amount of time after completion of a transaction,
before permitting you to use any Coinbase Services and/or before permitting you
to engage in transactions beyond certain volume limits.
You may determine the
volume limits associated with your level of identity verification by visiting
your account's Limits page.
You may contact us at https://support.coinbase.com to request larger limits.
Coinbase will require you to submit to Enhanced Due Diligence.
Additional fees
and costs may apply, and Coinbase does not guarantee that we will raise your
limits.
APPENDIX 3: E-Sign Disclosure and Consent
This policy describes how Coinbase delivers communications to you
electronically.
We may amend this policy at any time by providing a revised
version on our website.
The revised version will be effective at the time we
post it.
We will provide you with prior notice of any material changes via our
website.

Electronic Delivery of Communications

You agree and consent to receive electronically all communications, agreements,
documents, notices and disclosures (collectively, "Communications") that we
provide in connection with your Coinbase Account(s) and your use of Coinbase
Services.
Communications include:


Terms of use and policies you agree to (e.g., the Coinbase User Agreement and
Privacy Policy), including updates to these agreements or policies;


Account details, history, transaction receipts, confirmations, and any other
Account or transaction information;


Legal, regulatory, and tax disclosures or statements we may be required to make
available to you.
and


Responses to claims or customer support inquiries filed in connection with your
Account.


We will provide these Communications to you by posting them on the Coinbase
website, emailing them to you at the primary email address listed in your
Coinbase profile, communicating to you via instant chat, and/or through other
electronic communication such as text message or mobile push notification.

Hardware and Software Requirements

In order to access and retain electronic Communications, you will need the
following computer hardware and software:


A device with an Internet connection;


A current web browser that includes 128-bit encryption (e.g.
Internet Explorer
version 9.0 and above, Firefox version 3.6 and above, Chrome version 31.0 and
above, or Safari 7.0 and above) with cookies enabled;


A valid email address (your primary email address on file with Coinbase).
and


Sufficient storage space to save past Communications or an installed printer to
print them.



How to Withdraw Your Consent

You may withdraw your consent to receive Communications electronically by
contacting us at https://support.coinbase.com .
If you fail to provide or if you
withdraw your consent to receive Communications electronically, Coinbase
reserves the right to immediately close your Account or charge you additional
fees for paper copies.

Updating your Information

It is your responsibility to provide us with a true, accurate and complete
e-mail address and your contact information, and to keep such information up to
date.
You understand and agree that if Coinbase sends you an electronic
Communication but you do not receive it because your primary email address on
file is incorrect, out of date, blocked by your service provider, or you are
otherwise unable to receive electronic Communications, Coinbase will be deemed
to have provided the Communication to you.
You may update your information by logging into your account and visiting
settings or by contacting our support team at https://support.coinbase.com.
APPENDIX 4: State License Disclosures
Coinbase maintains licenses to engage in money transmission activities in many
states, and these licenses may impact our provision and your use of certain
Coinbase Services depending on where you live.
Coinbase's licenses and
corresponding required disclosures can be found on the Coinbase
Licenses page, which is incorporated by
reference.
If you live in the following jurisdictions, we are required to provide you with
the following information:

Alaska Please note that this license does not cover the transmission of virtual
currency.
If you have a complaint or other concern about Alaska money services
licensees, authorized delegates, and the money services provided by money
services licensees and authorized delegates, you may contact the Alaska
Department of Commerce, Community, and Economic Development, Division of Banking
and Securities at (907) 465-2521.

Florida If you have a question or complaint, please contact the consumer
assistance division of Coinbase at https://support.coinbase.com or
1-888-908-7930.
NOTICE by the Florida Office of Financial Regulation: BY GRANTING COINBASE A
LICENSE, THE FLORIDA OFFICE OF FINANCIAL REGULATION IS NOT ENDORSING THE USE OF
DIGITAL OR VIRTUAL CURRENCIES.


U.S.
currency is legal tender backed by the U.S.
government.


Digital and virtual currencies are not issued or backed by the U.S.
government,
or related in any way to U.S.
currency, and have fewer regulatory protections.


The value of digital and virtual currencies is derived from supply and demand in
the global marketplace which can rise or fall independently of any fiat
(government) currency.


Holding digital and virtual currencies carries exchange rate and other types of
risk.


POTENTIAL USERS OF DIGITAL OR VIRTUAL CURRENCIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
BITCOIN, SHOULD BE FOREWARNED OF A POSSIBLE FINANCIAL LOSS AT THE TIME THAT
SUCH CURRENCIES ARE EXCHANGED FOR FIAT CURRENCY DUE TO AN UNFAVORABLE EXCHANGE
RATE.
A FAVORABLE EXCHANGE RATE AT THE TIME OF EXCHANGE CAN RESULT IN A TAX
LIABILITY.
PLEASE CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES
ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR HOLDING OR USE OF DIGITAL OR VIRTUAL CURRENCIES.

Louisiana Coinbase is licensed by the Louisiana Office of Financial Institutions
as a money transmitter.
The Louisiana Office of Financial Institutions does not
license or regulate services related to virtual currency, including but not
limited to transmission or exchange which may be conducted by Coinbase.

Maryland The Commissioner of Financial Regulation for the State of Maryland will
accept all questions or complaints from Maryland residents regarding Coinbase,
Inc.
(License No.
12-1163082 and NMLS ID: 1163082) by contacting the
Commissioner's office at: 500 North Calvert Street, Suite 402, Baltimore,
Maryland 21202, or (888) 784-0136.

New York Coinbase holds licenses issued by the New York State Department of
Financial Services ("NYDFS") to engage in money transmission and virtual
currency business activity, respectively.
If you have a complaint, please
contact us at https://support.coinbase.com or 1-888-908-7930.
New York consumers
may also direct unresolved complaints directly to NYDFS at the NYDFS Consumer
Complaint
Portal
or by contacting the NYDFS as follows: NYDFS Consumer Assistance Unit, One
Commerce Plaza, Albany, NY 12257, 1-800-342-3736.
Please note the following disclosures associated with virtual currency:


Virtual currency is not legal tender, is not backed by the government, and
accounts and value balances are not subject to Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation or Securities Investor Protection Corporation protections.


Legislative and regulatory changes or actions at the state, federal, or
international level may adversely affect the use, transfer, exchange, and value
of virtual currency.


Transactions in virtual currency may be irreversible, and, accordingly, losses
due to fraudulent or accidental transactions may not be recoverable.


Some virtual currency transactions shall be deemed to be made when recorded on a
public ledger, which is not necessarily the date or time that the customer
initiates the transaction.


The value of virtual currency may be derived from the continued willingness of
market participants to exchange fiat currency for virtual currency, which may
result in the potential for permanent and total loss of value of a particular
virtual currency should the market for that virtual currency disappear.


There is no assurance that a person who accepts a virtual currency as payment
today will continue to do so in the future.


The volatility and unpredictability of the price of virtual currency relative to
fiat currency may result in significant loss over a short period of time.


The nature of virtual currency may lead to an increased risk of fraud or cyber
attack.


The nature of virtual currency means that any technological difficulties
experienced by Coinbase may prevent the access or use of a customer’s virtual
currency.


Any bond or trust account maintained by Coinbase for the benefit of its
customers may not be sufficient to cover all losses incurred by customers.



Texas If you have a complaint, please contact the consumer assistance division
of Coinbase at https://support.coinbase.com or 1-888-908-7930.
If you still have
an unresolved complaint regarding Coinbase's money transmission activity, please
direct your complaint to: Texas Department of Banking, 2601 North Lamar
Boulevard, Austin, Texas 78705, 1-877-276-5554 (toll free), or
www.dob.texas.gov.

Tennessee Please note that Coinbase's Tennessee license and the required surety
bond do not cover the transmission of virtual currency.
Coinbase is licensed by
the Tennessee Department of Financial Institutions as a money transmitter.
The
Tennessee Department of Financial Institutions does not regulate virtual
currency.

Virginia Coinbase is licensed by the Virginia State Corporation Commission as a
money transmitter, but such license does not cover the transmission of virtual
currency (Bitcoin).

Washington Fraudulent transactions may result in the loss of your money with no
recourse.
In addition, please note the following disclosures associated with
transactions with virtual currency:


A schedule of all fees and charges Coinbase may assess on a transaction can be
found here:
https://support.coinbase.com/customer/en/portal/articles/2109597-coinbase-pricing-fees-disclosures.
All fees and charges are disclosed prior to completing your transaction, and the
fees and charges are assessed at the time of the transaction.


Virtual currency is not legal tender, is not backed by the government, and
accounts and value balances are not insured against theft or loss by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation or the Securities Investor Protection Corporation.
Coinbase maintains about 98% or more of customer digital currency in cold
storage, with the remainder in secure online servers as necessary to serve the
liquidity needs of our customers.
Coinbase maintains commercial criminal
insurance in an aggregate amount that is greater than the value of digital
currency we maintain in online storage.
Our insurance policy insures against
theft of digital currency that results from a security breach or hack, employee
theft, or fraudulent transfer.
Our policy does not cover any losses resulting
from unauthorized access to your personal Coinbase or Coinbase Pro account(s).
It is your responsibility to use a strong password and maintain control of all
login credentials you use to access Coinbase and Coinbase Pro.
For more
information about our insurance program, see
https://www.coinbase.com/legal/insurance?locale=en-US.


Transactions in virtual currency are irrevocable, and, accordingly, losses due
to fraudulent or accidental transactions may not be recoverable.
Additionally,
the nature of virtual currency may lead to an increased risk of fraud or cyber
attack, and the value of your virtual currency stored with Coinbase may be
irretrievably stolen.


Coinbase is not liable for unauthorized, mistaken, or accidental transfers.
If
you mistakenly or accidentally transfer virtual currency, or if an unauthorized
transfer occurs or you believe your account has been compromised, you must
notify Coinbase immediately.
Coinbase will investigate your claim, determine the
proper course of action, and notify you as appropriate.
Pending completion of
the investigation, Coinbase may temporarily block access to your account,
require you to reset your password, or take other action as appropriate.


PART 2.
Coinbase Pro
1.
Coinbase Pro Accounts.

1.1 Access to Coinbase Pro. Eligible users may establish an account at Coinbase Pro (at pro.coinbase.com), an order book exchange platform for Digital Currencies.
Coinbase does not offer Coinbase Pro to customers in all jurisdictions.
This Part 2 of the User Agreement applies to you if you access Coinbase Pro.

1.2 Order Books. Coinbase Pro offers an order book for various Digital Currency and Fiat Currency trading pairs (each an 'Order Book').
Refer to your Coinbase Pro account to determine which Order Books are available to you.

1.3 Your Coinbase Pro Account.
Your Coinbase Pro Account consists of the following.


A dedicated Hosted Digital Currency Wallet for each Digital Currency offered on Coinbase Pro.


A dedicated Fiat Currency Wallet.


Associated user tools, accessible at pro.coinbase.com and through Coinbase Pro API.



1.4 Deposits.
You may fund your Coinbase Pro Account by depositing Digital Currency and/or Fiat Currency from your basic Coinbase Account, Bank Account or an external Digital Currency address into your Coinbase Pro Account.
Funds in your Coinbase Pro Account can be used only to trade on Coinbase Pro.

1.5 Withdrawals.
You may withdraw Digital Currency from your Coinbase Pro Account by transfer to your basic Coinbase Account or to an external Digital Currency address.
You may withdraw Fiat Currency from your Coinbase Pro Account to your basic Coinbase Account or directly to your Bank Account.

ALL DEPOSITS AND WITHDRAWALS MAY BE SUBJECT TO LIMITS.
ALL LIMITS WILL BE DISPLAYED IN YOUR Coinbase Pro ACCOUNT.


1.6 Withdrawal Fees. Coinbase may also charge a fee on certain Fiat Currency deposit or withdrawal methods (e.g.
bank wire).
All such fees will be clearly displayed in your Coinbase Pro Account.
2.
Trading Rules and Trading Fees

2.1 Trading Rules.
By accessing Coinbase Pro through pro.coinbase.com or Coinbase Pro API, you accept and agree to be bound by the Trading Rules

2.2.
Trading Fees.
By placing an order on Coinbase Pro, you agree to pay all applicable fees and you authorize Coinbase to automatically deduct fees directly from your Coinbase Pro Account.
Trading Fees are set forth in the Trading Rules and at pro.coinbase.com/fees
3.
General Use, Restrictions, and Cancellation.

3.1.
Trading Account Use.
By using a Coinbase Pro Account you agree and represent that you will use Coinbase Pro only for yourself as Account owner, and not on behalf of any third party, unless you have obtained prior approval from Coinbase.
You may not sell, lease, furnish or otherwise permit or provide access to your Trading Account to any other entity or to any individual that is not your employee or agent.
You accept full responsibility for your employees' or agents' use of Coinbase Pro, whether such use is directly through Coinbase Pro website or by other means, such as those facilitated through API keys, and/or applications which you may authorize.
You understand and agree that you are responsible for any and all orders, trades, and other instructions entered into Coinbase Pro including identifiers, permissions, passwords, and security codes associated with your Coinbase Pro Account.

3.2.
Suspension and Cancellation.
We may suspend your Coinbase Pro Account or your access to any one for more Order Books in accordance with the User Agreement Account suspension and termination provisions.
Suspension or termination of your Coinbase Pro Account shall not affect the payment of fees or other amounts you owe to Coinbase.
In the event that your Basic Coinbase Account is suspended or terminated, we will immediately cancel all open orders associated with your Coinbase Pro Account, block all withdrawals and bar the placing of further orders until resolution or Account cancellation.

3.3.
No Warranty.
We do not represent that Coinbase Pro and/or its constituent Coinbase Pro Accounts, APIs, and related services, will be available without interruption.
Although we will strive to provide you with continuous operations, we do not guarantee continuous access or that there will be no delays, failures, errors, omissions or loss of transmitted information, nor do we guarantee that any order will be executed, accepted, recorded, or remain open.
Coinbase reserves the right to cancel any open trades and/or suspend Coinbase Pro activity in accordance with the Trading Rules.

3.4.
No Investment Advice or Brokerage.
For the avoidance of doubt, Coinbase does not provide investment, tax, or legal advice, nor does Coinbase broker trades on your behalf.
All Coinbase Pro trades are executed automatically, based on the parameters of your order instructions and in accordance with posted Trade execution procedures, and you are solely responsible for determining whether any investment, investment strategy or related transaction is appropriate for you based on your personal investment objectives, financial circumstances and risk tolerance.
You should consult your legal or tax professional regarding your specific situation.

3.5.
Debts. In the event that there are outstanding amounts owed to us hereunder, including in your Coinbase Account, Coinbase reserves the right to debit your Coinbase Pro Account accordingly and/or to withhold amounts from funds you may transfer from your Coinbase Pro Account to your Coinbase Account. 