 Custom Ink Content Guidelines
Last Modified: 5/18/16

 Statement of Principles Content Guidelines NO – Custom Ink will not print designs that: SLOW – Custom Ink may not print or may require changes to designs that: GO – Custom Ink will print designs that:
 Statement of Principles:
Custom Ink believes in the power of custom apparel and accessories to bring groups and communities together, and we want to help our customers create products with designs that are meaningful and unifying.
Our customers have diverse viewpoints and perspectives, which are reflected in the designs they create, and we believe that we all must be tolerant of those with different views.
In rare cases, however, a design proposed by a customer may be offensive or threatening to others who see the design.
In such cases, we use the following guidelines to balance our customers’ design goals with the standards and expectations of the Custom Ink community and the public.
When a design does not meet our Content Guidelines, we will make every effort to work with the customer to try to create an alternate design that complies with the guidelines below. Content Guidelines:
Custom Ink's Content Guidelines provide guidance for customers in designing custom products.
Our Content Guidelines use a sliding scale from “no” to “go” to account for the range of potential designs, so we can work with customers to create a design that meets these standards.
The descriptions under each category are not meant to be exhaustive, and the ultimate decision on whether to approve a design, or not, will always rest with Custom Ink's Content Guidelines team.
Custom Ink regularly reviews these policies and updates them as appropriate based on feedback from our customers and team members. NO – Custom Ink will not print designs that:

Violate the intellectual property rights of others (see intellectual property policy)
Encourage violence or hate against individuals or groups
Attack, harass, or defame others based on race, religion, ethnicity, gender, disability, national origin, or sexual identity
Include hate speech or symbols (including but not limited to swastikas, iron crosses, etc.)
Promote, feature, or encourage the use of hard drugs (i.e.
other than marijuana)
Feature explicit sex acts or frontal nudity of a non-artistic or health/medical nature
Include sexually suggestive images or text involving children (including nudity)
Promote, feature, or encourage underage drinking or marijuana use by minors
 SLOW – Custom Ink may not print or may require changes to designs that:

Include crass vulgarity, lewd language, or swear words 
Feature implicit sex acts, non-frontal nudity, or other nudity of an artistic or health/medical nature
Have an overtly sexually connotation or tone, including strong sexual innuendo 
Involve violent terms or images that are not directed at an individual or group, such as historical images of violence
Promote, feature or encourage illegal activities (other than those mentioned above)
Might cause public outrage or inspire violence due to a recent event
Include other content that would be offensive to the Custom Ink community 
 GO – Custom Ink will print designs that:

Use language and images appropriate for adults and children of all ages
Create a sense of community and are not likely to offend individuals or groups
Support intellectual property rights by using authorized images and content, including those owned or legally authorized to be used by the customer
   User Agreement &amp.
Policies
What this Agreement Covers
This Agreement governs your use of the Site and the CustomInk.com service (the "Service").
The Service permits customers that have an appropriate relationship either with: (i) institutions of higher learning, fraternal organizations, honor societies and other collegiate groups (collectively, "Institutions").
(ii) corporations and small businesses.
(iii) elementary and secondary schools.
or (iv) other organizations, to design and purchase custom merchandise properly describing that relationship.
You understand that by using the Site and the Service, you have agreed to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and you agree to use the Site and the Service solely as provided in this Agreement. Intellectual Property Rights of CustomInk.com and Third Parties
CustomInk.com is committed to the appropriate and legal use of the intellectual property of others, and we require our users to behave similarly.
Unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs and written and other materials that appear on the CustomInk.com Site (collectively the "Contents") are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual properties owned, controlled or licensed by CustomInk.com.
CustomInk.com is the owner of the CUSTOMINK trademark.
other trademarks made available through this Site, including logos, slogans, color schemes and design trademarks, are licensed for use by CustomInk.com from Institutions and other third parties (the "Licensed Marks").
By using the CustomInk.com Site, you agree to limit your use of Licensed Marks to uses that are directly related to such third parties and to comply with any restrictions or conditions imposed on the use and access of the Licensed Marks by the third parties.
CustomInk.com will notify you of such terms if your usage is in violation of such terms.
Generally, products created using images available on the site should not be resold commercially.
In the event that you wish to resell such products, you agree to contact CustomInk.com and verify the legality of reselling such products prior to doing so.
Designs created using the text tools and images available through the site are in no way the exclusive property of the customers who assemble such designs.
CustomInk.com retains the right to display such designs or offer them (or variations of such designs) to other customers.
Additionally, CustomInk.com has the sole discretion to reject any order that it considers libelous, defamatory, obscene, profane (according to standards established by the FCC), portraying irresponsible use of alcohol or other substances, advocating persecution based on gender, age, race, religion, disability or national origin, containing explicit sexual content or is otherwise inappropriate for CustomInk.com production.
You agree to not use CustomInk.com's Service to create any material that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable, or that infringes on any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any third party. Content Guidelines
Click Here to view our Content Guidelines. Privacy Policy
Click Here to view our Privacy Policy. Anti-Sweat Shop Policy
CustomInk.com supports high standards for manufacturing labor conditions.
Accordingly, we seek to work with suppliers who promote such standards within their operations.
CustomInk.com relies upon referrals, reputation and, in some cases, personal inspections to identify such vendors. Payment Policies
CustomInk.com accepts online or telephone payment via credit card, debit card, or electronic check (ACH).
All payments sent electronically are securely transmitted.
CustomInk.com also accepts payment via purchase order for qualified customers.
Invoices may be paid by check or credit or debit card. Shipment/Delivery Times
Custom Ink's orders are generally delivered within 14 days.
Customers who are concerned about meeting deadlines should contact a Service/Sales Representative.
Rush orders on screen-printed apparel items are available for a 10% rush charge.
Rush orders are delivered within 7 days.
Delivery times may vary during the holiday seasons.
Returns Policy
CustomInk.com goes to great lengths to ensure that all orders are filled accurately and on time and are of the highest quality.
Accordingly, CustomInk.com accepts returns and will refund payment if and when customers are disappointed by CustomInk.com merchandise for one of the following reasons: (a) the blank items themselves are materially flawed.
(b) the quality of the decorating (i.e., the printing or embroidery) is below a reasonable range of expectations.
or (c) the design of the final product is materially different from the final design submitted by the customer.
 Cancellation Policy
For Standard Delivery orders, you may change or cancel your order within twenty-four (24) hours of submitting your order.
 For Rush Delivery orders (any order requiring faster delivery than a Standard Delivery order), you may not change or cancel your order.
 Limit of CustomInk.com's Responsibility CustomInk.com will be responsible for acting only on those instructions sent to CustomInk.com that actually are received and does not assume responsibility for malfunctions in communications facilities not under its control that may affect the accuracy or timeliness of any orders you send.
CustomInk.com is not responsible for any losses or delays in transmission of orders arising out of the use of any Internet Access Service Provider or caused by any browser software or any computer virus or related problem that may be attributable to services provided by any Internet Access Service Provider.
CustomInk.com is not responsible should you give incorrect instructions or if your credit-card payment is not processed by your credit-card company.
The information and materials contained in this Site, including text, graphics, links or other items, are provided "as is", "as available".
CustomInk.com does not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the information and materials on the Site and expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in this information and materials.
No warranty of any kind, implied, express or statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or freedom from computer virus, is given in conjunction with the information and materials.
In no event will CustomInk.com be liable for any damages, including without limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, losses or expenses arising in connection with this site or use thereof or inability to use by any party, or in connection with any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or line or system failure, even if CustomInk.com, or representatives thereof, are advised of the possibility of such damages, losses or expenses. Intellectual Property Claims  Custom Ink respects the intellectual property rights of others.
We have a policy of removing user submissions that violate copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property laws, suspending or blocking access to the design-saving or other features of our site to any user who uses our site in violation of any such law, and/or terminating in appropriate circumstances the account (if any) of any user who uses our site in violation of any such law.
Pursuant to Title 17 of the United States Code, Section 512, we have implemented procedures for receiving written notification of claimed copyright infringement and for processing such claims in accordance with such law.
If you believe your copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right is being infringed by a user of CustomInk.com, please provide written notice to the following agent for notice of claims of infringement: 
 Bailey Rockwell Custom Ink, LLC 2910 District Ave. Fairfax VA, 22031 Tel: 703-891-2205 Email: ip-notices@customink.com 
 In order for us to respond to your notice, it must: (i) contain your physical or electronic signature.
(ii) identify the copyrighted work, trademark, or other intellectual property alleged to have been infringed.
(iii) identify the allegedly infringing material in a sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate that material.
(iv) contain adequate information by which we can contact you (including postal address, telephone number, and e-mail address).
(v) contain a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material, trademark, or other intellectual property is not authorized by the owner, the owner's agent, or the law.
(vi) contain a statement that the information in the written notice is accurate.
and (vii) contain a statement, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right owner.
 Indemnity You agree to defend, indemnify and hold CustomInk.com and its affiliates harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from or relating to your use of CustomInk.com's Site and the Service, your violation of this Agreement, or your violation of any rights of another. Governing Law This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia and, where applicable, by federal law.
Last updated on: 6/10/2016   Privacy Policy

Last Modified: July 23, 2018

CustomInk, LLC ("Custom Ink", “we” or “us”) understands that security and privacy are important issues for users of our services available at www.customink.com (the "Site").
The following Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes how we collect, use and share the information that we gather about the users of our Site.
Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Site.
By using our Site, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your information, including Personal Information (defined below), as described in this Policy.
Your use of our Site is subject to this Policy and our User Agreement.
This Policy may change from time to time (see Changes to this Policy).
Your continued use of our Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check this Policy periodically for updates.
Information we collect
How we use your information
How we share your information
Cookies and other tracking mechanisms
California do not track disclosure
Online advertising
Your choices
International transfers
Your European privacy rights
Your California privacy rights
Children’s privacy
External links
Security
Data Retention
Changes to this Policy
Contacting Custom Ink
 Information we collect
We may collect information directly from you, automatically through your use of our Site, and from third parties.
We may combine all of information we collect about you from these various sources.


Information we collect directly from you. Depending on how you use our Site, you may provide us with certain information that can identify you as an individual, such as your name, email address, phone number, credit or debit card information and shipping or billing address (collectively, "Personal Information").
We will also collect any other information that you choose to provide to us through our Site (e.g., contents of messages you send to us through our Site).

Content that you provide. You may upload comments, reviews, graphics, photos or other materials to the Site ("Content").
If you post Content on our Site, the Content (e.g., t-shirt designs or photos submitted as part of a contest), as well as other information (e.g., user name or profile picture), may be available to all visitors to our Site, and we cannot prevent such Content or information from being used in a manner that may violate this Policy, our User Agreement, the law, or your personal privacy.

Information we collect about you from third parties. We may collect information about you from third parties.
For example, we may collect demographics information from public sources and from third-party data and analytics companies.
In addition, we may collect information about you from other Custom Ink users (e.g., if one user ships a package to another user).

Information we collect automatically through your use of our Site. We may automatically collect information about your use of our Site and your orders, including but not limited to your Internet protocol (“IP”) address.
the type of web browser you are using.
the website that led you to our Site.
the website you visit after leaving our Site.
the pages you view on our Site.
the dates and times you access our Site.
and information about any orders you place, such as your order identification number, items ordered and the cost of your order.
 How we use your information
Custom Ink may use your information, including Personal Information and/or Content, for the following purposes:


Providing our services. To facilitate your orders and administer your account.
to respond to your questions or requests.
to provide you with news or other information we think may interest you.
to communicate with you about your account, orders or use of our Site or for other informational purposes.
to improve our services.
and for other account or customer support-related purposes.
Please note that we use your email address to save and identify your products designs on our Site, and so please be aware that your designs can be viewed on the Site by anyone who enters your email address.

Marketing and advertising. To provide you with special offers, product information and other marketing or promotional communications from Custom Ink or from other third parties.
We may provide marketing or advertising to you in a variety of ways, including through our Site, via email or on other third-party websites (e.g., using Google Customer Match or Facebook Ads).
See our Online advertising and Your choices sections below for more information.

Research and analytics. To analyze how customers use our Site, services and products.
to analyze how customers interact with marketing or other communications we send to them.
and for other research, analytical and statistical purposes.
This research may include creating profiles to help us analyze or predict your personal preferences or interests for marketing purposes.

Protecting rights and interests. To investigate, protect or defend the rights, safety or property of Custom Ink, our customers or the public.
to investigate or enforce perceived violations of our User Agreement or this Policy.
as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
and for fraud protection and credit risk reduction purposes.
 How we share your information
Custom Ink may share your information, including Personal Information and/or Content, with the following types of third parties:


Service providers. Custom Ink may share your information with third-party service providers, vendors, agents, contractors or others who perform functions on our behalf.
For example, we may use service providers to process your orders, deliver packages or send mail.
We will obtain consent for such sharing with service providers where legally required.
We enter into written agreements with these third-party service providers requiring them to provide the same level of protection for your Personal Information as provided under this Policy and limiting their use of your Personal Information to the specified services provided on our behalf.

Corporate affiliates. Custom Ink may share your information with any current or future parent company, affiliate or subsidiary.

Other unaffiliated third parties. Subject to applicable laws, Custom Ink may share your information directly with third parties, including so they may send you marketing offers directly.
The information that we share with such third parties may include, without limitation, your email address, billing address, shipping address and order information (e.g., total price).
Custom Ink may also share your information, including Personal Information and/or Content, in the following contexts:

Protecting rights and interests. Custom Ink may share your information with law enforcement agencies and others as we deem appropriate to investigate, protect or defend the rights, safety or property of Custom Ink, our customers or the public.
to investigate or enforce perceived violations of our User Agreement or this Policy.
as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
and for fraud protection and credit risk reduction purposes.

Sale or acquisition of assets. Custom Ink may share your information if we become involved in a transaction involving the sale of our assets, such as a merger or acquisition, if we are transferred to another company, in the event of a bankruptcy, or as part of any other business transfer.
If the surviving entity in such a transaction is not Custom Ink, the surviving entity may use your information pursuant to its own privacy policies, which may be different from this Policy.

Legal compliance. Custom Ink may share your information to comply with laws, regulations, legal process (e.g., a warrant or subpoena) or guidance.
and to respond to governmental requests (e.g., requests from a regulator).

Aggregate or anonymous information. Custom Ink may share anonymized or aggregated information about Custom Ink users to third parties without restriction.
For example, we may share anonymized or aggregated information to inform a third party’s decision on whether to place advertisements on our Site or on other websites.
These companies may use such information about your visits to the Site and other websites to provide advertisements on the Site and other websites.
 Cookies and other tracking mechanisms
We may automatically collect information about you through the use of common information-gathering tools, as well as new tracking technologies that develop as technology evolves.
The tools that we or our service providers may use to track you include the following:


Cookies. A cookie is a small string of text that a website can send to your browser to help the website remember and customize your visit.
For example, we use cookies to help us to tailor our Site to you, remember your orders, keep you logged into your account, and compile statistics about Site usage.
With most Internet browsers or other software, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block or disable cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
Please refer to your browser instructions to learn more about these functions.
If you reject cookies, functionality of the Site may be limited, and you may not be able to take advantage of many of the Site's features (e.g., you may not be able to stay logged into your account).

Web beacons/clear GIFs. Clear graphics interchange format images (“GIFs”) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, that are embedded invisibly on web pages or in emails.
We or our service providers may use clear GIFs (also known as web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags) in connection with our Site to track the activities of visitors to our Site, help us manage content and compile statistics about usage of our Site.
We or our service providers may also use clear GIFs in emails to our users, to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed and track whether our emails are forwarded.

LSOs. We may also use local storage objects (“LSOs”) to store your Site preferences and to personalize your visit.
LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored.
Typically, you cannot control, delete or disable the acceptance of LSOs through your web browser.
For more information on Flash LSOs, or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash LSOs, please click here.
We may use applications, servers and other technology provided by third-party companies, such as Google Analytics, to help us improve our Site, performance and user experiences.
These entities may use cookies and information-gathering tools, such as web beacons or LSOs, to perform their services.
 California do not track disclosure
Our Site does not respond to do not track signals (e.g., the Mozilla Firefox Do Not Track feature), though you may be able to disable certain tracking as discussed above (e.g., by disabling cookies).
There is still no universally accepted standard regarding tracking, but for more information about do not track signals, please click here. Online advertising
We use third-party marketing or advertising companies (e.g., Google Customer Match) to serve advertisements on our Site and on third-party websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms).
This enables these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested.
These advertisements may be targeted based on the pages you view on our Site or on third-party websites, as well as other information that they may have about you.
These third parties may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), LSOs and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you.
We may provide these third-party advertisers with information, including Personal Information, about you, as permitted under our agreements with such third parties.
Users in the United States may opt out of many third-party ad networks.
For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Consumer Choice Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and your choices regarding having information used by DAA companies.
You may also go to the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) Consumer Opt-Out Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and your choices regarding having information used by NAI members.
Opting out from one or more companies listed on the DAA Consumer Choice Page or the NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page will opt you out from those companies’ delivery of interest-based content or advertisements to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our Site or on other websites.
Please note that even if you opt out, you may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads).
Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you opt out on the DAA or NAI websites, your opt out may not be effective.
Additional information is available on the DAA’s website at www.aboutads.info or the NAI’s website at
www.networkadvertising.org.
The service providers we use for online advertising may change.
However, for your convenience, here are the opt outs for some of the advertising service providers we use as of the “Last Modified” date of this Policy:
Google Ads Opt Out
Google Analytics Opt Out
 Your choices


Account information. If you ever wish to access your Personal Information, update your Personal Information or cancel your account, please contact us at privacy@customink.com or through the contact information below.
Please note that we may maintain copies of your information and Content even after you have updated the information or canceled your account.

Communications from Custom Ink. We may send periodic promotional or informational emails to you, about Custom Ink and other third-party information and offers.
In the event you do not wish to receive such emails from Custom Ink, you may opt out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained within the body of any email message you receive or by emailing us at privacy@customink.com and requesting that you no longer receive communications from us.
It may take us up to ten (10) business days to process your opt out request.
Even if you have opted out of receiving marketing and promotional emails from us, we may still send you transactional emails, such as emails about your account or the services you have requested from us.

Communications from Third Parties. You may also opt out of our sharing your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes on a going forward basis by emailing us at privacy@customink.com.
Please note that once we have shared your information with a third party, such information is subject to that third party’s privacy policies and practices.

Online advertising. Please see our Online advertising section above for more information about your choices regarding online interest-based advertising.
 International transfers
 Our Site is maintained in the United States of America.
The information we collect from you through our services may be transferred to, stored at, and processed in the USA and other destinations outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or other country in which you are located.
This includes processing by us, our affiliates, our third party service companies and other third parties as described in this Policy.
You explicitly consent and agree to such transfer, storing and/or processing of your Personal Information outside the EEA or other country in which you are located.
You understand that data stored in the USA may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the USA.
The USA may not have data protection laws that are as comprehensive or protective as those in your country of residence.
however, our collection, storage and use of your Personal Information will at all times be in accordance with this Policy.
 Your European privacy rights
If you are a resident of the European Union, you have certain additional rights with respect to your Personal information under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (the “GDPR”), including the following:

The right of access to your Personal Information.
The right to rectify your Personal Information if it is incorrect or incomplete.
The right to have your Personal Information erased (“right to be forgotten”) if certain grounds are met.
The right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your Personal Information at any time (if our processing is based on consent).
The right to object to our processing of your Personal Information (if processing is based on legitimate interests).
The right to object to our processing of your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes.
The right to receive your Personal Information from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and the right to transmit your Personal Information to another controller without hindrance from us (data portability).

If you are located in the European Union and you are or have been our customer, we may send you marketing communications based on our legitimate interests, subject always to your right to opt out of such communications.
Further, if you are located in the European Union, we will never share your personal information with a third party for such third party’s marketing purposes, unless you have specifically consented to us doing so.
You may contact us at legal@customink.com to exercise any of the above rights.
We may request specific information from you to confirm your identity, and in some circumstances we may charge a reasonable fee for access to your Personal Information.
Furthermore, if you believe that our processing of your Personal Information is inconsistent with your data protection rights under the GDPR and we have not adequately addressed your concerns, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority of your country.
For purposes of the GDPR, we are a “controller” and you are a “data subject.” Your California privacy rights
If you are a California resident, you may request certain information regarding our disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes under California’s “Shine the Light” law (Cal.
Civ.
Code § 1798.83).
You may make one (1) request per calendar year.
In your request, please affirm that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response.
You may request this information in writing by contacting us at: privacy@customink.com.
Please allow up to thirty (30) days for a response. Children’s privacy
Our Site is not targeted to children under thirteen (13) years of age and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13.
If we discover that we have inadvertently collected Personal Information from a child under 13, we will promptly take measures to delete that Personal Information from our systems.
In the case of residents of the European Union, we do not collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 16 except with parental consent, subject to an EU member state providing by law for a lower age (not below 13 years). External links
Our Site may contain links to other websites.
Your use of an external website is subject to and governed by the terms and policies of that website.
Custom Ink is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites.
We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every website they visit. Security
We have implemented technical and organizational measures, appropriate to the risk, to protect your information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration and unauthorized disclosure or access.
For example, we limit internal access to our servers and have physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards in place that are designed to protect your information.
However, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure, and we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted through our Site.
We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any such information, and you provide such information at your own risk.
You can also take steps to help protect your information.
For example, if you have an account with us, you should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your account by, among other things, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess and keeping your log-in and password private. Data Retention
We retain your Personal Information, if provided by you through our Site, for as long as your inquiry is active (as determined by us) and for a reasonable time thereafter, or if applicable, for as long as you remain on our marketing list.
We also may retain your Personal Information for a longer period of time on the basis of our legitimate interests in providing our Services to you or as necessary to comply with our tax and legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements.
Even if we delete some or all of your Personal Information, we may continue to retain and use aggregated or anonymous data previously collected so that it can no longer be used for personal identification and/or anonymize or aggregate your Personal Information.
Please note that we will not be liable for disclosures of your data due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties. Changes to this Policy
This Policy was last updated as of the “Last Modified” date above.
Custom Ink may modify this Policy at any time and will post any updates to our Site.
We therefore encourage you to review this page frequently for any changes. Contacting Custom Ink
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, or to exercise your rights under this Policy, please contact us using the information below.
Custom Ink, LLC 2910 District Ave. Fairfax VA, 22031 703-891-2205 privacy@customink.com
 