 

DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS PRIVACY POLICY


This privacy policy applies only to the websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (“Discovery,” “we” or “us”) where this privacy policy is posted (collectively, the “Sites”).
This privacy policy does not pertain to information that is collected offline.
BY USING THE SITES, YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED BELOW.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITES.



 Information Collected



This privacy policy applies only to information collected on the Sites and does not apply to information collected by Discovery through any other means.
For details on the information collected and used from children under the age of 13,&nbsp;click here.
We collect two types of information from visitors to the Sites: (1) Personally Identifiable Information.
and (2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information, such as your IP address or cookies.


(1) Personally Identifiable Information


“Personally Identifiable Information” is information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, or company name.
Discovery collects and stores the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us.
Here are some examples of manners in which we may collect your personally identifiable information on the Sites:

We may collect your email address, first and last name and zip code if you sign up for an online newsletter;
We may collect your email address if you contact us with a question;
We may collect your first and last name, date of birth and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes.
and
We may collect your first and last name, your address, and your credit card and billing information if you make a purchase of a product at the Discovery Store.
We may collect your email address, place of residence and other information from your public profile if you register for one of our websites through a social media site such as Facebook.

The above list provides an example of the personally identifiable information that may be collected on the Sites.
If you do not want Discovery to collect your personally identifiable information, please do not provide it to us.


(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information


“Non-Personally Identifiable Information” can be technical information or it can be demographic information, such as your age, gender or interests.
Non-personally identifiable information does NOT identify you personally.
Here are some examples of the non-personally identifiable information that is collected via the Sites and a description of how this information is used:

Internet Protocol (IP) address – Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data – such as the webpages you view.
We use this information to deliver our webpages to you upon request, to tailor our Sites to the interests of our users and to measure traffic within our Sites.
Cookie – A “cookie” is a small text file that may be used to collect information about your activity on the Sites.
For example, when someone visits a page within the Sites, a cookie is placed on the user’s machine (if the user accepts cookies) or is read if the user has visited the Sites previously.
You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but if you do, you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other users to our Sites.
Web Beacons (also known as “clear gifs,” “web bugs” or “pixel tags”) – “Web Beacons” are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Sites and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns.
When used in HTML-formatted email messages, web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened.
In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages.
Demographic Information – “Demographic Information” may be your gender, age, zip code and interests, which you voluntarily provide to us on the Sites.
We use this information to provide you with personalized services and to analyze trends to ensure the information provided by the Sites meets your needs.
For example, we offer personalized TV schedule listings and program reminders for Discovery Channel, TLC, Animal Planet, Discovery Life or any of our other TV offerings if you tell us which programs and topics you are interested in.
Please note that we also consider aggregated information, which is not personally identifiable, to be non-personally identifiable information.
The above list provides an example of the non-personally identifiable information that is collected via the Sites.




 Use of Information Collected Via the Sites





(1) Personally Identifiable Information


We use your personally identifiable information that is collected on these Sites primarily for the following purposes:

To deliver services, such as educational programs, information, newsletters or software you request or purchase;
To alert you to special offers, updated information and other new services from Discovery, or other third parties, or to forward promotional materials;
To complete a transaction or service requested by you;
To fulfill the terms of a promotion;
To ensure the Sites are relevant to your needs;
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you;
To notify you about a material change to this privacy policy or the Visitor Agreement, if necessary;
To allow you access to limited-entry areas of the Sites.
and
To contact you in response to sign up forms such as Contact Us or Order Inquiry.



(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information


Non-personally identifiable information is used as described above and in other ways as permitted by applicable laws, including combining non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information (except with respect to non-personally identifiable information collected from children under the age of 13).



 Sharing and Disclosure of Information





(1) Personally Identifiable Information


We may share or disclose your personally identifiable information in the following instances:
(i) To fulfill a service to you.
For example, if you choose to watch an educational program on the Sites, we may share your personally identifiable information in order to provide the program to you.
In addition, if you email us a question, we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question.
Also, if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest, we may use your personally identifiable information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion.
This means that we may share the information for prize fulfillment purposes or mail carriers.
We also may share your information with the co-sponsor of that promotion:
(ii) To affiliates, strategic partners, agents, third party marketers or other unaffiliated parties who are offering products or services that we believe may be of interest to you or who require your personally identifiable information for research, administrative and/or internal business purposes.
These parties may use your personally identifiable information to contact you with an offer or advertisement related to a product or service, or they may use such information for their own research, administration or business purposes.
If you do not want us to share your personally identifiable information in this manner, please do not provide us with this information.
(iii) To unaffiliated third-party service providers, agents or independent contractors who help us maintain our Sites and provide other administrative services to us (including, but not limited to, order processing and fulfillment, providing customer service, maintaining and analyzing data, sending customer communications on Discovery’s behalf, and entry collection, winner selection and prize fulfillment for contests, sweepstakes and other promotions).
We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties will not use the personally identifiable information for any other purpose than to provide the administrative services for which they are responsible.
Because such unaffiliated third-party service providers that help us administer our Sites will have access to users’ personally identifiable information, if you do not wish for our unaffiliated third-party service providers to have access to your information, please do not register or submit any personally identifiable information to us.
(iv) To complete your purchase.
If you choose to make a purchase on the Sites, we may collect from you your credit card number, billing address and other information related to such purchase, and we may use such collected information in order to fulfill your purchase.
We may also provide such information, or other personally identifiable information provided by you, to unaffiliated third parties as necessary to complete your purchase (for example, to process your credit card).
(v) To comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us, protect and defend our rights or property, including the rights and property of Discovery and its family of Sites or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our end users.
(vi) To third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process including, but not limited to, mergers, acquisitions, and sales of all or substantially all of our assets.
(vii) To track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties.
(viii) To protect against potential fraud, we may verify with third parties the information collected from these Sites.
In the course of such verification, we may receive personally identifiable information about you from such services.
In particular, if you use a credit card or debit card to purchase services with us, we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us, and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen.
Our properties may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow you to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings.
To learn more about the information that Nielsen software may collect and your choices with regard to it, please see the Nielsen Digital Measurement Privacy Policy at http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information, we do not otherwise use, share or otherwise disclose your personally identifiable information to any third parties.


(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information


We use non-personally identifiable information collected on the Sites in the manner disclosed above in the Section A(2).
We may share this non-personal information with third parties.



 Collection and Use of Information from Children Under the Age of 13





(1) Collection of Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Children


In most instances, Discovery will only request the first name and email address of the child in order to complete an immediate request from the child.
The information that is collected will only be used for the requested purpose and will be deleted immediately.
Discovery will not store or otherwise use that information.
Here are some examples of instances in which Discovery may immediately delete the child’s information after the completion of the child’s initial request:

If the child emails an inquiry;
If the child participates in a game;
If the child refers a game to a friend, we may request his or her first name and email address and the friend’s first name and email address;
If the child wants to receive a postcard on one occasion.
and
If the child sends a postcard to a friend on one occasion, we may request his or her first name and email address and the friend’s first name and email address.

From time to time, we may request limited personally identifiable information from children in order to offer a service, a promotion or other activity to children.
In such an instance, we will request that the child provide his or her email address, as well as the email address of his or her parent or legal guardian (“parent”).
Discovery will use that email address to send the parent an email letting him or her know about the child’s contact.
The email will include details on how the parent may (i) provide Discovery with consent.
(ii) prohibit Discovery from any further contact with the child.
or (iii) delete the child’s personally identifiable information.
Discovery will not collect more information than is reasonably necessary for the child to participate in the activity at issue.
Below are some examples of instances in which we may collect the first name and email address from children on the Sites and require parental consent:

If the child wants to enter a sweepstakes, contest or other promotion.
and
If the child wants to receive newsletters on a recurring basis.



(2) Use of Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Children


When we collect personally identifiable information from kids, we will only use that information for the express purpose for which it was collected.
For example, if a child enters a sweepstakes, we will request the parent’s information (as described in Section D(1)) and will only use the child’s email address to enter the child into the sweepstakes, to notify the parent of the child’s entry, and to identify and notify the child if he or she is a potential winner.
The personally identifiable information will not be used for any other purpose, and the personally identifiable information will not be used after the promotion is complete.


(3) Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Children


Except as provided in this Section, we do not share personally identifiable information collected from children with any unaffiliated third parties.
We may, however, share a child’s personally identifiable information that we have collected with parental consent in the following limited instances:

We may share such information with third-party service providers who help Discovery maintain the Sites and provide other administrative services to us.
We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties may not use the personally identifiable information for any other purpose, and these unaffiliated third parties have agreed to maintain the confidentiality, security and integrity of the personally identifiable information.
If a child is selected as a potential winner of one of our contests or sweepstakes, we will notify the child’s parent via the email address that the child submitted.
If the parent consents, we will collect and share this information in order to fulfill the terms of the promotion.
Finally, we may disclose a child’s personally identifiable information to third parties if we believe we are required to do so in order to comply with law (including court orders and subpoenas).
to comply with requests from law enforcement agencies or the government.
to enforce our Visitor Agreement.
to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property and the rights, privacy, safety or property of our employees or other users of our Sites.
to protect our operations.
and to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.



(4) Non Personally Identifiable Information


We collect and store the non-personally identifiable information that is described in Section A(2) of this privacy policy.
We do not, however, link this information to personally identifiable information when it is collected from children.


(5) Note to Parents and Legal Guardians


Please contact Discovery at any time regarding privacy questions or concerns, or to request to review what personally identifiable information we have collected from a child.
Parents may also contact us at any time to request that we delete the personally identifiable information of a child or a parent and/or refuse to permit further collection or use of a child’s information.
We will take steps to ensure that any person contacting us regarding a child’s information is the child’s parent or guardian.
Discovery Communications, LLC
1 Discovery Place
Silver Spring, MD 20910
Phone: (240) 662-2000 (Legal)
Email:&nbsp;privacy_policy@discovery.com



 International Transfer of Information



If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information, Discovery may transfer that information to its affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties, across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S.
law, please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and by providing your personally identifiable information you consent to:

the use of your personally identifiable information for the uses identified above in accordance with this privacy policy.
and
the transfer of your personally identifiable information to the United States as indicated above.




 Opt-Out



We communicate with users who subscribe to our services on a regular basis via email.
For example, we may use your email address to confirm your request, to send you notice of payments, to send you information about changes to our products and services, and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law.
Generally, users cannot opt-out of these communications, but they will be primarily informational in nature rather than promotional.
However, we provide you the opportunity to exercise an opt-out choice if you do not want to receive other types of communication from us, such as emails or updates from us regarding new services and products offered on the Sites or if you do not want us to share your personally identifiable information with third parties.
The opt-out choice may be exercised by ticking or un-ticking the appropriate box if such checkbox is available at the points where personally identifiable information is collected or by contacting us.
We will process your unsubscribe as soon as possible, but please be aware that in some circumstances you may receive a few more messages until the unsubscribe is processed.
You also may opt-out of receiving such emails by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link within the text of the email.



 Forums, Chat Rooms and Other Public Posting Areas



Please note that any information you include in a message you post to any chat room, forum or other public posting area is available to anyone with Internet access.
If you do not want people to know your e-mail address, for example, do not include it in any message you post publicly.
PLEASE BE EXTREMELY CAREFUL WHEN DISCLOSING ANY INFORMATION IN CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS.
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF THE INFORMATION THAT YOU DISCLOSE IN CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS.



 Third Party Web Sites



This statement applies solely to information collected on the Sites.
The Sites may contain links to other web sites.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites.



 Third Party Advertisers



We may use advertisers, third party ad networks, and other advertising companies to serve advertisements on the Sites.
Please be advised that such advertising companies may gather information about your visit to the Sites or other sites (such as through cookies, web beacons and other technologies) to enable such advertising companies to market products or services to you, to monitor which ads have been served to your browser and which webpages you were viewing when such ads were delivered.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices please&nbsp;click here.
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT COVER THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY SUCH ADVERTISING COMPANIES.



 Accessing Your Personally Identifiable Information and Privacy Preferences



We provide you with an opportunity to access your personally identifiable information to ensure it is correct, accurate and current.
To edit your personally identifiable information, please contact our customer service representatives at (240) 662-8909.
To be removed from our mailing list or if you would prefer that we do not share your information with third party marketers, please contact us at privacy_policy@discovery.com.
We will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request.



 Assignment



In the event that all or part of our assets or sold or acquired by another party, or in the event of a merger, you grant us the right to assign the personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information collected via the Sites.



 Changes to this Privacy Policy



We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time.
When we do, we will also revise the “last update” date at the bottom of this privacy policy.
For changes to this privacy policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of personal information you have provided to us, we will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing the change by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on the Sites.
We will also notify parents if we change the kinds of information that we collect from children and materially alter our practices of sharing and using this information.
We will not collect, use or share the information without parental consent.



 Security



No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to Discovery is done at your own risk.
Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systems.
We use firewalls to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software.
If we learn of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps.
By using these Sites or providing personally identifiable information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of these Sites.
We may post a notice on our Sites if a security breach occurs.
We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances.
Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.



 Age Screening



Some parts of the Sites require that personally identifiable information be submitted in order to participate.
For example, if you want to receive one of our newsletters, you must give us your email address.
Some parts of the Sites will have an age-screening mechanism to prevent kids from registering.
We will not knowingly allow anyone under the age of thirteen to register with any of our Sites, or to access those features that require registration, except as explicitly disclosed herein.
If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of thirteen other than in a legally permissible situation, we will delete the information from our records as soon as we discover it.



 Contacting Discovery



If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at&nbsp;privacy_policy@discovery.com.
All information you provide in any written communication will also be covered by this policy.



 Dispute Resolution



In the event of any controversy, claim or dispute (“dispute”) related to or arising out of your use of the Sites, other than disputes related to or involving Discovery’s intellectual property or Discovery’s licensed intellectual or proprietary rights, you and Discovery mutually agree to the following dispute resolution procedure:

The parties will first attempt in good faith to resolve any dispute by informal negotiation.
The informal negotiation period will begin when the party asserting the dispute sends a written notice to the other party describing the facts and circumstances of the dispute.
If, after sixty (60) days from the date the notice of dispute is sent, the parties have been unable to resolve the dispute, either party may commence binding arbitration.
The parties may agree to extend the informal dispute resolution period by mutual written agreement.
If the parties are unable to resolve the dispute through informal negotiation, you and Discovery agree that exclusive jurisdiction for the dispute shall be binding arbitration before one arbitrator to be mutually agreed upon by both parties.
If the parties cannot agree on the selection of an Arbitrator, they shall each select one Arbitrator from the list of qualified JAMS arbitrators and those two Arbitrators shall select the person who shall serve as the Arbitrator for such dispute.
Arbitration shall be initiated in the New York, N.Y., area and shall be administered by JAMS pursuant to its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures.
Judgment on any potential award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.
BY USING THE SITES, YOU ARE HEREBY GIVING UP YOUR RIGHT TO LITIGATE A DISPUTE IN COURT BEFORE A JUDGE OR JURY.
Unless the arbitrator concludes that the arbitration was frivolous or brought for an improper purpose, Discovery will pay all filing, JAMS, and arbitrator’s fees and expenses.
ALL DISPUTES SHALL BE RESOLVED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS.
Neither party shall have the right to have a dispute heard as a class action and no arbitration or proceeding can be combined with another without the prior written consent of all parties to the proceeding.


 Choice of Law



This privacy policy has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this policy evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Policy shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C.
§§ 1-16).



 Choice of Forum



By using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in Maryland.


YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS


Discovery does not support Do Not Track browser settings and does not currently participate in any “Do Not Track” frameworks that would allow us to respond to signals or other mechanisms from you regarding the collection of your Personally Identifiable Information or Non&nbsp;Personally Identifiable Information.
Beginning on January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding Discovery’s disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please contact us:
Discovery Communications, LLC
1 Discovery Place
Silver Spring, MD 20910
Phone: (240) 662-2000 (Legal)
Email:&nbsp;privacy_policy@discovery.com
Last updated on August 28, 2018.   Welcome to Discovery.com, one of the family of informational, educational and entertainment-oriented websites brought to you by Discovery Communications, LLC and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Discovery”).
Please read this Visitor Agreement.
by using this website, you accept its terms.
This Visitor Agreement applies to all of the websites where it is posted.
Those websites are referred to collectively in this Visitor Agreement as the “Discovery Sites.” Additional terms and conditions may apply to some services offered on the Discovery Sites.
Such terms and conditions may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered.
For example, policies governing purchases through DiscoveryStore.com can be found at the bottom of each DiscoveryStore.com page.
The Web is an evolving medium.
we may change the terms of this Visitor Agreement from time to time.
By continuing to use any of the Discovery Sites after we post any such changes, you accept this Visitor Agreement, as modified.
We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue the Discovery Sites, or any portion of the Discovery Sites, at any time.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Please take a few minutes to review our&nbsp;Privacy Policy.
If you disagree with any material you find on the Discovery Sites, we recommend that you respond by noting your disagreement in an appropriate site forum where there is one.
We also invite you to bring to our attention any material you believe to be factually inaccurate by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or by contacting Viewer Relations at http://corporate.discovery.com/contact/viewer-relations/.
The material that appears on the Discovery Sites is for informational and entertainment purposes only.
Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time.
Before you act on information you’ve found on the Discovery Sites, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision.
Discovery and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link.
A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site) by Discovery or its licensors.

NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT

Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Discovery’s Designated Agent.
The Name and Address of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Leah Montesano, Legal Affairs, Discovery Communications, LLC, One Discovery Place, Silver Spring, MD 20910.
240.662.0000 (telephone).
240.662.1492 (fax).
DMCA_notices@discovery.com (e-mail).
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

&nbsp;
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records.
If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:

Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
and
Your name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.

&nbsp;

USER-GENERATED VIDEO
In submitting user-generated video to the Discovery Sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions: For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you grant Discovery Communications, LLC (“Discovery”), Discovery’s joint venture partners, vendors, production companies, and programming and content distributors, and the parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (collectively, the “DCL Parties”) a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to make use of and distribute your user-generated video submitted hereunder, as well your name, voice, likeness and appearance therein (if any) and the personally identifying information you provide on or in connection therewith (collectively, the “Video Submission”), as further described below.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to share in any revenue that the DCL Parties may or may not earn or generate through their use of your Video Submission.

DCL Parties’ Right to Use Your Video Submission.
You grant the DCL Parties the non-exclusive right to edit in any manner, and to use and distribute and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission, or any portions, reproductions or versions thereof, on the websites, products and/or services (in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services) of the DCL Parties, an unlimited number of times, in perpetuity, throughout the world, with or without charge or cost to end-users or other third parties.
You also grant the DCL Parties the right to use and distribute, and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission in the promotion of such websites, products and/or services, to the same extent permitted for use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder.

Clearance of Your Video Submission for the DCL Parties’ Use. You represent and warrant that your Video Submission is your original work and that you have secured any and all rights, releases and permissions necessary for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder, including without limitation those related to any people, places, music, performances of dance or music, video, photographs and/or graphics in your Video Submission (collectively, the “Elements”).
You represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, no further permissions or fees are due for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission or any Elements therein.
You further represent and warrant that any statements made by you or others in the Video Submission are true to the best of your knowledge and that neither they, nor any Element of your Video Submission, will violate any law or regulation or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party.

Waiver of Right of Approval. You hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of your Video Submission as used and distributed by the DCL Parties, including without limitation any approval of your appearance and/or use of your name therewith or the uses to which either may be put.

Release and Waiver.
Indemnification. You acknowledge that the DCL Parties will rely on the foregoing terms and conditions potentially at substantial cost to them, and you hereby waive the right to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever against any party relating to the exercise of the rights and permissions granted hereunder.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the DCI Parties from any and all claims arising from their use and distribution of your Video Submission as permitted herein.

COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS
Discovery wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas through the Discovery Sites.
But we cannot and do not review every posting made on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs, and other public posting areas.
You can expect these areas to include content, information, and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than Discovery.
We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or “expert” guest, or from a member of our staff.
There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.&nbsp.
Responsibility for what is posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas on the Discovery Sites lies with each user – you alone are responsible for material you post.
Discovery does not control the messages, information or other content that you or others may provide through the Discovery Sites.
You may use the Discovery Sites for lawful purposes only.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree not to submit, post or transmit through the Discovery Sites any material or otherwise engage in any conduct that:

Violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights;
Allows you to gain unauthorized access to the Discovery Sites, or any account, computer system, or network connected to the Discovery Sites, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;
Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortuous, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts;
Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;
Collects for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Discovery Sites.
Impersonates any person, business or entity, including Discovery and its employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person, business or entity, including Discovery;
Contains an advertisement or solicitation or encourages others to make a donation;
Contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;
Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability or that otherwise encourages others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any other person;
Results in the posting or transmission of any message anonymously or under a false name;
Permits any person to access, using your account, any features of the Discovery Sites that may require registration;
Results in a single message being posted to more than five areas of any Discovery Site or results in any message being posted to any area of the Discovery Sites if that message is, in our view, off-topic or in violation of this Visitor Agreement.
or
Violates this Visitor Agreement, guidelines or any policy posted on the Discovery Sites, or interferes with the use of the Discovery Sites by others.

&nbsp;
Although Discovery cannot monitor all content on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or postings in the chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, you understand that Discovery shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Discovery Sites to determine compliance with this Visitor Agreement and any other operating rules that may be established by Discovery from time to time.
Discovery shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, move, delete, or refuse to post any material, including but not limited to Video Submissions, submitted to or posted on the Discovery Sites for any reason, including violation of this Visitor’s Agreement, whether for legal or other reasons, or because the material is objectionable or stale.
Notwithstanding this right of ours, users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages and Video Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that neither Discovery nor any of its affiliates shall assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by Discovery with respect to any conduct within the Discovery Sites or any communication or posting on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery also reserves the right to disclose any information that Discovery believes necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.
Discovery requires you not to use the Discovery Sites to violate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photographs and videos) to the Discovery Sites, you are warranting and representing that you own or have the right to post or make such submission of the material, or are making your submission or posting with the express consent of the owner, and that no other party has any right, claim, or interest in the material that you have submitted or posted.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
Submitting or posting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Visitor Agreement, but may also subject you to legal liability for infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.

USE OF MATERIALS
With the exception of any and all Video Submissions (Discovery’s permitted use of which is discussed above) and any material posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, all other material you submit to any of our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, whether text or images, becomes the property of Discovery and may be reproduced, modified and distributed as we see fit, in any medium, for any purpose and in perpetuity.
Further, you understand that by posting material on Discovery’s community and social media sites, you are granting to Discovery, and to anyone authorized by Discovery, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to display, use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform such materials posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Discovery, and anyone authorized by Discovery, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as Discovery deems appropriate.
Please also note the last paragraph in the&nbsp;“COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS”&nbsp;section above.&nbsp;Click here&nbsp;for the terms and conditions that govern the submission of user-generated video to the Discovery Sites.
The materials available through the Discovery Sites are the property of Discovery or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through the Discovery Sites.
But you may not otherwise reproduce any of the materials without the prior written consent of the owner.
You may not distribute copies of materials found on the Discovery Sites in any form (including by e-mail or other electronic means), without prior written permission from the owner.
Of course, you are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on the Discovery Sites and to tell them how to find it.

LINKING
We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.

NO SOLICITING
You agree not to use the Discovery Sites to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.

NO SPAMMING OR SPIMMING
From time to time, users post their e-mail addresses in our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas.
You may not gather these e-mail addresses for commercial or illegal purposes, such as sending unsolicited or unrequested e-mail or instant messages.

NO FRAMING
Without the prior written permission of Discovery, you may not frame, or make it appear that a third-party site is presenting or endorsing, any of the content of the Discovery Sites, or incorporate any intellectual property of the Discovery Sites, Discovery or any of their licensors into another website or other service.

TRADEMARKS
We do not want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by Discovery and which are not.
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on the Discovery Sites without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.

ACCURACY OF INFORMATION
The Discovery staff works hard to ensure that information we post to the Discovery Sites is both timely and accurate.
But the news changes over time and reports that were accurate when posted may quickly become old news.
Though we may post follow-up reports, and may continue to provide access to the original report, as in an archive of news stories, for example, we do not go back and change the original report to reflect new developments.
If you are looking for the most recent information on a given subject, and not the history of how the story unfolded, be sure you’re not looking at an out-of-date report.

AGE RESTRICTION
You must be at least 13 years old to register on the Discovery Sites.
By registering on the Discovery Sites, you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.&nbsp;


USER ACCOUNTS AND SECURITY
To obtain access to certain services on the Discovery Sites, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Discovery Sites.
As part of any such registration process, you will select a user name and a password.
You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete.
You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a user name of another person with the intention of impersonating that person.
(ii) use a user name of anyone else without authorization.
(iii) use a user name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person.
or (iv) use a user name that Discovery considers to be offensive.
Discovery reserves the right to reject or terminate any user name or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive.
You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify Discovery of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.
Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used.
If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify Discovery immediately.
Discovery reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, user names of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests.
Please inform Discovery if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or filling out the form at https://discovery.csharmony.epsilon.com/Account/Login?b=CORPORATE.&nbsp.
Click here to view our&nbsp;Privacy Policy.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY
We work hard to make the Discovery Sites interesting and enjoyable places, but we cannot guarantee that our users will always find everything to their liking.
Please read this Disclaimer carefully before using any of the Discovery Sites.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU RELY ON ANY DISCOVERY SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES.
THE DISCOVERY SITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC OR THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES.

DISPUTE RESOLUTION
In the event of any controversy, claim or dispute (“dispute”) related to or arising out of your use of the Sites, other than disputes related to or involving Discovery’s intellectual property or Discovery’s licensed intellectual or proprietary rights, you and Discovery mutually agree to the following dispute resolution procedure:

The parties will first attempt in good faith to resolve any dispute by informal negotiation.
The informal negotiation period will begin when the party asserting the dispute sends a written notice to the other party describing the facts and circumstances of the dispute.
If, after sixty (60) days from the date the notice of dispute is sent, the parties have been unable to resolve the dispute, either party may commence binding arbitration.
The parties may agree to extend the informal dispute resolution period by mutual written agreement.
If the parties are unable to resolve the dispute through informal negotiation, you and Discovery agree that exclusive jurisdiction for the dispute shall be binding arbitration before one arbitrator to be mutually agreed upon by both parties.
If the parties cannot agree on the selection of an Arbitrator, they shall each select one Arbitrator from the list of qualified JAMS arbitrators and those two Arbitrators shall select the person who shall serve as the Arbitrator for such dispute.
Arbitration shall be initiated in the New York, N.Y., area and shall be administered by JAMS pursuant to its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures.
Judgment on any potential award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.
BY USING THE SITES, YOU ARE HEREBY GIVING UP YOUR RIGHT TO LITIGATE A DISPUTE IN COURT BEFORE A JUDGE OR JURY.
Unless the arbitrator concludes that the arbitration was frivolous or brought for an improper purpose, Discovery will pay all filing, JAMS, and arbitrator’s fees and expenses.
ALL DISPUTES SHALL BE RESOLVED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS.
Neither party shall have the right to have a dispute heard as a class action and no arbitration or proceeding can be combined with another without the prior written consent of all parties to the proceeding.

&nbsp;

CHOICE OF LAW
This Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C.
§§ 1-16).

CHOICE OF FORUM
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in Maryland.

INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Discovery Communications, LLC, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any violation of this Visitor Agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing any Discovery Site using your account.

SEVERABILITY
In the event that any portion of this Visitor Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other portion of this Visitor Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable portion were not part of the Visitor Agreement.

USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION FROM DISCOVERYLIFE.COM
The information that appears on DiscoveryLife.com is presented in summary form only and is intended to provide general consumer understanding of health care topics.
The information should not be used in place of a visit, call or consultation with a physician or other health care provider.
DiscoveryLife.com does not recommend the self-management of health or medical problems, nor does DiscoveryLife.com promote or recommend any particular form of medical or alternative treatment.
People using information accessed through DiscoveryLife.com should also research original sources of authority, including with your physician or other health care provider.
Information obtained by using DiscoveryLife.com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Should you have any health care-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other health care provider.
You should never disregard medical advice – or delay in seeking it – because of something you have read on DiscoveryLife.com.
You should always seek prompt medical care for any specific health issue and consult a physician before starting a fitness regimen.

ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTENT
The Discovery Sites include certain content owned by the Associated Press.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this Visitor Agreement, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium.
(b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use.
(c) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing.
(d) the Associated Press is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Visitor Agreement and may exercise all rights and remedies available to it.
and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree to abide by the terms of this Visitor Agreement.
We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Sites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Thanks for making the Discovery Sites part of your discoveries online!
Last updated February 10, 2015. 