 Parody Accounts Written by Disqus  Updated over a week ago Although impersonating or portraying another person in a confusing or deceptive manner is against our terms of service, parody accounts are okay - as long as they meet the requirements below.
Requirements for parody accounts
Avatar
The avatar must not be exactly the same as the account it is parodying.
This includes the default avatar.
Display Name
The display name must not be exactly the same as the account it is parodying without an additional distinguishing word such as "not" or "fake".
If the display name is different only in subtle changes of spelling, it must also be accompanied by a distinguishing word.
Bio
The bio must include a statement that distinguishes it from the account it is parodying.
For instance, a bio could say, "this a parody account" or "not affiliated with..."
How do I report impersonation?
Click the flag icon in the profile of the user who is impersonating your account and complete a short survey.
Please be sure to include the email address associated with the account being impersonated for verification purposes.
What happens when an impersonation complaint is reported?
The case will be reviewed and if the account doesn't comply with the above requirements (or is otherwise found to be portraying another person in a confusing or deceptive manner) the profile of the account will be set back to default and the user will have an opportunity to update their profile information abiding by the above requirements.
Repeated violations may result in an account getting banned or deactivated.
Have questions?
Drop us a line at our Support Form. Did this answer your question?   Trademark Policy Written by Disqus  Updated over a week ago What is a trademark policy violation on Disqus?
Using a company or business name, logo, or other trademark-protected materials in a manner that may mislead or confuse others with regard to its brand or business affiliation may be considered a trademark policy violation.
How does Disqus respond to reported trademark policy violations?
When we receive reports of trademark policy violations from holders of federal or international trademark registrations, we review the account and may take the following actions:

When there is a clear intent to mislead others through the unauthorized use of a trademark, Disqus will suspend the account and notify the account holder.
When we determine that an account appears to be confusing users, but is not purposefully passing itself off as the trademarked good or service, we give the account holder an opportunity to clear up any potential confusion.
We may also release a username for the trademark holder's active use.
We are responsive to reports about confusing or misleading Promoted Discovery copy or information.
When we receive valid reports, we may give the advertiser an opportunity to clear up any potential confusion.
We may also remove specific items from Promoted Discovery, or remove the account from our advertising platform.

What is not a trademark policy violation?
Using another's trademark in a way that has nothing to do with the product or service for which the trademark was granted is not a violation of Disqus' trademark policy.

Disqus usernames are provided on a first-come, first-served basis and may not be reserved.
For information on why you may not be able to select a certain username, please see What is the difference between my Username and my Display Name?&nbsp.


Guidelines for fan accounts
Disqus users are allowed to create fan accounts.
Disqus provides a platform for its users to share and receive a wide range of ideas and content, and we greatly value and respect our users' expression.
Because of these principles, we do not actively monitor users' content and will not edit or remove user content, except in cases of violations of our Terms of Service.
An account's profile information should make it clear that the account is not actually the company or business entity that is the subject of the fan account.
Here are some suggestions for distinguishing your account:


Username: The username should not be the trademarked name of the subject of the fan account.

Name: The profile name should not be the trademarked name of the company or include the trademarked name in a misleading manner.

Bio: The bio should include a statement to distinguish it from the real company, such as “Unofficial Account," "Fan Account," or "Not affiliated with..."

Profile photo, header photo, or background image: The account should not use another’s trademark, logo or other copyright-protected image without express permission.

Communication with other users: The account should not, through private or public communication with other users, try to deceive or mislead others about its identity.

Users may also choose to use different language to indicate that an account is not associated with the actual brand/company/product so long as it is clear and not confusing to others, and does not mislead or deceive.
If an account is reported to be confusing, we may request that the account holder make further changes to bring the account in compliance with these best practices.
How can I make my own account's brand or business affiliation clear?
We strongly recommend that you use all of Disqus' account settings (account name, location, web site, and bio) to make your account's affiliation clear.

Please see the profile and avatar sections of our Updating your Disqus Settings documentation for instructions on customizing your account.
In particular, we recommend clearly stating your location, including your website if you have one, and clearly describing your brand or business in the bio, if applicable.

What information is required when reporting trademark policy violations?
In order to investigate trademark policy violations, please provide all of the following information:

Username of the reported account (e.g., cocacola or //disqus.com/cocacola):
Your company name:
Your company Disqus account (if there is one):
Company website:
Your trademarked word, symbol, etc.
(e.g., Coca Cola):
Trademark registration number:
Trademark registration office (e.g., USPTO):

Note: A federal or international trademark registration number is required.
If the name you are reporting is not a registered mark (e.g., a government agency or non-profit organization), please let us know:

Your first and last name:
Title:
Address:
Phone:
Fax:
Email (must be from company domain):
Description of confusion (e.g., passing off as your company, including specific descriptions of content or behavior):
Requested Action (e.g., removal of violating account or transfer of trademarked username to an existing company account):

How do I report a trademark policy violation?
You do not need a Disqus account to submit a trademark report.
Holders of registered trademarks can report possible violations to Disqus through our Support Form.
Please submit trademark-related requests from your company email address and follow the format above to help expedite our response.
Also, be sure to clearly describe to us why the account or comments posted by it may cause confusion with your mark. Did this answer your question?   Basic Rules for Disqus Written by Disqus  Updated over a week ago Disqus doesn't moderate or manage the communities that use Disqus, but using Disqus to do any of the following things breaks our Terms of Service and appropriate action (which can include removing a comment or discussion, resetting a profile, or banning an account) will be taken to enforce them.
The following are not allowed anywhere on Disqus:


Targeted harassment or encouraging others to do so
Hate speech and other forms of targeted and systematic harassment of people have no place on Disqus, nor do we tolerate communities dedicated to fostering harassing behavior.

Spam
Examples include 1) comments posted in large quantities to promote a product or service, 2) the exact same comment posted repeatedly to disrupt a thread.
3) following users multiple times

Impersonation
You may not impersonate others in a manner that does or is intended to mislead, confuse, or deceive others.

Direct threat of harm
This covers active threats of harm directed towards a specific person or defined group of individuals.
Contact local authorities if you feel a crime has been committed or is imminent.

Posting personally identifiable information
Examples of protected information: credit card number, home/work address, phone number, email address, social security number.
Real name isn't currently covered.

Inappropriate profile content
Graphic media containing violence and pornographic content are not allowed.
Profile content allowed by Disqus may not be allowed on all communities, so report such profiles to the site moderator.

To report a user for a Basic Rules violation, click the flag icon in their profile and complete a short report.
Learn more about how to report abuse to site moderators and Disqus.&nbsp;For more information on how we enforce against abusive accounts that violate the Basic Rules, read our Abusive Behavior Policy.&nbsp;Want to learn how to report a user to Disqus? Did this answer your question?   Basic Rules for Disqus-powered Sites Written by Disqus  Updated over a week ago Disqus enables online discussion communities, and in doing so, freedom of expression and identity are core values of the Service.
There are a number of categories of content and behavior, however, that jeopardize Disqus by posing risk to commenters, publishers, and/or third party services utilizing the Disqus platform.
Websites or website representatives, including site moderators, publishing inappropriate content or exhibiting inappropriate behaviors in connection with their use of the Service may have their Disqus account and/or Disqus forum suspended or terminated.
The following are not allowed on sites that use Disqus:


Copyright or trademark Infringement
If we receive a valid DMCA claim against your site, your forum may be suspended until the claim is resolved.

Deceitful data collection or distribution
User information is for moderation purposes only and collecting any information in a misleading way is prohibited.
Distribution of personal identifiable information is prohibited.

Intimidation of users of the Disqus Service
Blackmail, extortion, extreme discrimination, and other forms of threatening behavior are prohibited.

Malware
If a site is found to be distributing malware, Disqus will be removed from that site.

Unlawful activities
Disqus is controlled and operated from its facilities in the United States.
Disqus makes no representations that it is appropriate or available for use in other locations.
Those who access or use Disqus from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are entirely responsible for compliance with all applicable United States and local laws and regulations.

Misuse of the Disqus Service
Sites that take any action that imposes, or may impose (at our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure.
This includes, but is not limited to: excessive creation of threads/forums/posts, misuse of the API, or a lack of moderation activity resulting in large volumes spam comments.

Multiple violations of the Disqus Basic Rules
The Disqus Basic Rules apply to all Disqus accounts and violating them as a publisher or moderator may carry additional consequences for your forum(s).

The above list may be modified or expanded at any time and individual account/forum deactivation decisions remain at the sole discretion of Disqus.
For complete details, please visit our Terms of Service.
Click here to report a violation of the Basic Rules for Disqus-powered sites.   Abusive Behavior Policy Written by Disqus  Updated over a week ago Engaging in targeted abuse or harassment on Disqus is a violation of the Basic Rules and Terms of Service.
We want to foster a positive and diverse community for rich discussions.
It’s our responsibility to cultivate an environment for communities and discussions to thrive and for users to feel safe when participating.
To that end, we’ve established this policy to help us evaluate abusive behavior in its various forms.&nbsp;We do not condone and can take action on the following types of abusive behavior including but not limited to:

targeted harassment or encouraging others to do so
threat of violence or inciting it
self-harm or suicide
impersonating someone in a misleading or deceptive manner
posting personally identifiable information
improper use or breaking Disqus in such a way that it negatively hurts the experience for others
posting illegal content such as copyrighted material or child pornography

All types of content is tolerated as long as it does not violate the Disqus Basic Rules and Terms of Service.
Additionally, we do not mediate content or intervene in disputes between users.&nbsp;As Disqus doesn't provide moderation, nor do we know the ins and outs of each community, the site or channel moderators are the people you should contact to report abusive behavior that isn’t covered by the Basic Rules.
Learn more about how moderation works on Disqus.
How we enforce against abusive accounts
We review flagged user reports and will act to enforce the Basic Rules and Terms of Service when we find they have been broken.
Actions vary depending on the severity of the violation(s) and may include but not limited to:

removal of content (e.g.
comments, discussions)
warning the user of the violation
resetting the user's profile to default
global banning accounts or communities

Reporting abusive behavior to Disqus
If you've become the target of abusive activity or are seeing it take place in a discussion or profile powered by Disqus, there are a few things you can do to raise awareness of the issue to the right people, and hopefully, find a resolution.
For instructions about how to report abusive behavior, read this article.   Data Processing Agreement for Publishers Disqus' Data Processing Agreement is an amendment to Disqus' Terms of Service for publishers.
Customers can download a presigned version.
M Written by Mario Paganini  Updated over a week ago This Disqus Data Processing Agreement (“DPA”), that includes the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission, as applicable, reflects the parties’ agreement with respect to the terms governing the Processing of Personal Data under the Disqus Terms of Service (the “Agreement”).
This DPA is an amendment to the Agreement and is effective upon its incorporation into the Agreement (sign-up).
Upon its incorporation into the Agreement, the DPA will form a part of the Agreement.
We understand that some publishers may prefer to have a signed DPA for their records.
Publishers can download a pre-signed version of the Disqus Publisher DPA via the link below.
For any questions, please contact us at privacy@disqus.com.&nbsp;
Download Disqus Publisher DPA


DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT


EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation 2016/679) (“GDPR”)


Addendum to the Disqus Publisher Terms and Conditions&nbsp;

This GDPR Addendum to the Disqus Publisher Service Agreement (the “GDPR Addendum”) set forth on the signature line below (the “Publisher”) and forms part of the Disqus Publisher Terms and Conditions previously entered into by the parties hereto.&nbsp;
WHEREAS, Disqus provides Publisher with the Disqus commenting application service (the “Disqus Comments”) through which Disqus collects certain personal data from website users visiting the Publisher’s websites where the Disqus Comments are loaded, and Disqus further provides Publisher with the ability to access the comments left users on their website as well as some of the personal data associated with such comments;
WHEREAS, the European Union (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulation imposes compliance obligations upon Disqus and Publisher in relation to the collection and processing of personal data from persons located in the EU.
NOW THEREFORE, Pursuant to the requirements of the GDPR, Disqus and Publisher hereby enter into this Data Processing Agreement ("DPA").

Definitions

1.1For the purposes of this DPA:
(a)“EEA" means the member states of the European Union and Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and the United Kingdom.
(b)"EU Data Protection Legislation” meansRegulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (the “GDPR”) &nbsp;repealing Directive 95/46/EC, as amended, replaced or superseded, &nbsp;and any EU Member State laws supplementing the GDPR.
the EU Directive 2002/58/EC (“e-Privacy Directive”), as replaced from time to time, and any EU Member State laws implementing the e-Privacy Directive.
(c)"Controller" shall mean an entity which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data;&nbsp;
(d)"Processor" shall mean an entity which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller;
(e)“Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, and identification number, location data or online identifier.&nbsp;

2.Applicability of DPA.&nbsp;
2.1Applicability.
This DPA will apply only to the extent that Publisher processes Personal Data relating to EEA data subjects that it obtains from Disqus.&nbsp;

3.Roles and responsibilities.

3.1Parties' Roles.
Disqus and Publisher each act as a Data Controller with respect to the Personal Data processed hereunder.
EXHIBIT A describes the Personal Data that Disqus makes available to Publisher and the purposes therefor.Publisher undertakes to access and use the Personal Data provided by Disqus only to the extent reasonably necessary to achieve the purposes of the processing.
3.2Purpose Limitation.
Publisher shall process the Personal Data solely for the purposes described in EXHIBIT A, except where required by applicable law.
&nbsp;
3.3Compliance: each party, as Controller, shall be responsible for ensuring that it has complied, and will continue to comply, with all applicable laws relating to privacy and data protection, including but not limited to the EU Data Protection Legislation.&nbsp;

4.Security

4.1Security.Publisher shall implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the Personal Data from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access (each a "Security Incident").&nbsp;
4.2Confidentiality of processing.Publisher shall ensure that any person that it authorizes to process the Personal Data shall be subject to a contractual or statutory duty of confidentiality.&nbsp;
4.3Security Incidents.Upon becoming aware of a Security Incident, Publisher shall notify Disqus promptly and shall provide such timely information as Disqus may reasonably require, including to enable Disqus to fulfil any data breach reporting obligations under EU Data Protection Legislation.Publisher shall promptly take appropriate and commercially reasonable steps to mitigate the effects of such a Security Incident on the Personal Data under this Agreement.

5.Sub-processing

5.1Processors and Sub-Processors.
Publisher may engage Publisher affiliates and third party Data Processors or sub-Processors to process the Personal Data.
Publisher shall impose on such Processors data protection terms that protect the Personal Data to the same standard provided for by this DPA and shall remain liable for any breach of the DPA caused by a Processor or sub-Processor.&nbsp;

6.International transfers.

6.1International Transfers: To the extent that Publisher processes (or causes to be processed) any Personal Data originating from the EEA in a country that has not been designated by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Data, an adequate level of protection shall be put in place by the parties through any of the recognized methods in EU Data Protection Legislation.
Disqus authorizes any transfers of Personal Data to, or access to Personal Data from, such destinations outside the EEA subject to such adequacy measures having been taken.
&nbsp;
6.3Disclosure to authorities: Disqus acknowledges that Publisher may disclose the privacy provisions in this DPA and the Agreement to the US Department of Commerce, the Federal Trade Commission, a European data protection authority, or any other US or EU judicial or regulatory body upon their lawful request.

7.Cooperation

7.1Cooperation and data subjects' rights.Publisher shall reasonably cooperate with Disqus in all matters pertaining to the Personal Data and shall provide Disqus information about its uses of Personal Data upon request.Publisher shall respond and give effect to requests from data subjects seeking to exercise their rights under EU Data Protection Legislation.If Publisher cannot reasonably respond to a request by a data subject it may refer the data subject to Disqus as appropriate.
7.2Data Protection Impact Assessments:Publisher shall, to the extent required by EU Data Protection Legislation, provide Disqus with commercially reasonable assistance with any future data protection impact assessments or prior consultations with data protection authorities that Disqus is required to carry out under EU Data Protection Legislation.

8.Security reports and audits.

8.1Publisher shall provide, upon Disqus's request, copies of any relevant summaries of external security certifications or security audit reports necessary to verify Publisher compliance with this DPA.&nbsp;
8.2While it is the parties' intention ordinarily to rely on the provision of the documentation at 8.1 above to verify Publisher's compliance with this DPA, Publisher shall permit Disqus (or its appointed third party auditors) to carry out an audit of Publisher processing of Personal Data under the Agreement following a Security Incident suffered by Publisher, or upon the instruction of a data protection authority.
Disqus must give Publisher reasonable prior notice of such intention to audit, conduct its audit during normal business hours, and take all reasonable measures to prevent unnecessary disruption to Publisher's operations.
Any such audit shall be subject to Publisher's security and confidentiality terms and guidelines.

9.Deletion / return of data

9.1Deletion or return of data:Upon termination or expiry of the Agreement, Publisher shall delete the Personal Data (including copies) then in Publisher's possession, except to the extent that Publisher is required by an applicable law to retain some or all of the Personal Data.

10.Miscellaneous&nbsp;

10.1Except as amended by this DPA, the Agreement will remain in full force and effect.&nbsp;
10.2If there is a conflict between the Agreement and this DPA, the terms of this DPA will control.&nbsp;

Acknowledged and Agreed to:

Disqus, Inc.:

Signed: ____________________________
Name: &nbsp;____________________________
Title: ____________________________
Date: ________________

PUBLISHER:

Signed: ____________________________
Name: &nbsp;____________________________
Title: ____________________________
Date: ________________

&nbsp;


EXHIBIT A


DETAILS OF THE PROCESSING


Description of Disqus:&nbsp;


Disqus, Inc.
is the legal entity that has executed the Agreement with Publisher for the provision of Disqus' commenting application services on Publisher’s website.&nbsp;


Nature of the Data.
Purposes of Processing by Publisher:


Disqus provides a commenting application service (“Disqus Comments”) to Publisher for use as a comment forum on the publisher’s website.
Disqus collects personal data from users commenting in the Disqus Comments on Publishers website.
Disqus provides Publisher with access to the comments so that publisher may act as moderator on its website, and to meet its relevant obligations under applicable laws.
The comments may include personal data such as email address, username, IP address or other online identifier, which Publisher may process solely for the purpose of moderating Publishers’ site(s).&nbsp;


Type(s) of Personal Data processed:


&nbsp;Email address, username, IP address, other online identifier, information revealed in user comments.


Special categories of data (if applicable):


Disqus does not intentionally collect, and Publisher does intentionally process or transfer any sensitive personal data in relation to these data subjects.Publisher may collect categories of sensitive personal data contained in user comments as part of its comment moderation activities.&nbsp;


Categories of Data Subjects:


The personal data processed concern individuals who access the Publishers website on which the Disqus Comments are loaded.&nbsp;


Nature of Processing Operations:


&nbsp;


The personal data will be subject to the following basic processing activities:


Publisher will process the personal data solely for the purpose of moderating the comments on their&nbsp;


Website and meeting any applicable legal requirements.&nbsp;


&nbsp;
 Did this answer your question?   Third Party Advertising Partners A list of third party advertising partners that Disqus works with to serve ads on partner sites.
M Written by Mario Paganini  Updated over a week ago We work with several third party partners to serve relevant advertising within the Disqus comment embed on partner websites.
&nbsp;We do not share your information with these partners, however, in the course of serving or displaying ads through Disqus, these partners may place a cookie on your browser.
We expect all third party partners to follow all relevant privacy laws and regulations when serving ads through Disqus.&nbsp;
Appnexus
OpenX
Rubicon Project
Meme Global
Polymorph
DistrictM
ServerBid
Oath
Google
Taboola
Vidazoo
Teads
Insticator

 Did this answer your question?  Disqus Privacy Policy

Updated May 24, 2018

Disqus, Inc.
(“Disqus,” “we,” or “us”) provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use, disclosure and protection of information that apply to our Service (as defined below), as well as your choices regarding the collection and use of information.
It is important that you read this Privacy Policy together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.
This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.


INTRODUCTION


a.
Overview.
Disqus offers an online public comment sharing platform where users may login and create profiles to participate in conversations with peers and enjoy an interactive experience.
By using our comment sharing platform and software (collectively the “Service”) you understand and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
You further understand that the Service is a public platform and that we or other users may search for, see, use, or re-post any of your User Content (as defined in our Terms of Use) that you post through the Service
b.
Applicability and third-party websites and services.This Privacy Policy only applies to the information we collect when you use the Service or view the comments and does not apply to any website that uses the Service or other website linked to from the Service.
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the Service, including Partner Sites, or the information or content contained thereon.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer applicable, it also does not apply to the Partner Site on which you are commenting.
Your browsing activity and interaction with any other website, including those that you link to from the Service, is subject to that website's privacy policy. 
d.
Children’s Privacy.The Service is not intended for use by children under the age of 13.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for an account.
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete it.
If you believe that we might have collected personal information from a child under 13, please contact using the information below.

2.
 THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU

a.
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
b.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
•Identity Data includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, and date of birth.
•Contact Data includes email address and telephone numbers, and mailing address.
•Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, unique Cookie ID, Device ID, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access the Service.
•Profile Data includes your username and password, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses, marital status, gender, title.
•Usage Data includes information about how you use the Service.
c.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose.
Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific service feature.
However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
d.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data).
Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
e.
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with the Service).
In this case, we may have to cancel the Service but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.

3.
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?

We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:

Direct interactions. This includes personal data you provide when you:
•create an account;
•Leave a comment;
•enter a competition, promotion or survey.
or
•give us some feedback.

Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our Service, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns.
We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies as described below. 

Cookies: A cookie is a small piece of data that is stored on your computer or mobile device.When you use the Service, or visit a Partner Site using the Service, we send one or more cookies to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser.
Cookies help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site.
We also use cookies to collect Technical Data and information about how you use the Service and Partner Sites (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take), to track your usage of the Service on Partner Sites over time, and to personalize the content we show you, including ads.
We may use both persistent cookies, which remain on your hard drive after you close your browser, and session cookies which terminate when you close your browser.
Many browser settings can be set to decline cookies or alert you when a website is attempting to place a cookie.
If you have questions about such functionalities, you should consult with your browser’s manufacturer.
However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Please see our 
cookie policy
for further details about specific types of cookies we use.


Log File Information: Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page.
When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information.
These server logs may collect Technical Data such as your IP address, browser type, and information about the number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, Partner Sites, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.

Clear Gifs (Web Beacons) Information: When you use the Service, we may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to collect Technical Data and information such as online usage patterns.
We may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links or advertisements are clicked by recipients.
The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service and for us to provide you with advertisements that may interest you.

Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below:
•Technical Data from the following parties:

(a) analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU;

(b) advertising partners listed here;
•Identity and Contact Data from third party connections or log-ins (for example Facebook Connect, Google or Twitter by “following”, “liking” or linking your account to the Service. 

4.
TARGETED ADVERTISING and AD PARTNERS.

Advertising is the predominant way Disqus makes money.
Advertising revenue allows Disqus to support and improve the Service.
Disqus uses, and also engages third party ad partners and affiliates who use, [cookie IDs, device IDs (including mobile), hashed email addresses, IP address, ISP and browser information, demographic or interest data, content viewed and actions taken on the Service or Partner Sites,  including information about the websites you’ve viewed and advertisements you’ve interacted within order to provide you with more relevant advertising targeted to your preferences and interests derived from your interaction with the Service, Partner Sites or other third party websites.
For a list of third party ad partners that Disqus is currently working with click here.
Disqus may also send you email newsletters and email marketing messages if you have provided us with permission, or consented to receive such emails, as required in the jurisdiction in which you reside.
Email marketing messages may be tailored to your interests based on the information described above in this section, for information about how to opt-out from such messages please click here. 
To learn more about this type of targeted advertising (also called interest-based advertising), analytics services and your choices, including how to opt-out of some third party ads, advertising networks and ad servers, please visit the DAA Consumer Opt-Out Page, NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page, and Google's information page.
 

5.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
a.
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to.
Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
•Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
•Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
•Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
•Where you have provided your consent to such use.
b.
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so.
We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
c.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.

6.
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

a.
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 5 above.
Internal Third Parties as follows: Zeta Global.
For a list of external third parties, please click here

. 
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them.
If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
In addition to the above, we may access, preserve, and disclose your personal data, including your Identity, Contact, or Technical data, if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order, government request, or subpoena, or to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We may also access, preserve, and disclose such personal data if we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect yours', ours' or others' rights, property, or safety, or to investigate fraud.
b.We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.

 


7.
YOUR CHOICES REGARDING COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION.

a.
Your Account.
All registered users may review, update or correct the Identity, Contact and Profile data by changing their “user preferences” in their account.
To delete your account entirely, please follow these steps. 
b.
Opting Out of Targeted Advertising.
We strive to make the Disqus experience as personalized and relevant as possible for all users.
In doing so, we may deliver you targeted ads based on Technical, Profile and Usage data collected on the Service and Partner Sites (as described above).
Targeted Ads Opt-Out.
If you prefer to opt out of targeted advertising (also called interest based advertising) by Disqus, you may do so by clicking on the “opt-out page” link here:  opt out page.
 Our opt-out mechanism is managed through cookies, if you delete cookies from your browser or use a different browser, you may need to opt-out again, depending on the jurisdiction from which you access the Service.
Please note that even if you choose to opt-out of targeted advertising from Disqus, you will still see ads from us, they just won’t be targeted to you based on your interaction with the Service, Partner Sites or third-party sites.
The ads you continue to see from us may be selected for you based on information such as your age or gender or other demographic information.
Also note, you will still see targeted ads (interest based ads) from third parties.
You can opt-out from targeted advertising from third parties in general if they are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), or Participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Ad Choices Tool (DAA) by visiting the respective opt-out pages on the NAI or DAA websites .
 
c.
Opting Out of Our Newsletters and Promotional Emails.
You may opt-out of Newsletters and promotional emails from us at any time by using the opt-out mechanism contained in such emails (also referred to as "unsubscribe").
You may also unsubscribe or manage your email subscription by clicking this link: Manage My Disqus Email Settings.
Please note, unsubscribing from Disqus emails will unsubscribe you from Disqus notification emails and Disqus digest emails.
You will still receive transactional emails necessary for the Disqus service to function, these include, but may not be limited to, emails confirming you created a new account, emails helping you reset your password etc. 
d.
Declining Cookies.
If you do not want to accept our cookies, you can adjust your browser settings to decline cookies.
You should note, however, that certain areas of the Site may not operate properly if you decide not to accept cookies. 
e.
Change of Purpose.We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.

8.
DATA RETENTION.

a.We will only retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
b.To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.

9.
SECURITY.

a.Disqus uses commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through the Service.
To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account.
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from Disqus.
Notwithstanding the foregoing measures, Disqus cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Disqus or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
Your privacy settings may also be altered by accessing the Service through a third party such as social networks.
 Disqus is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party.

10.
California Privacy Rights.


a.California law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.Because our Privacy Policy gives you a choice of opting out of having your contact information disclosed to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, we may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your preferences.To request such information, please contact us at privacy@disqus.com.

11.
EEA DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS REGARDING PERSONAL DATA.

a.
Under certain circumstances and depending on where you are based, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your Personal Data.
 You have the right to:
i.
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”).
This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
ii.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you.
This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
iii.
Request erasure of your personal data.
This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.
You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law.
Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request. 
iv.Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms.
You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
v.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data.
This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy.
(b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
(c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
vi.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party.
We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
vii.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data.
However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.
If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you.
We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
b.
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights please follow the instructions here.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights).
However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights).
This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests.
In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.

12.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS.

For users based in the European Economic Area (EEA) we may share your personal data within the Disqus Group or with external third parties.
This may involve transferring your data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
•We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission.
For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries.
•We may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission, which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.
For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
•Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield, which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US.
For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.Disqus Inc.
is Privacy Shield registered.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.

Disqus and the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield.

Disqus complies with the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from the European Union.
Disqus has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit www.privacyshield.gov.
Disqus’ accountability for personal data that it receives under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles.
In particular, Disqus remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process the personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Disqus proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If you have a Privacy Shield-related complaint, please contact us at privacy@disqus.com.
As part of our participation in Privacy Shield, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the Privacy Shield Principles, and we cannot resolve it alternatively, you may reach out to our independent dispute resolution body, TrustArc at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. 
Disqus is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for transfer of personal data from the EU to third parties outside the EU. 

13.
GENERAL

a.
Contact.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please email us at privacy@disqus.com, or contact us by mail at 717 Market Street, Suite 700, San Francisco, CA 94103.
b.
Changes to Privacy Policy.Disqus may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this page periodically.
When we change the policy, we will update the ‘last modified’ date at the bottom of this page.
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of any changes to this policy means you accept such changes.
This Privacy Policy was last modified on May 24, 2018.
 Click here to view the Terms of Service.

 DISQUS TERMS


If you create an account with Disqus, you agree to the User Terms of Service.
If you are using Disqus comments on your website you are a “Publisher” and you also agree to the 


Publisher Terms of Service


which follow the User Terms of Service below.


DISQUS USER TERMS OF SERVICE.
Disqus, Inc.
(“Disqus”, “we”, “us” or “our”) offers an online public comment sharing platform where you may login and create profiles to participate in conversations with peers and enjoy an interactive experience.
These Terms of Service (the “Terms”) govern your use of and access to our comment sharing platform, software and website (collectively the “Service”) by using the Service you understand and agree to be bound by these Terms. 
THESE TERMS CONTAIN A MANDATORY ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES PROVISION THAT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS, AND ALSO LIMITS THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO YOU IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE.

Use of the Service. 
You may only access and use the Service if you agree to be bound by these Terms, are over the age of 13, and are not a person barred from receiving or using the Services under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction.
 If you are accepting these Terms and using the Service on behalf of a company, organization, government or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so.
In the event you breach these Terms, or violate the Basic Rules of Disqus, Disqus may, in our sole discretion, revoke your rights to use the Service and terminate your account.

License to Use the Service. 

Disqus grants you a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use the Service in accordance with the Terms and in the manner contemplated hereunder.
Disqus reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in and to the Service and the Disqus Content (as defined below).
Disqus reserves the right to revoke your license to use the Service at any time and for any reason. 
Disqus reserves the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy applicable law.
(ii) enforce these Terms, including investigation of potential violations hereof.
(iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or other technical issues.
(iv) respond to user support requests.
(v) protect the rights, property or safety of Disqus.
(vi) or as otherwise set forth in the Disqus Privacy Policy.

Modifying or Discontinuing the Service.
 
We are constantly changing and improving Service.
We may, without prior notice to you, add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop the Service altogether.

Disqus Account. 
By creating a Disqus account, you agree to these Terms.
When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information.
You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure.
We encourage you to use “strong” passwords (passwords that use a combination of upper and lowercase letters, numbers and symbols) with your account.
You may never use another user’s account without permission.
 You must notify Disqus immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Disqus will not be liable for any losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account.
You may control your User profile and how you interact with the Service by changing the settings in your profile settings. 

Privacy. 

The Disqus Privacy Policy describes how we use and process the information you provide to us when you use the Service.
You understand that by using the Services you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information as set forth in our Privacy Policy. 

Content on the Services. 
You are responsible for your use of the Services and for any content you submit, post, display or otherwise make available on or through the Service (“User Content”), including that such User Content complies with applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
You should only provide Content that you are comfortable sharing with others.
Disqus takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content that you or any other User or third-party posts or sends over the Service.
You shall be solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing it, and you agree that we are only acting as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of your User Content.
You understand and agree that you may be exposed to User Content that is inaccurate, objectionable, inappropriate for children, or otherwise unsuited to your purpose, and you agree that Disqus shall not be liable for any damages you allege to incur as a result of User Content.
Any use of or reliance on User Content or materials posted via the Services or obtained by you through the Services is at your own risk.
We do not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any User Content or communications posted via the Services or endorse any opinions expressed via the Services.
You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to User Content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate, inappropriate for children or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive.
All User Content is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such User Content.
We may not monitor or control the User Content posted via the Services and, we cannot take responsibility for such User Content.
You agree that Disqus shall not be liable for any damages you incur as a result of User Content.
Disqus respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects users of the Service to do the same.
We reserve the right to remove User Content alleged to be infringing without prior notice, at our sole discretion and without liability to you.
We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law and are properly provided to us as described below. 
By using the Service you represent and warrant that your User Content does not violate any applicable law or infringe any third party proprietary rights, including but not limited to, any Intellectual Property Rights.

Copyright Infringement: Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (“DMCA”)

If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement under the DMCA and is accessible via the Service, please notify Disqus’ copyright agent at the contact information below.
For your complaint to be valid under the DMCA, you must provide the following information in writing:

An electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;
Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and where it is located on the Service;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Disqus to contact you, such as your address, telephone number, and, e-mail address;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law.
and
A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner.

DMCA Agent Contact Information: 
Disqus, Inc. 
Attn: DMCA Notice Disqus, Inc.
717 Market Street, Suite 700
San Francisco, CA 94105
Email: dmca@disqus.com
Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying Disqus and its affiliates that your copyrighted material has been infringed.
In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, Disqus has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances, Users who are deemed to be repeat infringers.
Disqus may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Service and/or terminate the accounts of any Users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement. 
UNDER FEDERAL LAW, IF YOU KNOWINGLY MISREPRESENT THAT ONLINE MATERIAL IS INFRINGING, YOU MAY BE SUBJECT TO CRIMINAL PROSECUTION FOR PERJURY AND CIVIL PENALTIES, INCLUDING MONETARY DAMAGES, COURT COSTS, AND ATTORNEYS’ FEES.

Rights Regarding User Content.
You retain your rights to any User Content (“User Content”).
By submitting, posting or displaying any Content on the Service, you expressly grant, and you represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to grant, Disqus a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sublicensable, transferable, perpetual and irrevocable license to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display, distribute, and make derivative works of  such User Content in any and all media, technology or distribution methods (now known or later developed).
This license authorizes Disqus to make your User Content available, to the rest of the world and to let others do the same.
You agree that this license also includes the right for Disqus to provide, promote, and improve the Services and to make User Content submitted to or through the Services available to other companies, organizations or individuals for the syndication, broadcast, distribution, promotion, publication, or otherwise of such User Content on other media and services.
Such use by Disqus or other companies, organizations or individuals may be made with no compensation paid to you with respect to your content.

Disqus Content

Disqus’ name, logo, designs, trademarks, trade dress, service marks, copyrights, patents or other intellectual property rights in Disqus’ software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, APIs etc.
(the “Disqus Content”) is the exclusive property of Disqus or its licensors.
Except as explicitly provided herein, nothing in these Terms shall be deemed to create a license in or to Disqus Content, and you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from any Disqus Content.
Use of the Disqus Content for any purpose not expressly permitted by these Terms is strictly prohibited.

Feeds and API

Disqus provides access to portions of its Service via RSS feeds and an API.
For the purposes of these Terms, such access constitutes use of the Service.
Disqus asks that you use these features respectfully, and as may be outlined in any documentation that we provide.
You may not use these or any other features of the Service itself to allow the display of any portion of the Disqus database or reproduce, duplicate or copy any or all of the Disqus Service.
Disqus reserves the right to change these features at any time and to disable access to the feeds and the API at any time for any reason or no reason.

Service Rules

Please review the Disqus Service Rules below, in consideration of the license to use the Services you agree to comply with the Service Rules which are part of these Terms and outline what is prohibited on the services.
Please also note, Disqus comments often appear in websites and online communities not owned by Disqus, these websites and online communities may their own rules about content and comments on their site, please respect the rules of the communities in which you are using Disqus to comment. 
Bullying.
Harassment.
Hate Speech.
We do not allow bullying or hate speech on the Disqus platform.
Hate speech attacks people based on “protected characteristics” which include race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religious affiliation, sex, gender, gender identity or serious disability or disease.
Bullying targets individuals with the intention of degrading or shaming them.
Bullying is especially harmful to minors because they may be more vulnerable.
Disqus prohibits bullying and hate speech and requires our users to respect each other and comment with the respect and sensitivity of others in mind. 
Trademark Rights and Rights of Publicity.
Impersonation.
Users are required to respect the intellectual property rights of others, and are prohibited from posting content that violates someone else’s copyright, trademark, or right of publicity.
Additionally, users are prohibited from impersonating others in a manner that does or is intended to mislead or deceive others.
Accounts portraying another person in a confusing or deceptive manner may be banned at Disqus’ discretion. 
Safety.
Self-Harm.
Users are prohibited from promoting or encouraging suicide or self-harm.
When we receive reports that a person is threatening suicide or self-harm, we may take a number of steps to assist them, such as reaching out to that person and providing resources such as contact information for our mental health partners.
Violence and Criminal Acts.
Users are prohibited from promoting or publicizing violent crime, theft, or fraud.
We also prohibit users from making credible threats of violence, serious physical harm, or death.
This includes, but is not limited to, promoting, publicizing or threatening terrorist activity, organized hate crime, mass or serial murder, human trafficking, organized violence. 
Child sexual exploitation.
Disqus prohibits content that sexually exploits or endangers children.
If we become aware of apparent child exploitation, we will report it in compliance with applicable law. 
Inappropriate Content.
Graphic media, including explicit violence, gore, and pornographic content are not allowed.
 
Deceitful data collection.
Malware.Collecting or harvesting any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Service.
attempting to interfere with, to compromise the system integrity or security or to decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Service.
(v) taking any action that imposes, or may impose at our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure.
(vi) uploading data, viruses, worms, or other software agents through the Service accessing any content on the Service through any technology or means other than those provided or authorized by the Service.
or (xiii) bypassing the measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service, including without limitation features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Service or the content therein.
Spam.
Users are prohibited from posting or sending Spam through the service.
What constitutes Spam is constantly evolving.
Generally, Spam means repeated actions that negatively impact others, such as repeatedly posting a comment with the intent to post a thread etc.
The list of rules above is contently evolving.
Disqus may update and revise these rules at any time, please review Disqus Basic Rules for more information. 

Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability

THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.
YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, DISQUS, ITS PARENTS, AFFILIATES, RELATED COMPANIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, AND LICENSORS (THE “DISQUS ENTITIES”) DISCLAIM, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
THE DISQUS ENTITIES DO NOT WARRANT OR REPRESENT AND DISCLAIM, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL LIABILITY FOR: (I) THE COMPLETENESS.
 ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CORRECTNESS OF THE SERVICES OR ANY CONTENT.
(II)ANY HARM TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, LOSS OF DATA, OR OTHER HARM THAT RESULTS FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SERVICE OR CONTENT.
(III) THE DELETION OF OR FAILURE TO STORE OR TRANSMIT ANY CONTENT AND OTHER COMMUNITCATIONS MAINTAINED BY THE SERVICE.
 (IV) THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION, UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE.
ANY CONTENT DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DOWNLOADED AT YOUR OWN RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH DOWNLOAD OR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE DISQUS ENTITIES, BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS SERVICE.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISQUS ENTITIES BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS OR INJURY RESULTING FROM HACKING, TAMPERING OR OTHER UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICE OR YOUR ACCOUNT OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN.
THE SERVICE IS CONTROLLED AND OPERATED FROM ITS FACILITIES IN THE U.S.A.
THE DISQUS ENTITIES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS THAT THE SERVICE IS APPROPRIATE OR AVAILABLE FOR US IN OTHER LOCATIONS.
THOSE WHO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE FROM OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO SO AT THEIR OWN VOLITION AND ARE ENTIRELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LIABILITY INCURRED BY DOING SO.

Disputes, Choice of Law and Jurisdiction.
 These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
You agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (“Claims”) arising out of or relating to these Terms or your use of the Service by binding arbitration by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in Santa Clara County, California under the commercial rules then in effect for the AAA, Nothing in this Section shall be deemed as preventing Disqus from seeking injunctive or other equitable relief from the courts as necessary to protect any of Disqus’ proprietary interests. 
ALL CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES’ INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
YOU AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU ARE WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.

Any dispute resolution proceedings relating to these Terms or the Site will be conducted only on an individual basis and not as a class, consolidated, joined or representative action and the parties expressly waive all rights to commence or participate in any class, consolidated or representative action/proceeding.
You agree that Disqus’ agreement to arbitrate claims constitutes consideration for such waiver. 


Arbitration 

Arbitration under these Terms shall be conducted under the prevailing rules of the American Arbitration Association in Santa Clara County, California under the commercial rules then in effect for the AAA, except as provided herein.
The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
In the event, for any reason, arbitration is not permitted by applicable law, the parties waive all rights to trial by jury and waive all right to commence or participate in any class action, consolidated, representative or class proceedings.
U.S.
Government Entities.
If you are a federal, state, or local government entity in the United States using the Services in your official capacity and legally unable to accept the controlling law, jurisdiction or venue clauses above, then those clauses do not apply to you.
For such U.S.
federal government entities, these Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the United States of America (without reference to conflict of laws) and, in the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the laws of the State of California (excluding choice of law). 

Indemnity

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Disqus and its subsidiaries, agents, licensors, managers, and other affiliated companies, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) relating to your use of Service or actions taken through the Service, your User Content or any other data or content transmitted or received by you.
or your violation of applicable law, third party proprietary rights or these Terms. 

Severability.

In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.
Disqus’ failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms were first published and made effective on February 14th, 2017.
 
Contact Disqus:
717 Market Street
San Francisco, CA 94103
Click here to view the Privacy Policy.
PUBLISHER TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT

These Publisher Terms of Service Agreement (the, "Agreement")  are entered into by and between Disqus, Inc.
(“Licensor”) and the Publisher executing this Agreement electronically through the Licensor’s website.
Therefore, in consideration of the mutual covenants of the parties and other valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:


1.Access and Use. 
1.1 Access.
Licensor hereby grants Publisher a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access and use Licensor’s software application, application program interface (API), website, and software as a service, (the “Service”) during the Term (as defined herein).
Publisher may integrate the Service on any web sites owned, operated or controlled by Publisher as set forth in the Service Order, each an “Applicable Site”.Publisher may add Applicable Sites not set forth in the Service Order upon execution of an additional Service Order which shall be governed by this Agreement.Publisher shall not in any way deliver, transfer, or otherwise provide access to or make available the Service to any third parties except as specifically permitted by this Agreement.
Publisher is solely responsible for the activity that occurs on Publisher’s account, and is required to keep its account password secure.
In the event of any breach of security or unauthorized use Publisher’s account, Publisher shall notify Licensor immediately.
Licensor will not be liable for any losses caused by any unauthorized use Publisher’s account. 
1.2 Use.
Publisher shall use the Service in accordance with the Terms of this Agreement and the Licensor’s privacy policy.
Publisher shall be solely responsible for maintaining its own equipment and establishing its own connection via the Internet to the Service.
In no event shall Publisher, or any third party, use the Licensor’s APIs to “harvest” or read in bulk the contents of the data files used in the Service, expose or otherwise make available the Licensor’s APIs, including pass-through of the APIs to third parties, nor repackage the APIs to make available their functionality to third parties.
Publisher shall not take any action to interfere with the Service or any other user's use of the Service, Licensor’s host or network, including, without limitation, via means of overloading, “flooding”, “mailbombing” or “crashing” the Service. 
1.3 Updates.
The parties agree that Licensor may make updates, modifications or improvements (collectively, “Updates”) to the Service from time to time in its sole discretion.

2.
Payments and Fees.Publisher shall pay Licensor all fees set forth on the Service Order, including any sales, excise, service, use or other taxes now or hereafter imposed upon or required to be collected by Licensor by any authority in connection with this Agreement, excluding taxes based upon Licensor's net income (collectively, the “Fees”).
2.1 Paid Subscription.
In the event Publisher elects a Paid Subscription for the Service, the Fees for the Service shall be billed in advance monthly and shall be due thirty (30) days from the date of invoice.The first invoicing will occur immediately after execution of this Agreement.
Any additional customization or setup fees for additional integration work or work required to add Applicable Sites shall be set forth on a subsequent Service Order Form which shall be governed by the terms of this Agreement.
Publisher shall be responsible for interest on all Fees overdue by more than thirty (30) days from the date on the invoice at a rate of the lesser of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month or the maximum rate allowable by applicable law. 
2.2 Advertising.
Revenue Share.
If Publisher has selected a plan that is supported by advertising, Publisher agrees that Licensor may include advertisements and/or content provided by Licensor and/or a third party (collectively “Ads”) as part of the Service.
Disqus, in its sole discretion, determines whether the Publisher’s Applicable Site(s) are eligible to receive payments for running advertisements.
Publisher agrees to comply with any specifications that may be required by Licensor from time to time to enable proper delivery, display, tracking and/or reporting of Ads.
As a prerequisite to earning Revenue Share, Publisher shall be required to submit valid payment information and relevant tax forms via Licensor’s publisher dashboard.
Licensor shall have no obligation to pay Publisher in the event Licensor has not received payment from its advertisers.Publisher acknowledges and accepts the risk that third parties may generate impressions, clicks or other actions by fraudulent or improper means (“Fraudulent Activity”).
Licensor shall have no responsibility or liability to Publisher, and shall have no obligation to pay Publisher, in connection with any Fraudulent Activity.
Licensor shall pay Publisher the Revenue Share due to Publisher ninety (90) days from the end of each calendar month that Ads are running on the Applicable Site(s).
Licensor shall not distribute Revenue Share to Publisher is the amount due to Publisher is less than $100.
Publisher shall be required to claim Revenue Share from Licensor within three (3) months of the date Revenue Share was distributed to Publisher.
In the event Publisher does not claim Revenue Share within such time period, Licensor shall have the right to reclaim such Revenue Share.
Licensor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, not to run Ads on the Applicable Site(s) for any reason, or no reason, including, but not limited to, quality of the content or content requirements from Licensor’s advertisers. 

3.
Reporting and Audit Rights.
In the event that Publisher has a Paid Subscription to use the Service, the amount of such Paid Subscription is determined based on the Applicable Site(s) page views per month (the “Monthly License Fee”).Publisher shall be required to track and maintain accurate records of the number of average monthly page views per each Applicable Site (“Page Views”) and shall provide such records of Page Views to Licensor after the first 60 days of the Agreement, and thereafter, 15 business days prior to the end of each twelve (12) month period.
Licensor shall use such records to prepare the invoice for the following twelve (12) months’ Monthly License Fee in accordance with the fee tiers set forth in the Service Order.
Licensor shall have the right, during normal business hours, upon at least five (5) days’ advance written notice to Publisher and no more than twice annually, to audit, examine, inspect, review and make copies or take extracts from, all books and records of Publisher relating to the tracking and reporting of Page Views.
If such audit reveals an under-reporting of page views by an amount which would put Publisher in a higher fee tier, than Publisher shall promptly (a) pay to Licensor the difference between the amount paid and the fee tier in which the Publisher should have been.
and (b) reimburse licensor for all reasonable costs incurred by Licensor in performing such audit (including reasonable attorneys’ fees, expenses, and costs).
 

4.
Data Ownership and Privacy.
4.1 Data Ownership.Licensor shall own all rights, title and interest in and to the comments, content, data and information that is displayed, uploaded, exchanged, transmitted or collected through the Service as provided to the Publisher (the “Disqus Personal Data”).
Licensor hereby grants Publisher a limited, non-exclusive and revocable license to use the Disqus User Data for comment moderation and analytics purposes only (the “Permitted Purpose”). 
4.2 Data Processing.
For the purposes of this clause, the terms "controller", "data subjects", "personal data", "processor", "processing", and “supervisory authority” shall have the meaning given to them by the European Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”).
Licensor shall be the controller of the Disqus Personal data, and Publisher shall be the processor and (i) process Disqus Personal Data only in accordance with the Permitted Purpose.
If Publisher is required to process Disqus Personal Data for any other purpose by a law to which Publisher is subject, Publisher shall inform Licensor of this requirement before the processing, unless that law prohibits this on grounds of public interest, (ii) ensure that its personnel and subcontractors who have access to the Disqus Personal Data have committed themselves to confidentiality and are aware of and comply with Publisher's duties and their personal duties and obligations under this Agreement (iii) implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risks that are presented by the processing of Disqus Personal Data.
In case of a personal data breach which affects Disqus Personal Data, Publisher will notify Licensor without undue delay after becoming aware of it, (iv) taking into account the nature of the processing, assist Licensor by appropriate technical and organizational measures insofar as it is possible to fulfill Licensor's obligations to respond to requests from data subjects exercising their rights.
(v) taking into account the nature of the processing and the information available to Publisher, assist Licensor, at Licensor's cost, to ensure compliance with the obligations under the GDPR with respect to security, breach notifications, impact assessments and consultations with supervisory authorities or regulators.
(vi) upon termination of this Agreement or upon Licensor's request, destroy or return all Disqus Personal Data to Licensor (unless a law requires storage of the Disqus Personal Data), and (vii) make available to Licensor all information reasonably necessary to demonstrate compliance with the obligations laid down in this section and allow for and contribute to audits, including inspections, conducted by Licensor or an auditor mandated by Licensor.
Licensor acknowledges and agrees that Publisher may retain its affiliates and other third parties as sub-processors (all together "Sub-Processors") in connection with the provision of the Services having imposed on such Sub-Processors the same data protection obligations as are imposed on Publisher under this Agreement.
Publisher will be liable to Licensor for the performance of the Sub-Processors' obligations.
Publisher will inform Licensor in advance of any changes concerning the addition or replacement of third party processors.
Click here to view the full Publisher Data Processing Agreement amendment.
4.3 Cookies.
Subject to its compliance with applicable Privacy Laws (as defined below) Licensor shall be permitted to drop or recognize a cookie on the visitors to the Applicable Sites for the purpose of collecting Disqus Personal Data relating to the visitor’s activity and interaction with Disqus platform, the Applicable Site, or content on the Applicable Sites, and information about the visitor’s device ID, browser type, environmental or location information, or other similar information, as set forth in the Disqus privacy policy (“Cookie Tracking”).
Publishers may choose to turn off Cookie Tracking at any time, however, Publisher shall not be eligible to for Ad Revenue unless Cookie Tracking is turned on.


4.4 Compliance with Privacy Laws.
Both Licensor and Publisher shall comply fully with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and government orders relating to data protection and data privacy, including, but not limited to, the GDPR, (collectively “Privacy Laws”), and will only collect, use and disclose User Data collected through the Service and the Applicable Site(s) as set forth in this Agreement and in compliance with applicable Privacy Laws.
Publisher will ensure that each of its Applicable Sites (1) contains a privacy policy that discloses the usage of third-party technology.
and (2) complies with all Privacy Laws.



4.
Intellectual Property.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement, all intellectual property rights (a) owned or licensed by a party before the date of this agreement and (b) created, developed or licensed by that party after the date of this Agreement independently of this Agreement shall continue to vest in that party or its licensors.
Publisher acknowledges that all intellectual property rights in the Service (including any improvements, enhancements and modifications thereto), Licensor’s Confidential Information and any other software, data, or information provided or made available to Publisher under this Agreement (together the “Licensor’s Intellectual Property”) shall belong to Licensor and Publisher shall have no rights in or to Licensor’s Intellectual Property other than the right to use it in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Unless otherwise agreed to in writing, Publisher shall not remove or obscure any copyright, trademark or patent notice that appears on the Service.

5.
Confidential Information

5.1 Confidential Information.
In connection with this Agreement, each party may disclose, or may learn of or have access to, certain confidential proprietary information owned by the other party (“Confidential Information”).Confidential Information means any non-public data or information, oral or written, that relates to a party, or any of its business activities, technology, developments, inventions, processes, trade secrets, know how, source code, plans, financial information, Publisher and supplier lists, forecasts, and projections.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information is deemed not to include information that: (i) is publicly available or in the public domain at the time disclosed.
(ii) is or becomes publicly available or enters the public domain through no fault of the receiving party.
(iii) is rightfully communicated to the receiving party by persons not bound by confidentiality obligations with respect thereto.
(iv) is already in the receiving party's possession free of any confidentiality obligations with respect thereto.
(v) can be documented as independently developed by a party without use of any Confidential Information of the other party.
or (vi) is approved for release or disclosure by the disclosing party without restriction.
Each party shall use reasonable measures to maintain the Confidential Information of the other party in confidence and shall not disclose, publish or copy any part of such Confidential Information, to any third party.Each party shall only use the Confidential Information of the other party for the purpose of this Agreement and shall limit disclosures to any employees on a strict need-to-know basis.Notwithstanding the foregoing, a party may disclose Confidential Information of the other party pursuant to the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency, or other governmental body, provided that such party gives reasonable prior notice (if permissible) to the other party to contest such order or requirement.Upon request, each party shall return to the other party, or certify the destruction of, all Confidential Information of the other party.
6.
Representations and Warranties.
 
 6.1 Mutual Representations.
Each party represents and warrants to the other party that: (i) it has the full corporate right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the acts required of it hereunder.
(ii) the execution of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder, do not and will not violate any agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound.
and (iii) when executed and delivered, this Agreement will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such party, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. 
6.2.
Licensor Representations.
Licensor makes the following ongoing representations and warranties: (i) that Licensor’s software is not contaminated by harmful code (e.g., self-propagating program instructions commonly called viruses or worms).
and (ii) that if Licensor software contains any third party software, Licensor has all rights necessary to license such software.
6.3 Publisher Representations.
Publisher represents and warrants to Licensor that: (i) it owns, operates, or controls all Applicable Sites.
(ii) the Applicable Sites do not contain  materials that infringe or violate any third party proprietary rights including, but not limited to, third party intellectual property rights, or materials that violate any applicable laws, rules, or regulations.
and (iii) the Applicable Sites do not contain any harmful or disabling software code, including without limitation any virus, time-bomb or trojan horse.
 
6.3 Disclaimer of Warranties.
except for the express warranties provided for herein, the service, and any support services are provided to Publisher “as is” and Licensor expressly disclaims all warranties, express, implied or statutory, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement, and any warranties arising out of course of dealing, usage, or trade.
Licensor does not warrant that the service or any updates will meet Publisher's specific requirements or that the operation of the service or updates will be completely error-free or uninterrupted.
Licensor shall not be liable to Publisher for any inoperability of the service or for any loss of information or other injury, damage or disruption of any kind. 

7.
Limitation of Liability.
in no event will either party be liable to the other for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages (including without limitation loss of use, data, business or profits or costs of cover) arising out of or in connection with this agreement or the use or performance of the service and/or update(s), whether such liability arises from any claim based upon contract, warranty, tort (including negligence), product liability or otherwise, and whether or not Licensor has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage.
In no event shall either party’s cumulative liability to the other exceed the fees paid to Licensor by Publisher during twelve (12) months preceding the incident giving rise to such liability.

8.Indemnification.

8.1 Licensor.
Licensor shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Client and its affiliates, and their respective shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns from and against any and all third party claims for losses, liabilities, costs, expenses (including amounts paid in settlement and reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses), penalties, judgments and damages resulting from any claim by a third party that the Services or infringe or violate the intellectual property rights of any third party, provided, in each case, that Licensee is promptly notified in writing of the claim.
(ii) Licensor has sole control of the defense and any negotiations for the settlement of such claim.
and (iii) the indemnified party provides to Licensor, at Licensor’s expense, with all reasonable assistance, information, and authority necessary to perform the above.Should the Services Licensee’s opinion, be likely to become, the subject of a claim of infringement, Licensee may, at its option and expense, either procure for Publisher the right to continue using the Services or replace or modify the Services or Work Product in order to make them non-infringing. 
8.2 Publisher.
Publisher agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Licensor, its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, and employees from and against any and all Losses to the extent that such is based upon any third party claim in connection with (i) Publisher’s breach of any of its representations or warranties made hereunder.
(ii) Publisher’s violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations, including, but not limited to, any data protection and data privacy laws and regulations and industry association guidelines.
or (iii) Publisher’s violation of any third party intellectual property right. 
8.3 Procedure.
The indemnifying party's obligations are conditioned upon the indemnified party: (i) giving the indemnifying party prompt written notice of any claim, action, suit or proceeding for which the indemnified party is seeking indemnity.
(ii) granting complete control of the defense and settlement to the indemnifying party.
and (iii) reasonably cooperating with the indemnifying party, at the indemnifying party's expense, in defense and settlement of such claim.Notwithstanding the foregoing, the indemnifying party will not enter into any settlement that adversely affects the indemnified party’s rights or interests without the prior written consent of Licensor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. 

9.
Term and Termination

9.1 Term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of twelve (12) months following the Launch Date.After the expiration of the initial or any renewal term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for additional twelve (12) month periods unless either party gives not less than ninety (90) days’ prior written notice of its intention not to renew (the initial term and any renewal terms collectively referred to as the “Term”). 
9.2 Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate: (i) by a party thirty (30) business days after the other party’s receipt of written notice that such party is in material breach of any of the terms or conditions set forth in this Agreement, unless such party cures such breach within said thirty (30) business days period or (ii) upon written notice if the other party becomes insolvent, makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, files a voluntary petition of bankruptcy, suffers or permits the appointment of a receiver for its business or assets, becomes subject to any proceedings under any bankruptcy or insolvency law, whether domestic or foreign, or has wound up or liquidated its business voluntarily or otherwise, and same has not been discharged or terminated within ninety (90) days.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensor may immediately and without prior notice terminate or suspend Publisher’s access to the Service in the event Licensor reasonably believes that continued Publisher access or storage may harm the Service, expose Licensor to liability or is necessary to comply with applicable law.
9.3 Obligations Upon Termination.
Upon the effective date of expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, whether by Publisher or Licensor, Publisher’s right to use the Service shall immediately cease.
It is Publisher’s sole responsibility to download User Data.
Licensor has no obligation to make such data available following the date of termination.
Promptly upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, Publisher shall pay any unpaid and outstanding Fees due to Licensor that have accrued as of the date of expiration or termination and Publisher shall return to Licensor, or certify the destruction of, all copies of the Licensor’s Confidential Information.
If you terminate this Agreement, Disqus will pay you your earned balance within approximately ninety (90) days after the end of the calendar month in which the Agreement is terminated (following Disqus’ receipt of your written request, including by email, to terminate this Agreement).
In no event, however, will Disqus make payments for any earned balance less than $10.

10.
General Provisions

10.1 Severability and Waiver.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be void, invalid or inoperative, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall continue in effect and the invalid portion of any provision shall be deemed modified to the least degree necessary to remedy such invalidity while retaining the original intent of the parties.The failure of either party to partially or fully exercise any rights or the waiver of either party of any breach shall not prevent a subsequent exercise of such right or be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other term of this Agreement.
10.2 Independent Contractors.
Each party to this Agreement is an independent contractor in relation to the other party with respect to all matters arising under this Agreement.
Nothing herein shall be deemed to establish a partnership, joint venture, association or employment relationship between the parties.Publisher may not assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement to any other entity without the prior written consent of Licensor, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.
10.3 Assignment.
 Neither party may, or shall have the power to, assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other.
provided, however, that either party may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the approval of the other party to any subsidiary or Affiliate or successor in connection with a merger, consolidation, sale of all of the equity interests of the party, or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the party to which this Agreement relates.
provided, that in no event shall such assignment relieve such party of its obligations under this Agreement.
Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding on the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
10.4 Entire Agreement.
This Agreement, including any exhibits and schedules attached hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties on this subject matter and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings and agreements between the parties concerning this subject matter.
Neither Party will be bound by, and each party specifically objects to, any term, condition, or other provision which is different from or in addition to the provisions of this Agreement (whether or not it would materially alter this agreement).No amendment or modification of this Agreement shall be made except by a writing signed by both parties. 
10.6 Survival.
The provisions of this Agreement, which by their nature are intended to survive after termination or expiration of this Agreement shall so survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement regardless of the reason or reasons therefore.
10.7 Freedom of Action.
Either party is free to enter into similar agreements with others and may design, develop, manufacture, acquire or market competitive products or services.
Either party may assign and re-assign its employees in any way it may choose and neither party is restricted in any way from hiring or soliciting employees of the other.
10.8 Counterparts Acceptable.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same document.
10.9 Publicity.
Neither party shall use the other party’s name, tradename, trademarks or any other designations of the other party in its advertising or promotional activity without the prior written consent of the other party in each instance.
10.10 Force Majeure.
Except for payment obligations, neither party shall be in breach of this Agreement or responsible for damages caused by delay or failure to perform, in full or in part, its obligations hereunder, provided that there is due diligence in attempted performance under the circumstances and that such delay or failure is due to fire, earthquake, unusually severe weather, strikes, government sanctioned embargo, flood, act of God, act of war or terrorism, act of any public authority or sovereign government, civil disorder, delay or destruction caused by public carrier, or any other circumstance substantially beyond the control of the party to be charged. 
10.11 Governing Law.
Jurisdiction.The validity, interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California and each party irrevocably submits to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the courts located in Santa Clara County, California.
The United Nations Convention on contracts for the International Sales of Goods shall not apply.
The remedies under this Agreement shall be cumulative and not alternative and the election of one remedy for a breach shall not preclude pursuit of other remedies unless expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement.Licensor shall be entitled to collect its reasonable attorney’s fees, costs and expenses in any action brought to seek amounts past due or to otherwise enforce rights hereunder.
10.12 Notice.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered in person (including by overnight courier) or three days after being mailed by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) or sent by email, and on the date the notice is sent when sent by verified facsimile or email, in each case to the respective Parties at the address first set forth hereto.Either Party may change its contact information by providing the other Party with notice of the change in accordance with this Section 10.4.


