Terms of Service
These Terms and Conditions of Service ("Terms of Service") govern your membership on Drop.com and its associated mobile sites (the "Drop Sites" or the "Sites") and your purchases and use of products and services available through the Drop Sites.
The Drop Sites are operated by Massdrop, Inc.
and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, "Drop").
Throughout the Site, the terms "we," "us" and "our" refer to Drop.
Drop offers this Site, including all information, tools and services available on this Site, to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of these Terms of Use.
Your continued use of this Site constitutes your agreement to these Terms of Use.
If you do not wish to be bound by these Terms of Use, please do not use this Site.
GENERAL
These Terms of Service have been executed and delivered by you and constitute a valid and binding agreement between you and Drop, enforceable against you in accordance with their terms.
You represent that you are (1) at least 18 years of age, (2) of legal age to form a binding contract, and (3) not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction.
You shall establish and use your membership on the Drop Sites, and purchase and use the products and services available through the Drop Sites, in strict compliance with these Terms of Service and all applicable laws, rules and regulations (collectively, "Laws").
All calls, emails and other communications between you and Drop may be recorded.
Licenses and Site Access
All content available through this Site (including, without limitation, text, design, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio clips, downloads, interfaces, code and software, as well as the selection and arrangement thereof) is the exclusive property of and owned by Drop, its licensors or its content providers, and is protected by copyright, trademark and other applicable U.S.
and foreign laws.
Drop grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this Site.
Unless indicated to the contrary, you may access, copy, download and print the content available on this Site for your personal, non-commercial use, provided you do not modify or delete any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices that appear in the content.
Drop or its licensors or content providers retain full and complete title to the content available on the Site, including all associated intellectual property rights, and provide this content to you under a license that is revocable at any time in Drop’s sole discretion.
Drop strictly prohibits any other use of any content available through the Site, including but not limited to:

any downloading, copying or other use of the content or the Site for purposes competitive to Drop or for the benefit of another vendor or any third party;
any caching or the framing of any content available on the Site;
any modification, distribution, transmission, performance, broadcast, publication, uploading, licensing, reverse engineering, transfer or sale of, or the creation of derivative works from, any content, products or services obtained from the Site that you do not have a right to make available (such as the intellectual property of another party);
any uploading, posting or transmitting of any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer;
using any hardware or software intended to surreptitiously intercept or otherwise obtain any information (such as system data or personal information) from the Site (including, but not limited to the use of any "scraping" or other data mining techniques, robots or similar data gathering and extraction tools).
or
any action that imposes or may impose (in Drop’s sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Drop’s infrastructure, or damage or interfere with the proper working of our infrastructure.

You are responsible for obtaining access to the Site, and that access may involve third-party fees (such as Internet service provider or airtime charges).
In addition, you must provide and are responsible for all equipment necessary to access the Site.
You may not bypass any measures that have been implemented to prevent or restrict access to this Site.
Any unauthorized access to the Site by you (including any such access or use that involves in any way an account you may establish on the Site or any device you may use to access the Site) shall terminate the permission or license granted to you by Drop.
Drop reserves the right to refuse or cancel any person’s registration for this Site, remove any person from this Site and prohibit any person from using this Site for any reason whatsoever, and to limit or terminate your access to or use of the Site at any time without notice.
Drop neither warrants nor represents that your use of the content available on this Site will not infringe rights of third parties not affiliated with Drop.
Termination of your access or use will not waive or affect any other right or relief to which Drop may be entitled, at law or in equity.
LINKS
This Site may contain links to other websites or resources that are operated by third parties not affiliated with Drop.
These links are provided as a convenience to you and as an additional avenue of access to the information contained therein.
We are not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources.
Inclusion of links to other sites or resources should not be viewed as an endorsement of the content of linked sites or resources.
Different terms and conditions and privacy policies may apply to your use of any linked sites or resources.
Drop is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage, loss or liability caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with any use of or reliance on any such content, products or services available on or through any such linked site or resource.
Access to Password Protected Site Features
Access to and use of password-protected areas of the Site is restricted to authorized users only.
You are responsible for protecting your login credentials, including any password.
You agree that you will be responsible for any and all statements made, and acts or omissions that occur, through the use of your login credentials.
If you have any reason to believe or become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of your login credentials, notify Drop immediately.
Drop may assume that any communications we receive from your email or other address, or communications that are associated with your login credentials or your account on this Site, have been made by you unless we receive notice indicating otherwise.
Electronic Communications
When you use the Site or send emails to Drop, you are communicating with Drop electronically.
You consent to receive electronically any communications related to your use of this Site.
Drop will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on this Site.
You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that are provided to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
All notices from Drop intended for receipt by a customer shall be deemed delivered and effective when sent to the email address you provide on any of the Drop Sites.
Indemnities
You will indemnify and hold harmless Drop from and against any and all fines, penalties, liabilities, losses and other damages of any kind whatsoever (including attorneys’ and experts’ fees), incurred by Drop and such parties, and shall defend Drop and such parties against any and all claims arising out of (1) your breach of these Terms and Use.
(2) your breach of the Terms of Service.
(3) fraud you commit, or your intentional misconduct or gross negligence.
or (4) your violation of any applicable U.S.
of foreign law or the rights of a third party.
Drop will control the defense of any claim to which this indemnity may apply, and in any event, you shall not settle any claim without the prior written approval of Drop.
Content You Submit
You acknowledge that you are responsible for any content you may submit through the Site, including the legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright of any such content.
You may not upload to, distribute or otherwise publish through this Site any content that:

is confidential, proprietary, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, infringing on intellectual property rights, unlawful, harmful, threatening, false, fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, profane, abusive, harassing, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable, including, but not limited to any content that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, violates the rights of any party or otherwise gives rise to civil liability or otherwise violates any applicable U.S.
of foreign laws;
may contain software viruses or malware;
contains advertisements or solicitations of any kind, or other commercial content;
is designed to impersonate others;
contains personal information (such as messages that include phone numbers, Social Security numbers, payment card numbers, account numbers, addresses or employer references), except where we expressly ask you to provide such information;
contains messages by non-spokesperson employees of Drop purporting to speak on behalf of Drop or containing confidential information or expressing opinions concerning Drop;
contains messages that offer unauthorized downloads of any copyrighted, confidential or private information;
contains multiple messages placed within individual folders by the same user restating the same point;
contains identical (or substantially similar) messages to multiple recipients advertising any product or service, expressing a political or other similar message, or any other type of unsolicited commercial message.
this prohibition includes but is not limited to (a) using the invitation functionality that may be available on the Site to send messages to people who do not know you or who are unlikely to recognize you as a known contact.
(b) using the Site to connect to people who do not know you and then sending unsolicited promotional messages to those direct connections without their permission.
or (c) sending messages to distribution lists, newsgroup aliases or group aliases.

Some features that may be available on this Site require registration.
By registering, you agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself.
With respect to any content you submit or make available through the Site (other than personal information, you grant Drop a perpetual, irrevocable, non-terminable, worldwide, royalty-free and non-exclusive license to use, copy, distribute, publicly display, modify, create derivative works, and sublicense such content or any part of such content, in any media.
You hereby represent, warrant and covenant that any content you provide does not include anything (including, but not limited to, text, images, music or video) to which you do not have the full right to grant such a license to Drop.
Affiliate Disclosure Statement
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
When you click on these links and purchase products, the URL automatically includes an identifier that tells the retailer you discovered the link on Drop.
We then earn a small percentage of the purchase price as a referral fee.
Prices are exactly the same for you if your purchase is through an affiliate link or a non-affiliate link.
You will not pay more by clicking through to the link.
DATA INTEGRITY
You represent that all of the information, data and other materials you provide on this Site or to Drop through any other means are true, accurate, current and complete.
You are responsible for updating and correcting the information you have provided on this Site, as appropriate.
DROP MEMBERSHIP
You represent that all of the information, data and other materials you provide on this Site or to Drop through any other means are true, accurate, current and complete.
You are responsible for updating and correcting the information you have provided on this Site, as appropriate.
Establishing a Membership
You may establish membership on the Drop Sites.
At a minimum, enrollment requires you to (1) indicate agreement to these Terms of Service, (2) provide contact information and identification details, and (3) submit any other form of authentication required as part of the enrollment process, in Drop’s sole discretion.
You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and for restricting access to your account.
Use of Membership
You shall not use your Drop membership for any purpose competitive to Drop.
Notify Drop Support immediately if any unauthorized use of your Drop membership or the Drop Sites known to you, whether by you or a third party.
Membership Termination
You may cancel your Drop membership at any time by contacting Drop Support.
Drop may terminate your membership and refuse any and all current or future use of the Drop Sites or other services, or any portion thereof, (1) in order to comply with applicable Law, (2) if you provide any information that Drop determines, in its sole discretion, to be untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete (or if the information becomes untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete), (3) if Drop determines, in its sole discretion, that you are using your Drop membership in a manner not permitted by these Terms of Service or the Terms of Use, or (4) in other circumstances, as Drop deems appropriate in its sole discretion.
PURCHASES
You represent that all of the information, data and other materials you provide on this Site or to Drop through any other means are true, accurate, current and complete.
You are responsible for updating and correcting the information you have provided on this Site, as appropriate.
Order Processing
Drop may, in its sole discretion, choose to not process or to cancel your order in certain circumstances.
This may occur, for example, when the product or service you wish to purchase is out of stock or has been mispriced, we suspect the request is fraudulent, or in other circumstances Drop deems appropriate in its sole discretion.
Drop also reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to take steps to verify your identity to process your order.
Drop will either not charge you or refund the charges for orders that we do not process or cancel.
Product and Service Descriptions
Drop strives to provide accurate descriptions of products and services on the Drop Sites.
Drop does not guarantee, however, that the descriptions are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free.
If a product or service offered on the Drop Sites is not as described, your sole remedy is to return the item.
Cosmetic and Beauty
All material and information presented by Drop with respect to any cosmetic products are intended to be used for personal informational purposes only.
You may not sell or resell any products you purchase or otherwise receive from Drop.
While Drop has tried to accurately display the colors of products, the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor and monitor settings and may not be accurate.
Drop is not the manufacturer of the cosmetic products it sells and shall not be bound by any errors or omissions in posting product information or prices with respect to any products or services offered on the Site.
We rely on product descriptions furnished by manufacturers, wholesalers, and other third parties and all cosmetic and beauty products should be used strictly in accordance with their instructions, precautions and guidelines.
Use of the Site is not meant to serve as a substitute for professional medical advice.
The products promoted on the Site, including cosmetic products, are not intended for the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, and are not intended to affect the structure of or any function of the human body.
No prescription medications or medical treatments are intentionally provided on our Site nor do we proclaim that any statements made about products have been evaluated by the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration.
The results reported, if any, may not necessarily occur in all individuals.
Please consult with your own physician or health care practitioner regarding any suggestions and recommendations made on our Site or by any cosmetic manufacturer and always check the ingredients for products to avoid potential allergic reactions.
If any minor uses any goods or product from Drop it should be only after the legal or parental guardian has discussed the product with the minor's doctor.
IF YOU ARE IN NEED OF MEDICAL ATTENTION, CALL 911 OR YOUR PHYSICIAN IMMEDIATELY.
Pricing Information
Drop strives to provide accurate pricing information regarding the products and services available on the Drop Sites.
We cannot, however, insure against pricing errors.
Drop reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to not process or to cancel any orders placed for a product or service whose price was incorrectly posted on the site as a result of an error.
If this occurs, Drop will notify you by email.
In addition, Drop reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to correct any error in the stated full retail price.
RETURN POLICY
Free returns and exchanges are accepted within the US on select Drop-branded products.
US customers may return or exchange these items in new, unused condition within 30 days of delivery by contacting Drop Support.
Eligible products will have a “Free Returns &amp.
Exchanges” note at the bottom of the product listing page.
For all other products, we only offer returns/replacement for items that arrive damaged, defective, not as advertised, or missing components.
When third-party runs are completed, we submit the group's order to the vendor up front.
This is how we’re able to deliver the best value to our members and is also why all sales are final.
In the event that a product arrives damaged, defective, not as advertised, or missing components, please contact Drop Support.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement of between you and Drop regarding the specific matters herein, and all prior agreements, letters, proposals, discussions and other documents regarding the matters herein are superseded and merged into these Terms of Service.
In the event there is a conflict between these Terms of Service and the Terms of Use with respect to the matters herein, these Terms of Service will control.
Site-Provided Email and Postings
The Site may provide users with the ability to send email messages to other users and non-users and to post messages on the Site.
Drop is under no obligation to review any content (including any messages) posted on or sent through the Site by users and assumes no responsibility or liability relating to any such content.
Drop, in its sole discretion, may monitor, not post or remove any such content.
SEVERABILITY
If any provision of these Terms of Service is deemed unenforceable, the enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and such provision shall be deemed to be restated to reflect the parties’ original intentions as nearly as possible in accordance with applicable laws.
MODIFICATION OF TERMS OF SERVICE
You acknowledge and agree that Drop may, in its sole discretion, modify, add or remove any portion of these Terms of Service at any time and in any manner, including the terms of Drop membership, by posting revised Terms of Service on the Site.
You may not amend or modify these Terms of Service under any circumstances.
The current version of these Terms of Service is available at drop.com/terms.
It is your responsibility to check periodically for any changes we make to the Terms of Service.
Your continued use of this Site after any changes to the Terms of Service means you accept the changes.
EFFECT OF TERMINATION/SURVIVAL OF SELECTED PROVISIONS
Notwithstanding the expiration or earlier termination of your Drop membership, or any general legal principles to the contrary, any provision of these Terms of Service that impose or contemplate continuing obligations or rights of a party will survive expiration or termination of these Terms of Service.
EFFECTIVE DATE
January 21st, 2013  DROP PRIVACY POLICY
1.
OUR APPROACH TO PRIVACY
1.1 Massdrop, Inc.
("Drop", "we", "our", or "us") is strongly committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This privacy policy sets out how we collect, store, process, transfer, share and use data that identifies or is associated with you ("personal information") and information regarding our use of cookies and similar technologies.
1.2 Drop operates a community-driven e-commerce platform that allows users to discuss, request and receive updates about specific products and features, and for members to market and sell products requested through the platform, in each case using our website at drop.com (the "Service").
1.3 This privacy policy applies to our Service.
Terms used in this privacy policy have the same meaning as in our Terms of Service, unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy.
1.4 Before accessing or using our Service, please ensure that you have read and understood our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
1.5 Drop is the data controller of the personal information we hold about you.
2.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE USE IT

Personal information we collect from you directly

2.1 We collect personal information that you voluntarily submit directly to us when you use our Service.
This can include information you provide to us when you register for an account and user profile, fill in a form on our Service, create or edit your user profile on the Service, correspond with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise, subscribe to our mailing lists, newsletters or other forms of marketing communications, respond to a survey, post comments in forums, enter a promotion, or use some other feature of our Service.
We may also collect personal information from third parties, such as social networks.
2.2 We will indicate to you where the provision of certain personal information is required in order for us to provide you certain features of the Service.
If you choose not to provide such personal information, we may not be able to provide the Service to you or respond to your other requests.
2.3 The list below sets out the categories of personal information we collect about you and how we use that information:

Contact and profile information. Personal information, such as your name, username, phone number, address, e-mail address, profile picture and personal information contained in your bio.

Comments, chat and opinions. When you contact us directly, e.g.
by email, phone or when you complete an online form or participate in an online forum or chat, we will record your comments and opinions.

Payment and transaction information. Information such as items purchased, date and time of your transaction, and payment information, such as your credit card or bank account details.

Preferences. Preferences set for notifications, marketing communications, how our website is displayed and how you use the Service.
2.4 We may use this information to:

(a) allow you to log in to and use certain features of the Service, create a profile for you on the Service, and to operate, maintain and provide to you the features of the Service;
(b) facilitate the shipment of products ordered through the Service;
(c) communicate with you including sending service-related communications (such as statements, invoices and solicited marketing communications) and unsolicited marketing communications in accordance with your preferences;
(d) provide customer support and deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the Service;
(e) inform our advertising and marketing, and the development of new products and features available through our Service, or to otherwise monitor and improve our Service.
and
(f) detect and prevent fraud.

2.5 The processing of the above personal information is necessary for:

(a) the performance of a contract with you and to take steps prior to entering into a contract.
and
(b) our legitimate interests, namely administering, tailoring and improving the Service, informing our direct marketing, communicating with users.


Personal information we collect from third parties

2.6 From time to time, we may receive information about you from third parties and other users:

Information obtained from third parties. We may obtain information from third parties to enhance or supplement our existing user information.
We may also collect information about you that is publicly available.
We may combine this information with the information we collect from you directly.
For example, we may obtain information when you log in through a third-party social network or authentication service, such as Facebook or Google.

Information provided by social networks you connect to our Service. If you connect a social network, such as Facebook, to our Service we will collect personal information from the social network in accordance with your privacy settings on that social network.
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us, which could include your name, email address, address book and contacts, or other information.
Similarly, when you interact with us through a social media site or third-party service, such as when you like, follow, or share our content on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, or other sites, we may receive information from the social network, including your profile information, picture, user ID associated with your social media account, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties.
The data we receive is dependent on your privacy settings with the social network.
You should always review and, if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our website or Service.
2.7 We may use this information to:

(a) authenticate your identity, allow you to access and use certain features of the Service and to create a public profile for you.
and
(b) inform our advertising and marketing, and the development of new products and features available through our Service, or to otherwise monitor and improve our Service.

2.8 If you permit the third-party social network to share your friends list or address book with us, we may use this information to let you know what your friends are doing on our Service and to let your friends know what you are doing on the Service.
2.9 The processing of personal information we collect about you from third parties is necessary for:

(a) the performance of a contract and taking steps prior to entering into a contract;
(b) our legitimate interests, namely to tailor our Service to the user and to inform our marketing and product development.


Personal information we collect about you automatically

2.10 We also automatically collect personal information indirectly about how you access and use the Service and information about the device you use to access the Service.
The list below sets out the categories of personal information we collect about you automatically and how we use that information:

Information about how you access and use the Service. For example, the website from which you came and the website to which you are going when you leave our website, how frequently you access the Service, the time you access our Service and how long you use it for, the approximate location that you access the Service from, whether you access the Service from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Service.

Information about your device. We also collect information about the computer, tablet, smartphone or other electronic device you use to connect to our Service.
This information can include details about the type of device, unique device identifying numbers, operating systems, browsers and applications connected to our Service through the device, your Internet service provider or mobile network, your IP address and your device’s telephone number (if it has one).
2.11 We may use the information we collect automatically to present the Service to you on your device and to determine products and services that may be of interest to you for marketing purposes.
We may also use the personal information we collect from you to monitor and improve the Service and business, and to help us to develop new products and services.
2.12 The processing of the personal information we collect from you automatically is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely: to tailor the Service to the user and to improve the Service generally.
to monitor and resolve issues.
for marketing purposes.
to communicate with users.
to contact users.
and for the detection and prevention of fraud.

All personal information

2.13 We may link or combine the personal information we collect about you and the information we collect automatically.
This allows us to provide you with a personalised experience regardless of how you interact with us.
2.14 We may anonymise and aggregate any of the personal information we collect (so that it does not directly identify you).
We may use anonymised information for purposes that include testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving our Service and developing new products and features.
We may also share such anonymised information with others.
2.15 The processing of personal information in this way is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to monitor and improve our Service.
3.
RECIPIENTS OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
3.1 As required in accordance with how we use it, we may share your personal information with the following parties:

(a) Merchants. When you purchase products offered by third parties through our Service, your personal information may be disclosed to such third parties in order to process and fulfil your order.
(b) The community. When you post user content on our Service, such as your profile information, questions or comments, this content will be visible to other users of our Service.
(c) Service providers and advisors. Third party vendors and other service providers that perform services for us or on our behalf, which may include shipping and logistics services, identifying and serving targeted advertisements, providing mailing, email or chat services, tax and accounting services, payments processing, data enhancement services, fraud prevention, web hosting, or providing analytic services.
(d) Select third parties. We may share your personal information with third parties to the extent you have asked or authorised us to do so, such as the social network you connect to our Service or other parties from which you wish to receive information and marketing messages about products or services that may interest you.
(e) Purchasers and third parties in connection with a business transaction. Personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
(f) Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons. Third parties as required by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement.
(b) enforce our Terms of Service or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.
and/or (c) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Drop, our users or others.

3.2 We shall use reasonable endeavours to ensure that the above recipients use your personal information in a way that is consistent with this privacy policy, and we shall remain responsible to you for how these recipients use your personal information.
4.
MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
4.1 Our Service is a community where users can discuss and discover new products or features and receive updates and offers on products.
We will provide you with updates about the products you have requested or in which you have shown an interest in accordance with the functionality of our Service.
To do this, we will use the personal information we collect about you to send you information and updates about products you have requested or in which you have shown an interest on our Service.
Most messages we send will be by email.
4.2 If you are in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), we will only send you marketing messages if you have given us your consent to do so.
If you do not want to receive messages from us, you will be able to tell us by selecting certain boxes on forms we use when we first collect your contact details or by refusing or withdrawing your consent.
4.3 You can change your preferences about the notifications you receive by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails or logging into your account on our website and changing your preferences, although this will not unsubscribe you from administrative emails from us.
5.
STORING AND TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
5.1 Retention periods. We will store payment and transaction information for up to 6 years from the date of your purchase.
For all other categories of personal data, we will store it for no longer than necessary for the purposes set out above and in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
5.2 Security. We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage.
All personal information we collect will be stored on our secure servers, and all transfers of personal information will be protected by TLS encryption technology.
We will never send you unsolicited emails or contact you by phone requesting your account ID, password, credit or debit card information or national identification numbers.
5.3 International Transfers of your Personal Information. As we are located in the USA, any information you provide will initially be collected and stored in the USA.
If you are in the EU or EEA, this may mean that your personal information will be stored in a jurisdiction that offers a level of protection that may, in certain instances, be less protective of your personal information than the jurisdiction you are typically resident in.
5.4 We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with applicable law and this privacy policy.
5.5 Privacy Shield.
We comply with the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield framework and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield framework as set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information received from European Union countries and Switzerland (the "Privacy Shield").
We have certified that we adhere to the Privacy Principles of notice, choice, accountability for onward transfer, security, data integrity, purpose limitation, access, and recourse, enforcement and liability ("Principles").
If there is any conflict between the policies in this policy and the Principles, the Principles shall govern.
To learn more about Privacy Shield, please visit the U.S.
Department of Commerce Privacy Shield website: https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
For more information regarding our Privacy Shield certification, please see our Privacy Shield Privacy Statement addendum.
5.6 If you wish to enquire further about the safeguards we use, please contact us using the details set out at the end of this privacy policy.
6.
YOUR RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
6.1 In accordance with European Union privacy law, if you are in the EEA you have the following rights in respect of your personal information that we hold:

(a) Right of access. You have the right to obtain:

(i) confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information;
(ii) information about the categories of personal information we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal information and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
(iii) information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal information.
and
(iv) a copy of the personal information we hold about you.

(b) Right of portability. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person.
(c) Right to rectification. You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you without undue delay.
(d) Right to erasure. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal information without undue delay if the continued processing of that personal information is not justified.
(e) Right to restriction. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal information if the continued processing of the personal information in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you.
(f) Right to object. You have a right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation.
There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal information, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case.
You can object to marketing activities for any reason.

6.2 If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this privacy policy.
You may also review and edit the personal information you have submitted to us by logging into your account on our website.
6.3 You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your national data protection authority.
Further information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
6.4 Residents in other jurisdictions may also have similar rights to the above.
Please contact us using the contact details at the end of this privacy policy if you would like to exercise one of these rights, and we will comply with any request to the extent required under applicable law.
7.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS - YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
7.1 This section applies to you if you are a resident of the state of California.
This section provides additional details about the personal information we collect about California consumers and the rights afforded to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA.” For purposes of this section, “personal information” has the meaning provided by the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) and does not include information that is publicly available, that is deidentified or aggregated such that it is not capable of being associated with us, or that is excluded from the CCPA’s scope, such as personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, such as the HIPAA, the FCRA, GLBA or the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
This section does not apply to information relating to our employees, contractors, applicants and other personnel.
7.2 Collection and use of Personal Information.
For more details about the personal information we have collected over the last 12 months, including the categories of sources, please see the Personal Information We Collect About You And How We Use It section above.
We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the same, Personal Information We Collect About You And How We Use It section above.
We share this information with the categories of third parties described in the Recipients Of Your Personal Information section above.
We do not sell (as such term is defined in the CCPA) the personal information we collect (and will not sell it without providing a right to opt out).
Please note that we do use third-party cookies for our advertising purposes as further described in the Cookies And Similar Technologies and Interest Based Advertising section below.
In the last 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information:

(a) Identifiers, such as your name, address, phone number, email address, or other similar identifiers;
(b) California customer records, such as payment information;
(c) Commercial information, such as records of services purchased, obtained or considered;
(d) Internet/Network information, such as device information, logs and analytics data;
(e) Geolocation data, such as precise location data from your device or generated based on your IP address.
and
(f) Inferences about your interests and preferences, generated from your use of our sites.

We collect this information directly from you, from our business partners and affiliates, from your browser or device when you visit our websites, or from third parties that you permit to share information with us.
7.3 Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California consumers the right to request to know more details about the categories or specific pieces of personal information we collect (including how we use and disclose this information), to delete their personal information, to opt out of any “sales” that may be occurring, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
7.4 Disclosure of Personal Information.
We share personal information with the categories of third parties described in the Recipients Of Your Personal Information section above.
We do not “sell” personal information as most people would typically understand that term.
However, we do allow certain third-party partners and providers to collect information about consumers directly through our services for purposes of analyzing and optimizing our services, delivering ads, providing content and ads that are more relevant, measuring statistics and the success of ad campaigns, and detecting and reporting fraud.
To the extent this practice is interpreted to constitute a “sale” under the CCPA, please see our Cookies And Similar Technologies and Interest Based Advertising section below for more information including how to exercise your rights to opt-out of cookies, analytics and personalized advertising.
7.5 California consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights under the CCPA by contacting us at Drop Support.
We will verify your request using the information associated with your account, including email address.
Government identification may be required.
7.6 Your Rights and Choices.
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California consumers the following rights:

(a) The Right to Know any or all of the following information relating to your personal information we have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity:

(i) The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
(ii) The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
(iii) The categories of sources of the personal information;
(iv) The categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed;
(v) The categories of personal information we have sold and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold.
and
(vi) The business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling the personal information.

(b) The Right to Request Deletion of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
(c) The Right to Opt Out of Personal Information Sales to third parties now or in the future.

You also have the right to be free of discrimination for exercising these rights.
However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the same manner.
7.7 To Submit Your California Consumer Rights Requests.
You may submit a request to exercise your California Consumer Rights through one of the mechanisms described below.
We will need to verify your identity before processing your request, which may require us to request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account, if you have one.
In certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your request, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or as permitted by law.

(a) To exercise your Right to Know, please submit a request via Drop Support or email us at privacy@drop.com.
(b) To exercise your Right to Request Deletion, please submit a request via Drop Support or email us at privacy@drop.com.
(c) To opt out or control the use of your personal information by social media, advertising and analytics partners, please see Cookies And Similar Technologies and Interest Based Advertising.

7.8 Minors.
We do not sell the personal information of consumers we know to be less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "Right to Opt In") from either the minor who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a minor less than 13 years of age.
Please contact us via Drop Support or email us at privacy@drop.com to inform us if you, or your minor child, are under the age of 16.
If you are under the age of 18 and you want to remove your name or comments from our website or publicly displayed content, please contact us directly via Drop Support or email us at privacy@drop.com.
We may not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances.
7.9 Do Not Track Signals. California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser "Do Not Track" (DNT) signals.
Because there currently isn't an industry or legal standard to recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we don't respond to them at this time.
We await the result of work by the privacy community and industry to determine when such a response is appropriate and what form it should take.
To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
7.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
7.1 Our website uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our website.
This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website.
7.2 Cookies are pieces of code that allow for personalisation of our website experience by saving your information such as user ID and other preferences.
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes.
7.3 We use the following types of cookies:

(a) Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website.
They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
(b) Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it.
This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
We may use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Online Services and to understand more about the demographics of our users.
You can learn more about Google’s practices at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners, and view its currently available opt-out options at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
(c) Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website.
This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
(d) Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed.
We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it, and the marketing messages we send to you more relevant to your interests.
We may also share this information with third parties who provide a service to us for this purpose.
(e) Third party cookies. Please be aware that advertisers and other third parties may use their own cookies tags when you click on an advertisement or link on our website.
These third parties are responsible for setting out their own cookie and privacy policies.

7.4 The cookies we use are designed to help you get the most from the website but if you do not wish to receive cookies, most browsers allow you to change your cookie settings.
Please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website.
These settings will typically be found in the "options" or "preferences" menu of your browser.
In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, otherwise you should use the "Help" option in your browser for more details.

(a) Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
(b) Cookie settings in Firefox
(c) Cookie settings in Chrome
(d) Cookie settings in Safari web and iOS.

7.5 We also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our Customers to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients.
The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of our Service.
You can set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain these technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our e-mail and performed certain functions with it.
7.6 If you would like to find out more about cookies and other similar technologies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org or the Network Advertising Initiative's online sources at www.networkadvertising.org.
7.7 Deleting or blocking cookies may not be effective for all types of tracking technologies, such as Local Storage Objects (LSOs) like Flash objects or HTML5.
7.8 We are unable to respond to Do Not Track signals set by your browser at this time.
8.
INTEREST BASED ADVERTISING
8.1 We participate in interest-based advertising and use third party advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history.
We permit third party online advertising networks, social media companies and other third party services to collect information about your use of our Service over time so that they may play or display ads on our Service, on other websites, apps or services you may use, and on other devices you may use.
8.2 Typically, though not always, the information used for interest-based advertising is collected through cookies or similar tracking technologies.
We and our third party partners use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your interests, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research.
8.3 We may also use certain forms of display advertising and other advanced features through Google Universal Analytics, such as Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.
These features enable us to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the Doubleclick advertising cookie) or other third party cookies together to inform, optimise, and display ads based on your past visits to the Service.
You may control your advertising preferences or opt-out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager, currently available at https://google.com/ads/preferences or by vising NAI’s online resources at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
8.4 To learn about interest-based advertising and how you may be able to opt-out of some of this advertising, you may wish to visit:

(a) the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices;
(b) the DAA’s resources at www.aboutads.info/choices.
and/or
(c) Your Online Choices at www.youronlinechoices.com/uk.

Please note that opting-out of receiving interest-based advertising through the NAI’s and DAA’s or Your Online Choices online resources will only opt-out a user from receiving interest-based ads on that specific browser or device, but the user may still receive interest-based ads on his or her other devices.
You must perform the opt-out on each browser or device you use.
8.5 Some of these opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies.
If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you will need to opt-out again.
9.
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT
9.1 As part of our participation in the Privacy Shield, we are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
9.2 You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority.
Further information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
9.3 In compliance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, we commit to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information.
European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact us using the contact information listed below.
9.4 We have further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the JAMS Privacy Shield Program.
Under certain conditions specified by the Principles, you may also be able to invoke binding arbitration to resolve your complaint.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information and to file a complaint.
9.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
Our Service may, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites, including those of other users, our partner networks, advertisers, partner merchants, news publications, retailers and affiliates.
If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies.
Please check the individual policies before you submit any information to those websites.
10.
OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN
10.1 Our Service is not directed at persons under 16 years old and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone younger than 16 years old.
If you become aware that anyone younger than 16 has provided us with personal information, then please contact us using the details below so that we can take steps to remove such information and terminate any related accounts.
11.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may update this privacy policy from time to time and so you should review this page periodically.
When we change this privacy policy in a material way, we will update the "last updated" date at the end of this privacy policy.
Changes to this privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
12.
NOTICE TO YOU
If we need to provide you with information about something, whether for legal, marketing or other business related purposes, we will select what we believe is the best way to get in contact with you.
We will usually do this through email or by placing a notice on our Service.
The fact that we may send notices to you will not stop you from being able to opt out of certain types of contact as described in this privacy policy.
13.
CONTACTING US
13.1 If you are in the EEA, our representative is Massdrop Ltd.
Regardless of your location, please contact Drop Support if you have any questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy.

Last Updated: January 7, 2020 