 Envato Elements 50% off Unlimited WordPress themes, plugins &amp.
video downloads! From $16.50/m 
 Forums 
 Start Selling 
 Menu Our Products 
 Digital assets subscription 
 Launch simple websites 
 Hire a freelancer 
 Tutorials &amp.
courses 
 Create designs, videos &amp.
mockups 


 Join the Envato community 
 Learn from others in the forums 


 Cart 0

 Sign In 
 Web Themes &amp.
Templates Code Video Audio Graphics Photos 3D Files 
 All Items 
 Popular Files 
 Featured Files 
 Top New Files 
 Follow Feed 
 Top Authors 
 Top New Authors 
 Public Collections 
 View All Categories 


 WordPress 
 Popular Items 
 All Items 
 Blog / Magazine 
 BuddyPress 
 Corporate 
 Creative 
 Directory &amp.
Listings 
 eCommerce 
 Education 
 Entertainment 
 Layers WP 
 Mobile 
 Nonprofit 
 Real Estate 
 Retail 
 Technology 
 Wedding 
 Miscellaneous 
 WordPress Plugins on CodeCanyon 


 Simple Site Builder 
 HTML 
 Popular Items 
 All Items 
 Admin Templates 
 Corporate 
 Creative 
 Entertainment 
 Mobile 
 Nonprofit 
 Personal 
 Retail 
 Specialty Pages 
 Technology 
 Wedding 
 Miscellaneous 


 Marketing 
 Popular Items 
 All Items 
 Email Templates 
 Landing Pages 
 Pagewiz 
 Unbounce Landing Pages 
 Google Web Designer Ads on CodeCanyon 


 CMS 
 Popular Items 
 All Items 
 Concrete5 
 Drupal 
 Joomla 
 MODX Themes 
 Moodle 
 Mura 
 Webflow 
 Weebly 
 Miscellaneous 


 eCommerce 
 Popular Items 
 All Items 
 WooCommerce 
 3dcart 
 BigCommerce 
 Cart66 
 CS-Cart 
 Drupal Commerce 
 Easy Digital Downloads 
 Ecwid 
 Jigoshop 
 Magento 
 OpenCart 
 osCommerce 
 PrestaShop 
 Shopify 
 Ubercart 
 VirtueMart 
 WP e-Commerce 
 Zen Cart 
 Miscellaneous 


 Muse 
 Popular Items 
 All Items 
 Corporate 
 Creative 
 eCommerce 
 Landing 
 Personal 
 Miscellaneous 
 Muse Widgets on CodeCanyon 


 UI Design 
 All Items 
 PSD Templates 
 Popular PSD Templates 
 Sketch Templates 
 Popular Sketch Templates 


 Plugins 
 More 
Blogging
Courses
Facebook Templates
Forums
Ghost Themes
Hosting
Jekyll
Tumblr
TypeEngine Themes



Search Home Legal Envato Market Terms  Legal  Envato Market Terms 
 Author Terms 
 Affiliate Program Terms 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Privacy Policy 
 Envato API Service Terms and Conditions 
 Envato Market Terms 
Welcome to Envato Market
How browsing and membership works
How buying items works
Becoming an author
Intellectual property
Our use of your information
Playing fair
Linking.
apps made by others
Legal housekeeping
Definitions
 Welcome to Envato Market 1.
Hi, we’re Envato and welcome! We’re happy to have you here and we hope you enjoy your stay.
When we say ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘Envato’ it’s because that’s who we are and we own and run the Envato Market sites.

2.
Envato’s ecosystem of digital marketplaces helps millions of people around the world get creative and earn online.
When you create an account and accept these terms you become a member of our community.
You will have an Envato Market account that will allow you to buy and sell items like the ones found on the Envato Market sites and make other related transactions.

3.
The Envato Market sites are platforms that allow members to buy and sell licenses to use digital items like website themes, production music, motion graphics project files, software code, vectors, images and much, much more.
On Envato Market, buyers and authors (sellers) transact with each other directly and we provide the platform to allow the transactions to happen.
If you have an Envato Market account, any transactions are logged on your member’s statement, which records the payments made by you to authors via Envato Market (as a buyer) and by buyers via Envato Market to you (as an author).

4.
The items on Envato Market are owned by the authors, not by us.
The items on Envato Market are uploaded at the direction of the author.
We provide the platform services.
we do not take ownership of the items.
5.
During your time with us you agree to follow the ground rules outlined in these terms so please read and understand them.
If you don’t accept the terms then we’ll be sad, but you will need to leave because your presence on and use of the Envato Market sites is conditional on your acceptance to be bound by these terms and the Acceptable Use Policy whether you become a member or not.
 Envato Websites
6.
You can also access Envato Websites via the Envato Market sites.
The products offered on Envato Websites (which include hosted theme and hosted starter site subscriptions) are offered by Envato Hosted and Envato Sites and are subject to separate terms and conditions, which you can access here: Envato Hosted Terms and Envato Sites Terms.
To avoid any doubt, the Envato Market terms do not apply to the products offered via Envato Websites.

7.
Preview Files: If you stream or download a preview file from our Envato Market sites, you agree that you will not remove any watermarking or other protective measures from the preview file.
You agree that you will use the preview file solely for the purposes of evaluating a purchase from Envato Market sites and not for any other purpose.
 How browsing and membership works 8.
Browsing: You need to be 16 years or over to browse the Envato Market sites.
We don’t knowingly collect any information from anyone aged 16 or under.
When browsing the sites you agree to follow our guidelines or instructions and keep in mind that these terms apply to any use of our Envato Market sites whether or not you’re a member.
 Membership 9.
Age: You need to be 18 years or over to become a member or to buy items.
If you’re under 18 you will need to get a parent or guardian to buy items or use the account of a parent or legal guardian who is at least 18 years of age, with their permission, and this adult will be responsible for all your activities.

10.
Envato Account: Membership is free.
When you become a member you get an Envato Market account that is accessible from any of our Envato Market sites (and is also your Envato account for other Envato services).
Your membership will allow you to ‘buy’ (license) items from authors, participate in our online forums, and generally contribute to our ecosystem of Envato Market sites that help people get creative.
Membership also gives you the opportunity to become an author (see section 32 – Becoming an Author) or earn referral income (see section 12 – Referrals).

11.
Your responsibility: You promise that information you give us is true, accurate and complete and, if you sign up for an Envato Market account, that you will keep your account information up-to-date (including a current email address).
Your membership is not transferable, that means you cannot sell your account.
You are responsible for any use of the Envato Market sites including any activity that occurs in conjunction with your username and password, if you have an Envato Market account, so keep your password secure and don’t let any other person use your username or password.
If you realise there’s any unauthorized use of your password or any breach of security you need to let us know immediately.
You must not use a virtual private network or VPN or any other means to avoid compliance with these terms and conditions, or for any fraudulent or illegal reasons. It is important that you understand your responsibilities as a member of our community so please take the time to review this section and the Envato Market Terms carefully.
12.
Referrals: As a part of our Affiliate Program, if you refer a new member to any of our Envato Market sites you may be eligible to receive affiliate income.
You can find out more about the Affiliate Program and the terms applying to referrals here.
 How buying items works This section will help you understand what you are buying when you purchase an item and how that transaction takes place on Envato Market.
13.
What you're buying:



License: When you buy an item, you acquire the right to use that item.
you're not actually acquiring the item itself.
What you get includes a license directly from the author to use that item.
Items are subject to specific terms of use, and these terms are the ‘license’ that we set on Envato Market.
This license also applies to you if you download an item that someone else has bought for you (because anyone downloading an item needs to be an Envato Market member).
Different license types are available for you to choose when you have selected an item.
You’ll need to think about the way you want to use the item so that you can pick the right license to allow that use.
It’s your responsibility to choose the correct license.


Item support: Authors can choose whether or not to support certain items.
If an author chooses to support an item, this will be identified on the item page.
 All supported items include a support period.
You can buy support extensions on these items.
Your right to access Item Support requires an Envato Market account.
To learn more about item support, like what items are covered, what authors provide, the support period and support extension options, see the item support policy.


Buyer Services: In addition to the use of the platform, when you ‘buy’ an item you also receive buyer services from Envato like 24/7 buyer support, fraud protection, item quality control and other related buyer services.
You can read more about the awesome buyer services buyers get from us over at Why Buy From Us information page.


14.
The total price for an item on Envato Market is made up of:



Item price: The item price is made up of a license fee (for the license you choose for the item), and if relevant the item support fee (for supported items).


Buyer fee: This is the fee for the buyer services you get from Envato.


Handling fee: In some transactions on Envato Market the total price may include a handling fee.
See section 19 for the details about the handling fee.


Taxes: Some transactions on Envato Market may be subject to tax that may be added to the price.
See section 24 for details about taxes on Envato Market.

 The list price is made up of the item price and buyer fee, and is the price you see on an item page.
Transacting as a buyer: 15.
If you have an Envato Market account, you can make payments in one of two ways: you can ‘Buy Now’ or you can buy Envato Credits via your Envato Market account.

16.
Envato Credits: When you place money into your Envato Market account it is converted by your financial institution from your currency to US Dollars.
We then convert those US Dollars to Envato credits.
One (1) Envato Credit is equal to one (1) US Dollar.

17.
Envato Credits can only be used to pay for Envato Market transactions.
We do not refund any monies placed into your Envato Market account to buy Envato Credits (but you may have rights under an applicable consumer law, which we don’t exclude).

18.
If you choose to buy using Envato Credits, the total price will be deducted from your Envato Credits.
If you haven’t used your Envato Credits within 12 months they may expire.
See section 25 for details about the expiry of Envato Credits.

19.
Instead of using Envato Credits, you can choose to Buy Now and you will be redirected to a payment method provider.
You may be required to pay a handling fee charged over the item price.

20.
Currency conversion costs: You are responsible for all costs of currency conversion relating to a transaction on Envato Market.
Your financial institution does the currency conversion and may charge you additional fees (we don’t control either the conversion rates or your financial institution’s fees).
 This means that you may incur additional costs when purchasing from Envato Market, which we have no control over.
21.
Terms of buying: When you buy an Envato Market item you’re doing so on the following terms:


 you warrant to us and the author that you have carefully considered the suitability of your chosen license, and that you have chosen appropriately.

 you cannot cancel a completed purchase of an item.

 we and the authors do not promise that any particular item will continue to be available on Envato Market so you should download and save the item as soon as you buy it.

 once you buy or download an item and the item has been paid for, you acquire a non-exclusive license to use the item under the terms set out in the license (non-exclusive means others might also license the same item).

 the author retains ownership of the item.

 your relevant details may be provided to the author of the item in order to facilitate the transaction, for example for invoicing and item support services.

 transaction limits may apply to Envato Credits (such as total or daily limits).
and 
 we have the right to enforce against you the terms of the license that you have acquired from an author.

 It is important that you understand the terms on which you are making a purchase.
Please take the time to review this section carefully.
See our Help Center article for information about account limits.
22.
Warranties we make:


 We warrant that the Envato Market sites will be suitable for the purposes described on the sites, and that we will provide our platform services with reasonable skill and care.

 We otherwise do not make any express or implied warranties about the Envato Market sites (or any items on the Envato Market sites).


23.
Warranties authors make: The author of an item you buy warrants to you that:


 the item is of acceptable quality and fit for the purpose for which it is 'sold'.

 the item matches the description given by the author on the item preview page, as well as any item preview.

 they will honour any express warranties given to you that are not contained in these terms.

 they have the rights necessary to license that item on the terms of applicable license.

 your use of that item in accordance with the terms of the applicable license does not infringe the intellectual property rights of someone else.

 the item and its description are not false, inaccurate, misleading, fraudulent, unlawful or defamatory.

 the item and its description do not violate any applicable law or regulation (including those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, criminal law, pornography, anti-discrimination, trade practices or fair trading).

 the item does not contain viruses or other computer codes, files or programs which are designed to limit or destroy the functionality of other computer software or hardware.

 if the item is marked as 'supported', they will provide you with the services as outlined in the item support policy.

 they will process your data in accordance with applicable privacy law and data protection regulations.

 This is what authors are promising you when you buy an item.
24.
Taxes:



Australian GST, European VAT and US Sales Tax.
 Prices and fees for supplies made to you (whether by Envato or authors) in connection with these terms exclude Australian GST, European VAT and US Sales Tax, unless stated otherwise on our site.
If a supply is made to you under or in connection with these terms on which Australian GST, European VAT or US Sales Tax is imposed, any applicable fee that is charged for that supply is increased by, and you must also pay, an amount equal to the GST, VAT or US Sales Tax payable (by Envato or the author) on that supply.
For more information on Australian GST and European VAT as they apply to buyers, see EU VAT Information for Buyers and AU GST Information for Buyers and US Sales Tax Information for Buyers.


Other taxes. Prices, fees and charges are otherwise inclusive of other applicable taxes unless stated otherwise on our site.
You are responsible for paying all such taxes and imposts associated with your use of Envato Market wherever levied.
Your responsibility includes withholding tax if it applies, unless we already process that withholding tax.
We may collect geographical location information to determine your location, which may be used for tax purposes (so location information you give us must be accurate for tax residency purposes).


25.
Envato Credits expire: Envato Credits expire if not used within 12 months from the date of purchase, and will be forfeited on the 12 month anniversary of the purchase date.
If you place money to your Envato Market account at any time during that 12 month period before your Envato Credits expire, the total balance of your Envato Credits (that is, both the new money placed in your account to purchase credits and the balance of any unused older Envato Credits) will become available for a further 12 months from the date of the new purchase of credits.
If you don’t use your Envato Credits within that further 12 months, the credits will be forfeited on the 12 month anniversary of the new purchase of credits.
We generally try to tell you beforehand when Envato Credits are going to expire and be forfeited, but this is not always possible and don’t promise to warn you.
Check your member’s statement regularly for details of expiry dates.
If you have different rights under an applicable consumer law, we don’t exclude them.
 If you haven’t used your Envato Credits within 12 months they may expire.
26.
Items with an incorrect price or incorrect information: Despite our reasonable efforts, items may occasionally be listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information.
If this happens, we may cancel or reverse a transaction, even after it is completed and a payment has been processed.
If we do this, we’ll promptly arrange for any payment to be credited or refunded and you must not use the item unless you re-purchase it at the correct price.
 Refunds 27.
Given the nature of digital content, a refund or credit on a purchase is not granted unless one of the warranties given by the author in section 23 has been breached, or a refund is required under the Envato Market Refund Rules or Australian consumer law or other relevant consumer protection laws.
If you would like to request a refund see this Help Centre article.

28.
We will assess refund or credit requests (if you have an Envato Market account) on their merits, considering the digital nature of Envato Market items and the type of item preview that was available before purchase.
There is generally no obligation to provide a refund or credit in situations like the following:


 you have changed your mind about an item.

 you bought an item by mistake.

 you do not have sufficient expertise to use the item.

 you ask for goodwill.
or 
 you can no longer access the item because it has been removed (we advise you to download items as soon as you buy them to avoid this situation).


29.
If the author or we decide to issue a refund or credit (if you have an Envato Market account), this will generally be done using the same manner used to make the purchase.
So if the item was purchased using Envato Credits, you will be given credit in Envato Credits.
if the item was purchased using a particular payment method you will be refunded using the same payment method in reverse.
Any payment made to you (not Envato Credits) will be made in US Dollars, under the rules of the payment method (see section 20 - Currency conversion costs about currency conversion back to your local currency).
 It is important that you understand how refunds work on Envato Market.
30.
Disputes lodged with payment agents: If, as a buyer via your Envato Market account, you lodge a dispute with a payment agent, this will result in a freezing of your Envato Market account until the dispute raised with the payment agent has been cancelled.
This makes it very complex to resolve any related issues, and means we cannot make payments or issue refunds out of your Envato Market account, so we encourage buyers to contact us directly first to see if we can help resolve any concerns.

31.
Fine print: We are not a bank or licensed deposit taker in Australia or elsewhere, your credits are not deposits under Australian law about banks, and that means you don’t get the benefit of any deposit insurance or guarantee under those laws.
We don’t act as a fiduciary or as a trustee for you, and we’re not a licensed financial service provider.
 Becoming an author 32.
If you want to get involved in our community as an author, you can sign up and find out more here.
Remember that if you become an author these terms will continue to apply, along with the Author Terms you’ll sign up to as an author. To find out more about how to become an author visit the ‘Author Help Center’ here.
Intellectual Property 33.
What we own: We own all the Envato content that we have put on Envato Market (unless otherwise stated and excluding content owned by others).
This includes the design, compilation, and look and feel of the Envato Market sites, and copyright, trademarks, designs and other intellectual property on Envato Market.
We own all the trademarks, logos, service marks and trade names on Envato Market (unless otherwise stated and excluding these things owned by others).
You will not copy, distribute, modify or make derivative works of any of our Envato Content or use any of our intellectual property in any way not expressly stated in these terms.

34.
What we don’t own: We do not own the items on Envato Market.
our authors do.
Items are uploaded at the direction of the author.
So we cannot take responsibility for the quality, safety or legality of the items.
We do not warrant that the items or any member content, code, data or materials available on or via the Envato Market do not infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party.
(Each author provides promises to you directly when you purchase their item – see section 23 - Warranties authors make.)

35.
Copyright, trademark and intellectual property claims: We respect the intellectual property rights of others and we require that authors do the same.
If you believe that an item or member content infringes an intellectual property right (including copyright) please see the information in our Intellectual Property Policy.
 Our Intellectual Property Policy is where you will find all the information relating to how we treat intellectual property on Envato Market including copyright and other rights.
36.
Model and property releases: Items are available for commercial use (unless stated otherwise by the Author on an item page).
Authors are responsible for obtaining and keeping a model or property release if one is needed.
please ask the author directly if you need a copy of a release.
 Our use of your information 37.
Privacy: We respect your privacy and process your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy Our Privacy Policy explains how we deal with your information.
38.
Confidential Information: We value your information and take reasonable precautions to protect it.
While using the Envato Market, you may also become aware of confidential information about us or another member.
You promise to not disclose any confidential information made available to you through the Envato Market to any other person.
 Playing fair 39.
Prohibited Conduct: We strongly recommend that you don’t make your contact details public on the Envato Market or in any public communications via the Envato Market sites.
Contact details include your email address, street address, Skype name and phone number (but not social network handles).
If you do, it must not be for any reason prohibited under the Acceptable Use Policy and you do so at your risk!

40.
Content removal: We can look at or remove any of your content for any reason at our discretion.
Reasons might include quality assurance, if we receive a valid copyright take-down notice or General IPR Notice, if we think that the content is unauthorised, misleading, incorrect, offensive, or in breach of anyone else’s rights, or if we think that your use of the Envato Market and any content might result in liability to us or anyone else.
See our Acceptable Use Policy for further details.

41.
Community participation: We take great pride in our global and thriving community—it’s part of what makes the Envato Market great.
We focus on transparency and mutual respect and invite you to participate, give feedback and have your say.
Before participating on Envato Market, please read the Community Guidelines, as you agree to follow them as part of these terms.
 Linking.
apps made by others 42.
Linking to the Envato Market: We’d be delighted if you decide to link to Envato Market from other sites but you have to link to a full version of a page and not link directly to an image or file hosted on Envato Market.
That includes no "in-line" linking methods resulting in images hosted on Envato Market being displayed on other sites.
You must not "frame" any Envato Market pages by surrounding those pages with someone else’s content, materials or branding.
We reserve the right to insist that any link to the Envato Market be discontinued, and to revoke your ability to link to the Envato Market.

43.
Links from the Envato Market: The Envato Market sites may contain links to other non-Envato sites.
We have no control or responsibility over anything on those sites, and do not endorse or sponsor those sites, even if they are affiliated to us.

44.
Third party developers: We welcome the contribution of our members and broader community, who offer applications that work with Envato Market.
You will need to form your own view about these applications and their developers.
we’re not able to warrant or endorse those applications and disclaim liability relating to these applications.
 Legal Housekeeping 45.
Eligibility, suspension or termination: Membership is not an automatic right, it is a benefit for community members who follow our terms and policies and treat other community members well.
We hope that you will be with us for a long time.
But we may, using reasonable discretion, decide whether or not your use of Envato Market complies with these terms and our policies.
We can suspend or terminate your Envato Market account at any time for any reason (acting reasonably of course), including if you: 

breach these terms or any terms applicable to any of your other Envato accounts;
breach any of our policies (or policies of any other Envato Company);
act in a way that does not align with the values of our community.
or
act in a way that could cause us or members harm.



If we do decide to permanently terminate your Envato Market account you must
not apply for a new account as unfortunately you will no longer be welcome in
our community.
This decision may also apply to all of your Envato accounts you use on other Envato sites.
46.
Envato Companies: If an indemnity, limitation or disclaimer of liability, warranty or release (a 'benefit') is given in our favour in these terms, the Author Terms or Affiliate Terms, we hold that benefit on trust for the other Envato Companies.
We may enforce that benefit as trustee for and on behalf of the other Envato Companies as beneficiaries under that trust.

47.
We may use the services of another Envato Company to conduct payment or other activities with you, like collecting payments and paying author earnings.
If you make a Buy Now payment, we receive your payment as a limited agent for the author and your obligation to pay the author is met when we (or another Envato Company) receive the payment successfully.
 Liability and indemnity - between us and you 48.
We provide the Envato Market sites and the platform services, not the items on the Envato Market sites.

49.
You indemnify us against all losses, costs (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis), expenses, demands or liability that we incur arising out of, or in connection with, a third party claim against us relating to your use of Envato Market and any content you post to Envato Market (including, if you are an author, your items).

50.
If you are a buyer, you agree that we are not responsible for, and you release us from liability arising out of or in connection with: 

the items on Envato Market;
information provided by authors about their items (including on any item page).
and
your use of items from Envato Market.



51.
Our liability to you in connection with Envato Market or these terms, in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, is limited as follows: 

we exclude liability for any of these things incurred by you: loss of revenue, loss of profit, loss of goodwill, loss of customers, loss of capital, damage to reputation, loss in connection with any other contract, loss of data, or indirect, consequential or special loss, damage or expense.
and;
our total liability to you is limited to the greater of USD100 and the total buyer fees paid by you in the 12 months before liability accrued.


 These sections mean that you protect us from costs and claims that happen because of your actions on the site, and that our liability to you is limited.
 We may, at our expense, assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter you indemnify us against, and if so you agree to cooperate with us.
 Liability and indemnity - between authors and buyers 52.
Each author grants to each buyer of the author’s items a limited indemnity on the following terms: 

if another person makes a claim against a buyer that the buyer's use of the item in accordance with the terms of the applicable license infringes the intellectual property or other rights of that third party.
and
if that buyer promptly notifies the author of the claim and gives the author the option to control the defense of the claim (at the author's cost), then the author will indemnify the buyer against damages finally awarded by a court against the buyer or any settlement damages agreed to by the author regarding that claim.



53.
The liability of each author to their buyers is otherwise limited, for each item purchased, to the author's earnings from the payment for that item, except to the extent that the author's liability arises from wilful misrepresentations made about the item.
 This means that the author's liability to buyers is limited.
54.
Availability: We strive to have Envato Market available to you 24 hours a day, seven days a week but you know how the internet works: occasionally you might not be able to access Envato Market, and this might happen for any reason, at any time, with or without notice, or at our absolute discretion.
We might also change aspects of how Envato Market works.
The Envato Companies will not be liable to you for any loss you suffer as a result of these things.

55.
Third Party: If you're agreeing to these terms on behalf of someone else (like your employer), then you're promising to us that you have full legal authority to bind that third party.

56.
Consumer laws: In some places there may be non-excludable warranties, guarantees or other rights ('non-excludable consumer guarantees').
We do not exclude, restrict or modify non-excludable consumer guarantees in these terms.
Except for non-excludable consumer guarantees, we and authors are bound only by the express warranties made in these terms.
Our and each author's liability for breach of a non-excludable consumer guarantee is limited, at our or the author's option, to replacing or paying the cost of replacing the relevant item or service, (unless the non-excludable consumer guarantee says otherwise).

57.
Blocking a member, disabling an account or refusing to process a payment. We may block you, terminate any of your Envato accounts or refuse to process a payment, including withholding your account balance indefinitely, if we reasonably believe there is a risk associated with you, your Envato account, or that payment, including if it breaches a law or regulation.
Examples of where we might do this include transactions where we suspect the payment is from or to a person or country sanctioned by an authority (like the United Nations, the United States government or the Australian government).
or where we reasonably believe there is a legal or regulatory risk or a risk of loss being suffered by us or our members.
You warrant that you are not located in a sanctioned country and are not on a sanctioned persons list.
You also warrant that you will not purchase items on Envato Market using funds sourced from a sanctioned country.
We may also block members from a country if we can’t make payments to or from that country.
You should check what payment methods are available in your country for making payments as a buyer or for withdrawing earnings as an author.
We may take any of the actions stated in this section without notice and against all of your Envato accounts you use on other Envato sites.
If required by law we may forfeit existing deposits or earnings.
 As our sites are global, there are different laws that may apply and these may restrict our relationship with you.
See this Help Center article for some details.
58.
US-specific controls. Envato Market is not available to anyone located in any U.S.
sanctioned countries or to anyone on the U.S Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals List (SDN list).
You must not export or re-export Envato Market items to a U.S.
sanctioned country or to anyone on the SDN list.

59.
Relationship between the parties: Nothing in these terms is to be construed as constituting a partnership, joint venture, employment or agency relationship between you and us, or between you and any other member.
Neither you nor us can bind each other in any way.
We are, however, an agent of the authors only for the limited purposes of collecting Buy Now payments (see section 47), the authors' providing warranties to buyers in section 23 - Warranties authors make, to limit authors' liability to buyers in section 53, and the disclaimer of authors' liability to buyers in section 56 - Consumer laws.

60.
Notices: Any notice you send us must be submitted via a help request.
Any notice we send to you will be emailed to your Envato Market account email address.

61.
Changes to Envato Market Terms: We may change these terms at any time and, if we make changes, we will take reasonable steps to let our community know about the changes.
You can also keep track of whether changes have been made to our terms by referring to the version and effective date at the footer of the terms.
You can close your Market Account and terminate your agreement with us at any time if you do not agree to the changes.
However, if you continue to use Envato Market sites after the changes are made, then you will be agreeing to the changes.

62.
Interpretation: Words like 'include' and 'including' are not words of limitation and where anything is within our discretion we mean our sole discretion.

63.
Applicable Laws: We control and operate Envato Market from our offices in Australia.
The laws of Victoria, Australia govern these terms, and you submit to the jurisdiction of the courts there for the resolution of any dispute between us.
 Definitions 
Author:

a member who makes items available for sale on Envato Market.

Buy:

includes downloading an item that is made available for free on Envato Market or that is purchased for you by another member.

Buy Now:

a way of purchasing an item using a payment provider and not using Envato Credits

Buyer:

a person who ‘buys’ items on Envato Market.

Buyer fee:

the fee for the services buyers get from Envato like 24/7 support, fraud protection, item quality control and other related buyers’ services.


Envato:

Envato Pty Ltd (ABN 11 119 159 741).

Envato Companies:

Envato and any company that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with Envato.

Envato content:

is all the content that we have put on Envato Market and includes the design, compilation, and look and feel of the Envato Market, and copyright, trademarks, designs and other intellectual property on the Envato Market (unless otherwise stated and excluding content owned by others like author content).

Envato Market:

When we refer to the ‘Envato Market’ we’re talking about the Envato digital marketplaces, which include these sites: Site Name: Accessible at: AudioJungle www.audiojungle.net CodeCanyon www.codecanyon.net GraphicRiver www.graphicriver.net ThemeForest www.themeforest.net VideoHive www.videohive.net 3DOcean www.3docean.net PhotoDune www.photodune.net 
Envato Market account:

what you receive when you become a Member which gives you access to any of the Envato Market sites.

EU Member State:

the countries listed here: https://europa.eu/about-eu/countries/index_en.htm

Handling fee:

the fee buyers may pay when using a payment method other than Envato credits.

Item price:

the price buyers pay for the license to use an item, as detailed in section 13(a).

Item support:

the support an author agrees to provide Envato Market account holders for an item marked as ‘supported’ as detailed on the item support page.

Items:

digital goods found on Envato Market like WordPress themes, background music, After Effects project files, photography and much, much more.

List price:

the price you see on an item page on Envato Market, which is made up of the item price and buyer fee.

Member:

a person who signs up by creating an account and accepting these terms.

Member’s statement:

the record of payments by you to Envato (as a buyer) and by Envato to you (as an author).

Payment method:

any payment agent or method we make available on the Envato Market.

Total price:

the price the buyer will pay in total, which consists of the item price, Envato's buyer fee and handling fee (if applicable) and any taxes that may be added, as detailed in section 14.

Your content:

everything that you post on the Envato Market, or send via the Envato Market to other members and to us including items, files, communications and materials.


 Version 7.1 - Effective date: July 23, 2018.



 Deliver better projects faster.
Web, design &amp.
video assets 

Unlimited downloads, from $16.50/month



 Learn almost anything with Envato Tuts+ for free 

25,000+ tutorials and 1,000+ courses



 Designers matched perfectly to you on Envato Studio 

2000 artists ready to undertake your work




 Quick Links Explore popular categories 
Web Themes &amp.
Templates
 Portfolio WordPress Themes 
 Business WordPress Themes 
 Wedding Website Templates 
 Portfolio Website Templates 
 Responsive Website Templates 


Video
 After Effects Templates 
 Apple Motion Templates 
 Video Effects 
 Lower Thirds 
 Stock Footage 


Audio
 Royalty Free Music 
 Sound Effects 
 Best Selling Royalty Free Music 
 Logic Pro Files 
 Background Music 


Code
 WordPress Plugins 
 PHP Script 
 JavaScript 
 CSS Templates 
 PrestaShop Plugins 


Graphics
 Logo Templates 
 Business Card Templates 
 Lightroom Presets 
 Serif Fonts 
 Sans-serif Fonts 


Photos
 Food Stock Photos 
 Animal Stock Photos 
 Tech Stock Photos 
 Fitness Stock Photos 
 Nature Stock Photos 


Design Maker
 Logo Maker 
 Business Card Maker 
 T-Shirt Maker 
 T-Shirt Mockups 
 iPhone Mockups 


3D Files
 3D Renders 
 3D Car Models 
 3D Shaders 
 CG Textures 
 OBJ Files 


Elements
 WordPress Themes 
 Stock Images 
 Website Templates 
 Logos 
 Fonts 


Tuts+
 Photoshop Tutorials 
 JavaScript Tutorials 
 WordPress Tutorials 
 Free Online Tutorials 
 Free Coding Tutorials 




 Envato Market 
 Terms 
 Licenses 
 Market API 
 Become an affiliate 




 Help 
 Themes and Templates 
 Websites 
 Authors 
 Help Center 




 Join our community 
 Community 
 Blog 
 Forums 
 Meetups 




 48,949,552 items sold 
 $642,991,057 community earnings 


 About Envato 
 Careers 
 Privacy Policy 
 Sitemap 

 © 2018 Envato Pty Ltd.
Trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.














 by 
 by 
 by 
 by 
 by 
 by &lt;iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-585RXMV" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt.
&lt;img height="1" width="1" style="display:none;" alt="" src="https://ct.pinterest.com/v3/?tid=2620155767891&amp;amp;noscript=1"&gt.
  Toggle navigation Toggle quicklinks 
Home
Forums
Careers
Blog 
 Head straight to one of our services 












 Not sure what you need? Use our product selector tool 
Careers 
Community 
Blog 
 Envato cookies, web beacons and similar technologies Hi, we’re Envato.
You’re probably here because you’re interested to know more about how we use cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies.
As a part of our commitment to upholding a high standard of transparency in our Privacy Policy, we’ve created this guide to explain the tracking technologies we use on our sites.
Just to be clear, our sites include all those that are owned and operated within the Envato Group like envato.com, studio.envato.com, sites.envato.com, elements.envato.com, themeforest.net, codecanyon.net, tutsplus.com and other sites we operate.
What are cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies?
Typically, there are two types of tracking technologies we might use on our sites:

Cookies: these aren’t the type you eat they’re actually a small data file sent from a server to your web browser or mobile device that is stored on your browser cache or mobile device.
There are ways you can control your cookies preferences and set whether you want to accept or reject cookies (see what your options are below).
Clear gifs, web beacons, web bugs: These are tiny graphics with a unique identifier similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the movements of web users between pages and websites.
Unlike cookies, which are cached on a user’s computer, clear gifs, web beacons and web bugs are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about the size of a single pixel.

What do we do with these technologies?
We use these tracking technologies for a few general purposes like:

To allow our sites to function correctly.
To understand how our sites are functioning and to inform any improvements in performance and our services.
To enhance your experience on our sites and provide functionality that means for example you don’t have to re-enter your details each time you engage with our sites or to record what purchases you’ve made on our sites.
To gather relevant data that helps us deliver marketing and advertising content relevant to your interests.

We might sometimes partner with third-party services who may use various tracking technologies to provide certain services or features on our sites, including targeted online marketing or relevant on-site messaging.
These third-party services use cookies to anonymously collect data and allow them to recognize your computer or mobile device each time you visit any of our sites.
No personally identifiable information is collected by these cookies.
The anonymous data they collect is kept separate from the personal information about you as a user that we collect.
Your options when it comes cookies, web beacons and similar technologies
You can change your web browser’s settings to reflect your cookie preferences.
Use these links to find out more information about cookie settings for these common browsers:

Internet Explorer
Firefox
Chrome
Safari

Also, you can opt out of third party advertising cookies at any time by visiting this page
Just keep in mind that if you disable cookies, web beacons and similar technologies there might be some functionality that will not work or not operate correctly on our sites.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please contact our privacy champion in writing at PO Box 16122 Collins Street West Victoria 8007 Australia or privacy.champion@envato.com.
Learn more about Envato

 Quick Links Explore popular categories 
Web Themes &amp.
Templates
WP Themes 
HTML Templates 
Shopify Themes 
Bootstrap Themes 
Free WordPress Themes 


Video
After Effects Templates 
Apple Motion Templates 
Video Effects 
Lower Thirds 
Stock Footage 


Audio
Royalty Free Music 
Sound Effects 
Best Selling Royalty Free Music 
Logic Pro Files 
Background Music 


Code
WordPress Plugins 
PHP Script 
JavaScript 
CSS Templates 
PrestaShop Plugins 


Graphics
Logo Templates 
Business Card Templates 
Lightroom Presets 
Serif Fonts 
Sans-serif Fonts 


Photos
Food Stock Photos 
Animal Stock Photos 
Tech Stock Photos 
Fitness Stock Photos 
Nature Stock Photos 


Design Maker
Logo Maker 
Business Card Maker 
T-Shirt Maker 
T-Shirt Mockups 
iPhone Mockups 


3D Files
3D Renders 
3D Car Models 
3D Shaders 
CG Textures 
OBJ Files 


Elements
WordPress Themes 
Stock Images 
Website Templates 
Logos 
Fonts 


Tuts+
Photoshop Tutorials 
JavaScript Tutorials 
WordPress Tutorials 
Free Online Tutorials 
Free Coding Tutorials 
 Envato 
Sellers
Affiliates
Blog
Privacy
Cookies
Careers
Press
Contact Us
Sitemap


Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest
Instagram 

 © 2018 Envato Pty Ltd.
Trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.   Privacy Policy 
Welcome to Envato’s Privacy Policy


Hi there, we’re Envato Pty Ltd (ABN 11 119 159 741) of Level 1, 121 King Street Melbourne, 3000, Australia (“Envato”) and welcome to our privacy policy.
This policy sets out how we handle your personal information if you’re an Envato user or visitor to our Sites.
It applies across Envato Elements, Envato Market, Envato Studio, Envato Sites, Envato Hosted and Envato Tuts+ (the “Sites”).
When we say ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘Envato’ it’s because that’s who we are and we own and run the Sites.
If we say ‘policy’ we’re talking about this privacy policy.
If we say ‘user terms’ we’re talking about the rules for using each of the Sites.
The rules vary by product and each product makes them separately available and seeks consent to them separately to this policy.


The type of personal information we collect


We collect certain personal information about visitors and users of our Sites.
The most common types of information we collect include things like: user-names, member names, email addresses, IP addresses, other contact details, survey responses, blogs, photos, payment information such as payment agent details, transactional details, tax information, support queries, forum comments, content you direct us to make available on our Sites (such as item descriptions) and web analytics data. We will also collect personal information from job applications (such as, your CV, the application form itself, cover letter and interview notes).


How we collect personal information


We collect personal information directly when you provide it to us, automatically as you navigate through the Sites, or through other people when you use services associated with the Sites.
We collect your personal information when you provide it to us when you complete membership registration and buy or provide items or services on our Sites, subscribe to a newsletter, email list, submit feedback, enter a contest, fill out a survey, or send us a communication.


Personal information we collect about you from others


Although we generally collect personal information directly from you, on occasion, we also collect certain categories of personal information about you from other sources.
In particular:

financial and/or transaction details from payment providers located in the US, UK, and Australia in order to process a transaction;
third party service providers (like Google, Facebook) who are located in the US or UK, which may provide information about you when you link, connect, or login to your account with the third party provider and they send us information such as your registration and profile from that service, this only occurs if you are using Envato Studio.
The information varies and is controlled by that service provider or as authorized by you via your privacy settings at that service provider.
and
other third party sources/ and or partners from Australia, US or UK,  whereby we receive additional information about you (to the extent permitted by applicable law), such as demographic data or fraud detection information, and combine it with information we have about you.
For example, fraud warnings from service providers like identity verification service.
We also receive information about you and your activities on and off the Envato platform through partnerships, or about your experiences and interactions from our partner ad networks. We also receive information about you as a rights holder from our third party authors.
For example, information in the form of a model release when your image is used in an item made available on our Sites.




How we use personal information


We will use your personal information:

To fulfil a contract, or take steps linked to a contract: in particular, in facilitating and processing transactions that take place on the Sites, like where you purchase an item from our marketplace.
Where this is necessary for purposes which are in our, or third parties, legitimate interests.
These interests include:

operating the Sites;
providing you with services described on the Sites;
verifying your identity when you sign in to any of our Sites;
responding to support tickets, and helping facilitate the resolution of any disputes;
updating you with operational news and information about our Sites and services e.g.
to notify you about changes to our Sites, website disruptions or security updates;
carrying out technical analysis to determine how to improve the Sites and services we provide;
monitoring activity on the Sites, e.g.
to identify potential fraudulent activity and to ensure compliance with the user terms that apply to the Sites;
managing our relationship with you, e.g.
by responding to your comments or queries submitted to us on the Sites or asking for your feedback or whether you want to participate in a survey;
managing our legal and operational affairs (including, managing risks relating to content and fraud matters);
training Envato staff about how to best serve our user community;
improving our products and services.
providing general administrative and performance functions and activities.
and
processing your job application to Envato.


Where you give us consent:

providing you with marketing information about products and services which we feel may interest you.
and
customising our services and websites, like advertising that appear on the Site – where this involves the use of cookies or similar technologies – in order to provide a more personalised experience.


For purposes which are required by law.
For the purpose of responding to requests by government, a court of law, or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.




When we disclose your personal information


We will disclose personal information to the following recipients:

companies that are in the Envato group which are located in Australia, Mexico and the US;
authors of any items or services made available to you, so they can facilitate support and license validation, who maybe located in any of the countries our products are available in;
subcontractors and service providers who assist us in connection with the ways we use personal information (as set out above), in particular: website hosting providers which are located in Australia, US and UK.
technical and customer support services which are located in Australia, Canada, Philippines, Poland, Mexico, Romania, UK and the US.
recruitment agencies which are located in Australia, US and Mexico.
marketing and analytics services which are located in the US.
security and fraud prevention services which are located in the US.
subscription management services which are located in the US.
payment processing services which are located in the US, UK and Australia.
identification verification services located in the UK.
and operational tooling services which are located in the US.
Noting that our subcontractors and services providers may also transfer and access such information from  other countries in which they have operations.
our professional advisers (lawyers, accountants, financial advisers etc.) which are located in Australia, UK, USA;
regulators and government authorities in connection with our compliance procedures and obligations;
a purchaser or prospective purchaser of all or part of our assets or our business, and their professional advisers, in connection with the purchase;
a third party to respond to requests relating to a criminal investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity;
a third party, in order to enforce or defend our rights, or to address financial or reputational risks;
a rights holder in relation to an allegation of intellectual property  infringement or any other infringement.
and
other recipients where we are authorised or required by law to do so.




Where we transfer and/or store your personal information


We are based in Australia so your data will be processed in Australia and the US.
Some of the recipients we have described in section 10 above, and to whom we disclose your personal information, are based outside Australia in places like Canada, Ireland, Philippines, Poland, Romania, UK, and the US.
We do this on the basis of your consent to this policy.In order to protect your information, we take care where possible to work with subcontractors and service providers who we believe maintain an acceptable standard of data security compliance.


How we keep your personal information secure


We store personal information on secure servers that are managed by us and our service providers, and occasionally hard copy files that are kept in a secure location in Australia, Ireland and the US.
Personal information that we store or transmit is protected by security and access controls, including username and password authentication, two-factor authentication, and data encryption where appropriate.


How you can access your personal information


You can access some of the personal information that we collect about you by logging in to your account.
You also have the right to make a request to access other personal information we hold about you and to request corrections of any errors in that data.
You can also close the account you have with us for any of our Sites at any time. To make an access or correction request, contact our privacy champion using the contact details at the end of this policy.


Marketing Choices regarding your personal information


Where we have your consent to do so (e.g.
if you have subscribed to one of our e-mail lists or have indicated that you are interested in receiving offers or information from us), we send you marketing communications by email about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you.
You can ‘opt-out’ of such communications if you would prefer not to receive them in the future by using the “unsubscribe” facility provided in the communication itself.
You also have choices about cookies, as described below.
By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies.
If you choose to reject cookies some parts of our Sites may not work properly in your case.


Cookies (not the type you eat!) and web analytics


For more information about how we use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies see our cookie policy here and for more general information on cookies, see http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
When you visit our Sites, there’s certain information that’s recorded which is generally anonymous information and does not reveal your identity.
If you’re logged into your account some of this information could be associated with your account.
We’re talking about the following kinds of details:

your IP address or proxy server IP address’;
the domain name you requested;
the name of your internet service provider is sometimes captured depending on the configuration of your ISP connection;
the date and time of your visit to the website;
the length of your session;
the pages which you have accessed;
the number of times you access our site within any month;
the file URL you look at and information relating to it;
the website which referred you to our Sites.
and
the operating system which your computer uses.


Occasionally, we will use third party advertising companies to serve ads based on prior visits to our Sites.
 For example, if you visit our Sites, you may later see an add for our products and services when you visit a different Site. Read more about your options in our cookie policy.


Information about children


Our Sites are not suitable for children under the age of 16 years, so if you are under 16 we ask that you do not use our Sites or give us your personal information (if you are a young tech wiz, please direct your nearest responsible adult to use the Sites for you!).
If you are from 16 to 18 years, you can browse the Sites but you’ll need the supervision of a parent or guardian to become a registered user.
It’s the responsibility of parents or guardians to monitor their children’s use of our Sites.


Information you make public or give to others


If you make your personal information available to other people, we can’t control or accept responsibility for the way they will use or manage that data.
There are lots of ways that you can find yourself providing information to other people, like when you post a public message on a forum thread, share information via social media, or make contact with another user (such as a third party Author) whether via our Sites or directly via email.
Before making your information publicly available or giving your information to anyone else, think carefully.
If giving information to another user via our Sites, ask them how they will handle your information.
If you’re sharing information via another website, check the privacy policy for that site to understand its information management practices as this privacy policy will not apply.


How long we keep your personal information


We retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to provide the services to you and others, and to comply with our legal obligations.
If you no longer want us to use your personal information or to provide you with the Envato services, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your Envato account.
Please note that if you request the erasure of your personal information we will retain information from deleted accounts as necessary for our legitimate business interests, to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce the terms of service and take other actions permitted by law.
The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.


When we need to update this policy


We will need to change this policy from time to time in order to make sure it stays up to date with the latest legal requirements and any changes to our privacy management practices.
When we do change the policy, we’ll make sure to notify you about such changes, where required.
A copy of the latest version of this policy will always be available on this page.


How you can contact us


If you have any questions about our privacy practices or the way in which we have been managing your personal information, please contact our privacy champion in writing at PO Box 16122 Collins Street West Victoria 8007 Australia or privacy.champion@envato.com.
We’re really glad you made it to the end of the privacy policy, because knowing this stuff is the best way to understand how your personal information is used and how to best manage it!


If you’re a user or visitor in the European Economic Area these rights also apply to you:


For the purposes of applicable EU data protection law (including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”), we are a ‘data controller’ of your personal information.


How you can access your personal information


You are also entitled to ask us to port your personal information (i.e.
to transfer in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to you), to erase it, or restrict its processing.
You also have rights to object to some processing that is based on our legitimate interests, such as profiling that we perform for the purposes of direct marketing, and, where we have asked for your consent to process your data, to withdraw this consent as more fully described below.
These rights are limited in some situations – for example, we can demonstrate that we have a legal requirement to process your personal information.
In some instances, this means that we may retain some data even if you withdraw your consent.
Where we require your personal information to comply with legal or contractual obligations, then provision of such data is mandatory: if such data is not provided, then we will not be able to manage our contractual relationship with you, or to meet obligations placed on us.
In all other cases, provision of requested personal information is optional.
If you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities.
The relevant data protection authority will be the data protection authority of the country: (i) of your habitual residence.
(ii) of your place of work.
or (iii) in which you consider the alleged infringement has occurred.


Both personal information and personal data have the same meaning in the context of this Privacy Policy.


Envato Privacy Policy v3, effective date 25 May 2018
 
