 Our House Rules / All categories 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 
 Buyers 
 Sellers 
 Third parties 
 Cookies &amp.
Similar Technologies Policy We think it's important for you to understand how cookies and other similar technologies are used by Etsy and our partners.
These technologies help Etsy function, allow us to understand how you use the Services, and have a number of purposes (beyond just advertising) that you can read about in this policy.
In this policy, we'll refer to Etsy.com as the "Site" and Etsy's mobile applications as the "Apps." We'll refer to the Site, the Apps, Pattern by Etsy, Etsy Payments, and our other services collectively as the "Services." Etsy, Inc.
and Etsy Ireland UC are referred to as "Etsy" throughout this policy.
We’ll refer to cookies and similar technologies collectively as “Cookie Technologies.”

Types of Cookie Technologies 
Purposes 
Services in the Apps (SDKs) 
Consent, Contract, and Legitimate Interests in Processing
Managing Your Cookie Technology Preferences 
Contact Us
1.
Types of Cookie Technologies
Cookies
Cookies are small data files sent from a server to your web browser.
They are stored in your browser’s cache and allow a website or a third party to recognize your browser.
There are three primary types of cookies:



Session cookies are specific to a particular visit and carry information as you view different pages so you don’t have to re-enter information every time you change pages or attempt to checkout.
Session cookies expire and delete themselves automatically in a short period of time like after you leave the Site or when you close your web browser.



Persistent cookies remember certain information about your preferences for viewing the site, and allow Etsy to recognize you each time you return.
Persistent cookies are stored on your browser cache or mobile device until you choose to delete them, and otherwise typically delete themselves at expiration.


Third-party cookies are placed by someone other than Etsy, and may gather browsing activity across multiple websites and across multiple sessions.
They are usually a type of persistent cookie and are stored until you delete them or they expire based on the time period set in each third-party cookie.


Cookies store data about your use, but they are helpful because they allow us to help Etsy function and customize your experience.
You can configure your desktop or mobile browser's settings to reflect your preference to accept or reject cookies, including how to handle third-party cookies (see Managing Your Cookie Technology Preferences below).

A description of Etsy’s principal first party cookies can be found in our Cookies &amp.
Similar Technologies Disclosures.

Other Technologies
In addition to cookies, there are other similar technologies used by Etsy and elsewhere on the web or in mobile ecosystems.




Web beacons: These are tiny graphics (sometimes called “clear GIFs” or “web pixels”) with a unique identifier that are used to understand browsing activity.
In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, web beacons are rendered invisibly on web pages when you open a page.



Social widgets: These are buttons or icons provided by third-party social media providers that allow you to interact with those social media services when you view a web page or a mobile app screen.
These social widgets may collect browsing data, which may be received by the third party that provided the widget, and are controlled by the third parties.




UTM codes: These are strings that can appear in a URL (the “Uniform Resource Locator,” which is typically the http or https address entered to go to a web page) when a user moves from one web page or website to another, where the string can represent information about browsing, such as which advertisement, page, or publisher sent the user to the receiving website.




Application SDKs: These are mobile application third-party software development kits that are embedded in the Apps (and are used in many mobile applications).
These app SDKs permit the collection of information about the app itself, activity in the app, and the device the application is running on.



Local Storage Objects: Sometimes called flash cookies, these are sets of data that can be stored on your browser by a site or app.
They can be used to maintain preferences, a history of usage, or even the state or settings of a site or an app.


Internet of Things identifiers: Like mobile identifiers, internet-connected devices such as voice activated assistants or smart TVs may send identifiers and other data analogous to web browsers or mobile SDKs.
2.
Purposes
Etsy uses Cookie Technologies to recognize your logged-in state on Etsy, to understand what purchases members and visitors are interested in, to make Etsy’s Sites function for you, and to help your browsing experience and use of the Site, Services, and Apps feel more customized.
More generally, Etsy uses Cookie Technologies for the following.
Security and Authentication (Strictly Necessary)
Some cookie and similar technology functions are necessary and vital to ensuring that Etsy works properly for visitors and members, such as maintaining the security, safety, and integrity of the Site, authentication and logging into Etsy (including remembering permissions and consents you have granted), and ensuring the ability to securely complete transactions.
Account and User Preferences
Some technologies are used to remember your account and preferences over time, such as keeping yourself logged in when returning to Etsy, maintaining your choices on Etsy features and how you want Etsy to appear (including keeping track of your preferred language and country), and customizing content based on how you use Etsy.
Social Networks
Some technologies help you to interact with social networks you are signed into while using the Services, such as sharing content with the social network, logging in with the social network, and other features you employ with the social network, or that are allowed in the social network’s privacy policy.
These may be set and controlled by the social networks, and your preferences with those social networks.

Social networks may also work with Etsy or with you for analytics or for marketing purposes, as discussed below.
You may be able to manage your privacy preferences for these social networks and their tools and widgets via your account with the social network.
You can find more information on specific social media tools and widgets in our Cookies &amp.
Similar Technologies Disclosures.

Performance and Analytics
Some technologies help provide performance data on how the Services are functioning in order to improve Etsy and the Services, including, for example, data on site and app functionality and speed to help us optimize Etsy, how the Services are used to help us improve your experience on Etsy, and detecting and gathering reporting on bugs to help make Etsy work better.
The Site employs Google Analytics to help understand how Etsy is used by its community.
For some of the advertising features listed below, like retargeting, data from Google Analytics may be combined with Etsy’s first-party data and third-party cookies (like Google’s advertising cookies) as permitted by Google’s and Etsy’s respective policies.
To see how to opt-out of Google Analytics Advertising Features, see Managing your Cookie Technology Preferences at the bottom of this policy.
The Site also employs Facebook App Events SDKs for analytics in the Apps in a similar fashion, subject to your Opt-Out.
You can find more information on how Google Analytics works in this Google guide and on Facebook App Events here.
Marketing Services
Etsy partners with third-party service providers that may use various Cookie Technologies to permit us and them to learn about which ads you see and click when you visit Etsy, the Apps, and affiliated sites or to show you ads on and off Etsy.
These may include things such as:



Frequency capping, which limits the number of times a user’s browser or mobile device displays the same ad;



Attribution tracking, which estimates which advertising or marketing source brought someone to Etsy, or determines which marketing source led to actions like a visit or a purchase;



Remarketing and retargeting, which shows relevant ads to an audience based on prior shopping and browsing patterns on Etsy;



Audience targeting, which refers to targeting advertisements to a large audience based on the audience’s known or inferred demographics.
and


Cross-device recognition, which recognizes actions across multiple devices or browsers.

Some third-party service providers may provide information like demographics, cross-device information, or interest categories from a combination of sources that, while not identifying you personally, permit us to provide you with more relevant and useful advertising.
In some cases, this information may have non-marketing performance analytics uses as well.
These technologies allow a partner to recognize your computer, mobile device or network device (like an IoT device such as a voice-activated assistant or smart TV), each time you visit Etsy or other websites and mobile applications based on data like a cookie, your IP address, or device ID, but do not allow access to other personal information from Etsy.
However, these technologies may allow us or a third party to recognize you, either from a single device or across devices, over time.
These third parties are required to follow applicable laws, self-regulatory programs, and Etsy’s data protection rules where applicable.
Etsy does not have control over these third parties, who each have their own privacy policies and privacy practices.
Etsy adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.

For audience targeting, Etsy may share hashed identifiers that represent an email address or name with partners Google and/or Facebook so they can provide Etsy with audiences interested in specific types of products and services.
Google and/or Facebook will only provide this information, and can only identify you, based on their separate policies and agreements with their users.
More information is provided in Etsy’s Cookies and Similar Technologies Disclosures.
You can find a description of third-party Cookie Technologies used by Etsy, along with their respective privacy policies and options for controlling your privacy on these platforms, in our Cookies &amp.
Similar Technologies Disclosures.

3.
Services in the Apps (SDKs)
The Apps may include third-party application software development kits (“SDKs”) that provide mobile performance and analytics data, bug reporting features, and application program interfaces ("APIs") to third parties that help provide the Services, for social media functionality, and for marketing and advertising.
You can find a description of principal third-party SDKs used by Etsy, along with their respective privacy policies and options for controlling your privacy on these platforms, in our Cookies &amp.
Similar Technologies Disclosures.

4.
Consent, Contract, and Legitimate Interests in Processing
Certain Cookie Technologies are employed to make the Site function for its intended purpose, and are provided based on contractual necessity based on your agreement with Etsy to perform the services you have requested.
These include the functions strictly necessary to the service noted above.

By choosing to use our Services after having been notified of our use of Cookie Technologies in the ways described in this Policy, and, in applicable jurisdictions, through notice and unambiguous acknowledgement of your consent, you agree to such use.
More information is laid out in our Privacy Policy.
5.
Managing Your Cookie Technology Preferences
You have the ability to control the use of certain Cookie Technologies.
You can manage your Etsy marketing preferences in your account settings.
As noted previously, information on third party privacy policies and opt-out process can be found in our Cookies &amp.
Similar Technologies Disclosures.
Opt-in and Opt-out for Browsers
In addition, when you use Etsy via a browser, you can change your web browser's settings to reflect your cookie preferences.
Each browser is a little different, but usually these settings are under the "options" or "preferences" menu.
The links below provide information about cookie settings for the browsers supported by Etsy:

Microsoft Edge
Internet Explorer
Firefox
Chrome
Safari
Opt-out of Third-Party Networks
If you do not wish to have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based advertisements, you may decline to receive interest based ads through TrustE/TrustArc’s preferences manager (or if you are located in the European Union click here).
Please note this does not stop you from being served advertisements.
You will continue to receive generic advertisements.
If you reject or block all cookies in your browser settings, you will not be able to take advantage of Etsy's Services as some cookies are necessary for the Site to function properly.
You can learn more about managing your preferences for ads online, particularly for many third-party advertising networks, through resources made available by the Digital Advertising Alliance at https://www.aboutads.info or the Network Advertising Initiative at https://optout.networkadvertising.org.

Google Analytics Opt-out
For Google Analytics Advertising Features, you can opt-out through Google Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any other available means (for example, the NAI's consumer opt-out listed above).
Google also provides a Google Analytics opt-out plug-in for the web.
Third-Party Tools
Various third parties provide browser plug-ins and apps that can help provide you information on and limit or block third-party cookies, web beacons, and some Javascript-based technologies.
Etsy cannot vouch for the efficacy of a particular third-party product, but popular products that provide these privacy enhancements include Ghostery and AdBlock Plus.
Both Google and Facebook provide tools to control use of advertising on their respective platforms, including advertising on and with Etsy.
More information can be found in your account settings on the respective platforms, including in Google’s Privacy Center and in Facebook’s Ad Settings.
Mobile and Third Party Device Opt-out
If you access Etsy through the Apps, you may also control interest-based advertising on an iOS or Android device by selecting the “Limit Ad Tracking” option in the privacy section of the Settings App on iOS or via advertising preferences on Android-based devices (usually in the Google Settings app).
This will not prevent you from seeing advertisements but will limit the use of device advertising identifiers to personalize ads based on your interests.
For third party IoT devices such as voice activated assistants or smart TVs, consult with the manufacturer and/or service provider for the opt out mechanism for their respective devices and services.

6.
Contact Us
If you have questions about the use of Cookie Technologies at Etsy, please see the “Contact” section of Etsy’s Privacy Policy.
Last updated on Jun 25, 2019   Our House Rules / Privacy Policy 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 
 Buyers 
 Sellers 
 Third parties 
 Privacy Policy At Etsy, we care deeply about privacy.
We believe in transparency, and we’re committed to being upfront about our privacy practices, including how we treat your personal information.
We know you care about your privacy too, so we provide settings that allow you to choose how certain information is used by Etsy.
This policy explains our privacy practices for Etsy.com (which we’ll refer to as the "Site"), Etsy’s mobile applications (the "Apps"), Pattern by Etsy, Etsy Payments, Etsy’s public Application Program Interface (the “API”), and our other services provided by Etsy, Inc.
or Etsy Ireland UC, depending on your location ("Etsy," together with "we," "us," and "our").
We'll refer to the Site, the Apps, Pattern by Etsy, Etsy Payments, the API, and our other services as the "Services." If you are located outside of North America and South America, Etsy Ireland UC is the data controller and is responsible for your personal information.
This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties (including other members who sell using the Services or API users) who may also collect or receive data in connection with your use of the Services.

Accepting the Privacy Policy 
Information Collected or Received 
Choice &amp.
Control 
Findability 
Messages from Etsy 
Community 
Information Uses, Sharing, &amp.
Disclosure 
Transfers 
Security 
Retention 
Your Rights 
Your Responsibilities 
Withdrawing Consent 
Privacy Policy Changes 
Contact 

1.
Our Privacy Policy
We need to process your personal information to run our business and provide our users with the Services.
By accepting our Terms of Use, you are confirming that you have read and understand this policy, including how and why we use your information.
If you don’t want us to collect or process your personal information in the ways described in this policy, you shouldn’t use the Services.
We are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies or practices of any of our members, websites hosted through Pattern by Etsy, third-party websites, or third-party apps.
Etsy’s Terms of Use require all account owners to be at least 18 years of age.
Minors under 18 years of age and at least 13 years of age are permitted to use Etsy's Services only if they have the appropriate permission and direct supervision by the owner of the account.
Children under age 13 are not permitted to use Etsy or the Services.
You are responsible for any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your account.
By using the Services, you acknowledge that Etsy will use your information in the United States, Ireland, and any other country where Etsy operates.
Please be aware that the privacy laws and standards in certain countries, including the rights of authorities to access your personal information, may differ from those that apply in the country in which you reside.
We will transfer personal information only to those countries to which we are permitted by law to transfer personal information, and we will take steps to ensure that your personal information continues to enjoy appropriate protections.
Please read on to learn more about how we protect personal information that’s transferred outside of Europe.
2.
Information Collected or Received
In the course of providing our Services, we collect or receive your personal information in a few different ways.
Often, you choose what information to provide, but sometimes we require certain information for you to use and for us to provide you the Services.

Registration, Account Setup, Service Usage: In order to use the Services, you need to provide us with a valid email address, and for Services that require registration, a name associated with your account that you can choose to represent your identity on Etsy.
You may review, change, or remove that name through your account settings.
You need to provide this information to enable us to provide you with the Services.
Depending on which services you choose to use, additional information, such as a shop name, billing and payment information (including billing contact name, address, telephone number, credit card information), a telephone number, and/or a physical postal address, may be necessary in order for us to provide a particular service.
You are not required to provide us with this information to sign up, but we will need it to provide certain services.
For example, we need a physical postal address if you are buying something on the Site for delivery.
As an Etsy seller, if you choose to use our payment service ("Etsy Payments"), Etsy may require information such as your full name, social security number, identification ID or tax ID, date of birth, bank account information, photograph, credit card information, and/or other proof of identification in order to verify your identity, provide this service to you, and comply with applicable law.
In addition, as a user of Etsy’s services Etsy may require this information from you in order to provide you with services (including, for example, to verify ownership of an account, to mitigate fraud and abuse on the platform, or to complete a transaction as a buyer or seller).
We may need to store credit card information (or arrange for it to be stored) and use it for both billing and payment purposes.
Depending on your local jurisdiction, you can also choose to allow us to save your credit card information to facilitate the checkout process for future purchases.
Etsy may contact individual shop owners confidentially to request more information about their shops or items listed through the Services, or to ensure compliance with our rules and applicable law.
In order to use certain products or services on Etsy, you may be required to complete an application.
information that you submit through the application process will not be displayed publicly and will only be used internally by Etsy, unless otherwise specified.

Profile: You may provide your name and other personal information (such as birthday, gender, location) in connection with your account and activity.
You can edit or remove this information through your account settings.

The name associated with your account, which you may review and change in your account settings, is publicly displayed and connected to your Etsy activity.
Other people may see the date you joined.
ratings, reviews, and related photos for items you purchased or sold.
your profile information.
items you listed for sale.
your shop pages and policies.
your Favorites, followers, and those you follow.
sold item listings and the number of items sold.
comments you post in our community spaces.
and information you decide to share via social networks.


Automated Information: Etsy automatically receives and records information from your browser or your mobile device when you visit the Site or use the Apps or use certain other Services, such as your IP address or unique device identifier, cookies, and data about which pages you visit and how you interact with those pages in order to allow us to operate and provide the Services.
This information is stored in log files and is collected automatically.
Etsy may also receive similar information (like, for example, IP addresses and actions taken on the device) provided by a connected Internet of Things device such as a voice-activated assistant or Smart TV.
We may combine this information from your browser or your mobile device with other information that we or our partners collect about you, including across devices.
This information is used to prevent fraud and to keep the Services secure, to analyze and understand how the Services work for members and visitors, and to provide advertising, including across your devices, and a more personalized experience for members and visitors.
We may also automatically collect device-specific information when you install, access, or use our Services.
This information may include information such as the hardware model, operating system information, app version, app usage and debugging information, browser information, IP address, and device identifiers.
For more information about these online tools and how we use them, see our Cookies &amp.
Similar Technologies Policy and “Information Uses, Sharing, &amp.
Disclosure” section below.

Location Information: We may collect information about your use of the Services for advertising, for analytics, to serve content, and to protect the Services.
This may include your IP address, browser information (including referrers), device information (such as iOS IDFA, IDFV for limited non-advertising purposes, Android AAID, and, when enabled by you, location information provided by your device).
When you use the Apps, you may choose to share your geolocation details with Etsy in order to use functions like our local marketplace, maps, and for in-person sales (although you don't need to share these details).
You may choose to publish your location when you sell on Etsy.

We may obtain location information you provide in your profile or your IP address.
With your consent, we may also determine location by using other information from your device, such as precise location information from GPS or information about wireless networks or cell towers near your mobile device.
We may use and store information about your location to provide features and to improve and customize the Services, for example, for Etsy’s internal analytics and performance monitoring.
localization, regional requirements, and policies for the Services.
for local content, search results, and recommendations.
for shipping and mapping services.
and (using non-precise location information) marketing.
If you have consented to share your precise device location details but would no longer like to continue sharing that information with us, you may revoke your consent to the sharing of that information through the settings on the Apps or on your mobile device.
Certain non-precise location services, such as for security and localized policies based on your IP address or submitted address, are critical for the site to function.
We will only share your geolocation details with third parties (like our mapping, payments, or, to the extent applicable, advertising providers) in order to provide you with the Services.
You may also choose to enable the Apps to access your mobile device’s camera to upload photographs to Etsy.

Analytics Information: We use data analytics to ensure site functionality and improve the Services.
In addition to web analytics, we use mobile analytics software to allow us to understand the functionality of the Apps on your phone.
This software may record information such as how often you use the Apps, what happens within the Apps, aggregated usage, performance data, app errors and debugging information, and where the Apps were downloaded from.
We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information that you submit within the mobile application.
For more information, see Etsy's Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy and Disclosures.


Information from Third Parties: Some members or visitors may choose to connect to Etsy or register an Etsy account using an external third-party application, such as Facebook, or an app developed using Etsy's API.
Etsy may receive information from those connected third-party applications.
Connecting your Etsy account to third-party applications or services is optional.
If you choose to connect your account to a third-party application, Etsy may receive information from that application.
We may also collect public information in order to connect with you.
We may use that information as part of providing the Services to you.
You can also choose to share some of your activity on Etsy on certain social media networks which are connected to your Etsy account, and you can revoke your permission anytime in your account settings.

Non-Member Information: Etsy may receive or obtain information (for example, an email address or IP address) about a person who is not yet a registered Etsy member (a “non-member”) in connection with certain Etsy features, such as when a non-member chooses to subscribe to an Etsy newsletter, a member invites a non-member to visit the Site, a member uploads non-member information using the contact uploader feature, a non-member engages in a transaction, a member sends a gift card code to a non-member, or a non-member uses the Guest Checkout feature when making a purchase through one of the Services.
Non-member information is used only for the purposes disclosed when it was submitted to Etsy, for purposes necessary to the functioning of Etsy's services or where Etsy has a legitimate interest, as disclosed in Section 7 below, or to facilitate action authorized by a member or the non-member.


Pattern by Etsy: We also collect certain information from both members and non-members who visit websites hosted by us.
This information may include your IP address or unique device identifier, and cookies and data from the pages you visit.
To learn more about websites hosted by us through Pattern by Etsy, see our Pattern Policy.
For more information on our use of cookies and collection of tracking information, see our Cookies &amp.
Similar Technologies Policy or “Information Uses, Sharing, &amp.
Disclosure” section below.
3.
Choice &amp.
Control
We know that members of our community value having control over their own information, so Etsy gives you the choice of providing, editing, or removing certain information, as well as choices about how we contact you.
You may change or correct your Etsy account information through your account settings.
You may also remove certain optional information that you no longer wish to be publicly visible through the Services, such as your name.
You can also request the deletion of the personal information in your account.

Depending on your location, you may also have certain additional rights with respect to your information, such as: (i) data access and portability (including the right to obtain a copy of your personal data you provided to Etsy, via your settings).
(ii) data correction (including the ability to update your personal data, in many cases via settings).
(iii) data deletion (including the right to have Etsy delete your personal information, except information we are required to retain by law, regulation, or to protect the safety, security, and integrity of Etsy, by contacting us).
and/or, (iv) withdrawal of consent or objection to processing (including, in limited circumstances, the right to ask Etsy to stop processing your personal data, with some exceptions, by contacting us).
We use non-technically necessary cookies and similar technologies.
A more detailed explanation of the technologies we use, and how to opt out when applicable, can be found in Etsy’s Cookies &amp.
Similar Technologies Policy.
You may also control the receipt of certain types of communications from Etsy in your account settings.
Etsy may send you messages about the Services or your activity.
Some of these messages are required, service-related messages for members (such as transactional messages or legal notices).
Other messages are not required, such as newsletters.
You can control which optional messages you choose to receive by changing your account settings, and you can learn more in the “Messages from Etsy” section of this policy.
We partner with third parties to manage our advertising on other sites.
Our third-party partners may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
If you have chosen to connect your account to an external third-party application, such as Facebook, or an app developed using the API, you can change your settings and remove permission for the app by changing your account settings.
If you no longer wish to use the Services or receive service-related messages (except for legally required notices), then you may close your account.
Click here to learn how to close your account.
Many changes that you make to your account settings are updated immediately, but some may take a few days to take effect, particularly those that impact email or marketing preferences.
Some major requests, such as changes to billing information or account data deletion, may require verification of identity before they can be processed.
4.
Findability
You may choose to connect directly with your email service provider, your mobile device’s address book, or a social network account to import your contacts to Etsy.
We do not retain the login information for your email service, mobile device, or social network site.
You may be able to search for people you know by email address or phone number on the Site or by connecting to your mobile device’s contact list through the Apps.
Finding your friends on Etsy helps you connect with them on our platform.
For example, you can follow another member’s public activity, such as public Favorites.
When you begin following another member’s activity, they will receive an email notification (if the member has consented to receiving this type of email).

If you do not want your contacts to be able to find you on Etsy through your email address, phone number, or social networking connections, then you may change your findability through your account settings.
If you do not wish to be located on Etsy via your name, you can remove your name and instead may use a nickname or alias as your name in your public account information.

5.
Messages from Etsy
On occasion, Etsy may need to contact you.
Primarily, these messages are delivered by email, Etsy Conversations, or by push notifications for a variety of reasons, including marketing, transactions, and service update purposes.
If you no longer wish to receive push notifications, you can disable them at device level.
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications via email or Conversations in your account settings or by following the unsubscribe link in any marketing email you receive.
To ensure you properly receive notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device, such as operating system and user identification information.
Every account is required to keep a valid email address on file to receive messages.
Etsy may also contact you by telephone to provide member support or for transaction-related purposes if you request that we call you.
Additionally, and with your consent, Etsy may send you an SMS (or similar) message in order to provide you with customer support or to provide you with information about products and features that you may find of interest.
You may update your contact preferences in your account settings.
Some messages from Etsy are service-related and necessary for members and Guest Checkout users.
You agree that Etsy can send you non-marketing emails, Conversations, or messages, such as those related to transactions, your account, security, or product changes.
Examples of service-related messages include an email address confirmation/welcome email when you register your account, notification of an order, service availability, modification of key features or functions, relaying Conversations with buyers, and correspondence with Etsy’s Support team.

When you register for an account, subscribe to a newsletter, or provide us with your email address or phone number such as for a Guest Checkout purchase, you receive notice of and agree (in some jurisdictions and situations, by an additional unambiguous consent) to receive marketing emails and messages from us.
You can unsubscribe at any time from marketing emails or messages through the opt-out link included in marketing emails or messages.
Members may also control which marketing emails or messages they receive from Etsy through their account settings.
Please note that some changes to your account settings may take a few days to take effect.

A contact-importer feature is available to help you locate and connect with your friends and contacts who may be members of Etsy (see the "Findability" section above for more information).
If someone in your contact list is not already a member, you may invite them to join Etsy, and an email will be sent to them on your behalf.
Recipients of email invitations may opt out of receiving future invitations by following instructions in the email invitation message.
You may send an invitation only to someone who has given you consent to receive one.
6.
Community
Etsy is a marketplaces and a community.
We offer several features that allow members to connect and communicate in public or semi-public spaces, such as Forums and Teams, which are a part of the Etsy Community space.
You don't have to use these features, but if you do, please use common sense and good judgment when posting in these community spaces or sharing your personal information with others through the Services.
Be aware that any personal information that you choose to submit there can be read, collected, or used by others, or could be used to send unsolicited messages to you.
We may engage certain third parties to assist in providing community services to you and, in the context of that relationship, we need to share some of your information with such third parties in order to provide that service.
This may include, for example, information from your Etsy account that is publicly available, your account’s status, your forum posts and Team memberships, your Etsy username and/or shop name, the display name you’ve optionally chosen to share publicly in your Etsy account, avatar image, the date that you registered on Etsy, as well as your language and regional settings on the site.
Etsy generally does not remove content from community spaces, and your posts may remain public after your account is closed, although your name will no longer be displayed alongside the post.
You are responsible for the personal information that you choose to post in community spaces through the Services.
You can set your privacy preferences and download your data in your Community Settings, and close or delete your Community account by submitting a request to Etsy.
Another member may follow your public activity on the Site to receive updates, such as when you add an item to your public Favorites.
You may choose to make certain activities private through your account settings.
You have the option to block any member with whom you do not wish to share your updates.
7.
Information Uses, Sharing, &amp.
Disclosure
We respect your privacy.
Etsy will not disclose your name, email address, or other personal information to third parties without your consent, except as specified in this policy.

You may control your privacy settings through the opt-out buttons in your account settings privacy tab.
Please note that some changes to your privacy settings may take a few days to take effect.
We or our sellers may advertise our Services or our sellers’ products through a variety of different mediums and rely on your consent to do so off-site.

When you access or use the Services, we collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal information as described in this policy.
We rely on a number of legal bases to use your information in these ways.
These legal bases include where:

Necessary to perform the contractual obligations in our Terms of Use and in order to provide the Services to you;
You have consented to the processing, which you can revoke at any time;
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise or defend any impending or asserted legal claims.

Necessary for the purposes of our or a third party’s legitimate interests, such as those of visitors, members, or partners;
You have expressly made the information public.

Necessary in the public interest.
and
Occasionally necessary to protect your vital interests or those of others.

Note that we principally rely on consent (i) to send marketing messages, (ii) for third-party data sharing related to advertising, and, to the extent applicable, (iii) for the use of location data for advertising purposes.

We rely on consent for targeted online and offline marketing including through tools like Facebook Custom Audience and Google Customer Match.
We or our sellers may advertise our Services or our sellers’ products through a variety of different mediums and rely on your consent to do so off-site.
As part of this, we may work with advertising partners such as Facebook, Google, and other partners disclosed in our Cookies and Similar Technology Policy, and you may see the privacy policies and privacy choices for these partners in our Cookies and Similar Technology Disclosures.

Where we process your information on the basis of legitimate interests, we do so as follows:

Providing and Improving our Services: We may use your information to improve and customize our Services, including sharing of your information for such purposes, and we do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests of improving our Services for our users.
This is also necessary to enable us to pursue our legitimate interests in understanding how our Services are being used, and to explore and unlock ways to develop and grow our business.
It is also necessary to allow us to pursue our legitimate interests in improving our Services, efficiency, interest in Services for users, and obtaining insights into usage patterns of our Services.
As a core part of our Services, we have a legitimate interest in customizing your on-site experience to help you search for and discover relevant items and recommended purchases, including using this information to help sellers find the best ways to market and sell their products on Etsy

Keeping our Services Safe and Secure: We may also use your information for safety and security purposes, including sharing of your information for such purposes, and we do so because it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests in ensuring the security of our Services.
This includes enhancing protection of our community against spam, harassment, intellectual property infringement, crime, and security risks of all kind.
We use your information to provide and improve the Services and our products, for billing and payments, for identification and authentication, and for general research and aggregate reporting.
For example, in accordance with our existing case resolution process, we may use information you provide to resolve disputes with Etsy or other members.


Buying and Selling:  As part of the buying and selling process, Etsy will facilitate the sharing of information between the two members involved in the transaction, such as the other Etsy member's shipping address and payment status.
This may also involve us sharing your information with some of our third party partners such as our shipping and payment partners to enable us to provide the service to you.
By making a sale or a purchase on Etsy, you are directing us to share your information in this way.
Since this is an important part of the Services we provide, we need to do this in order to perform our obligations under our Terms of Use.
We expect you to respect the privacy of the member whose information you have received.
As described in Etsy's Terms of Use, you have a limited license to use that information only for Etsy-related communications or for Etsy-facilitated transactions.
Etsy has not granted a license to you to use the information for unauthorized transactions or sending unsolicited commercial messages in violation of any applicable laws, including any consent requirements of the jurisdiction of the recipient.
You may only add a member to your email or physical mailing list or otherwise use or store a member’s personal information in accordance with applicable laws, including any consent requirements that apply in that member's jurisdiction.
We may learn the sorts of products that you’re interested in from your browsing and purchasing behavior on (and off) the Site or Apps and suggest potential purchases as a result.
As a core part of our Services, we have a legitimate interest in customizing your on-site experience to help you search for and discover relevant items and recommended purchases, including using this information to help sellers find the best ways to market and sell their products on Etsy.


Legal and Safety: Etsy may also retain, preserve, or release your personal information to a third party in the following limited circumstances: in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet legitimate national security or law enforcement requirements.
to protect, establish, or exercise our legal rights or defend against impending or asserted legal claims, including to collect a debt, or a material violation of our policies (including our Intellectual Property Policy).
to comply with a subpoena, court order, legal process, or other legal requirement.
or when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with the law, prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, threats to our rights or property, or violations of Etsy's Terms of Use.
In these cases, our use of your information may be necessary for the purposes of our or a third party’s legitimate interest in keeping our Services secure, preventing harm or crime, enforcing or defending legal rights, or preventing damage.
Such use may also be necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise or defend legal claims.
It may also be necessary in the public interest (such as to prevent crime) or to protect vital interests (in rare cases where we may need to share information to prevent loss of life or personal injury).
If Etsy receives a lawful, verified request for a member’s records or information in one of the limited circumstances described in the previous paragraph, Etsy may disclose personal information, which may include, but may not be limited to, a member’s name, address, phone number, email address, and company name.
Find out more about how Etsy responds to requests for records or information about members of Etsy’s community in our Requests for Information Policy.

Affiliated Businesses: Etsy is affiliated with a variety of businesses and works closely with them for a variety of purposes, including assisting us to perform and improve the Services.
These businesses may sell items or services to you through the Services or, with your consent, offer promotions (including email promotions) to you.
Etsy may also provide services or sell products jointly with affiliated businesses, including providing information to such partners to allow them to more effectively market to you.
When an affiliated business assists in facilitating your transaction, we may need to share information related to the transaction with that affiliated business in order to facilitate your transaction, and this forms part of the Services we provide in accordance with our Terms of Use.
We rely on consent (which can be withdrawn at any time) to send marketing messages and for third-party sharing relating to advertising.
As part of this, we may work with advertising partners such as Facebook or Google, and we may use analytics aggregated from usage information including, for example, search keywords, favorites, browsing history, and purchase history.
In addition to consent as noted above, we also rely on our legitimate interest to send you marketing messages and for Etsy's advertising programs.

Aggregated Information: Etsy may share demographic information with business partners, but it will be aggregated and de-personalized so that personal information is not revealed.

Service Providers: Etsy also needs to engage third-party companies and individuals (such as payment processors, research companies, and analytics and security providers) to help us operate, provide, and market the Services.
These third parties have only limited access to your information, may use your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are obligated to Etsy not to disclose or use your information for other purposes.
Our engagement of service providers is often necessary for us to provide the Services to you, particularly where such companies play important roles like processing payments and shipments and helping us keep our Service operating and secure.
In some other cases, these service providers aren’t strictly necessary for us to provide the Services, but help us make it better, like by helping us conduct research into how we could better serve our users.
In these latter cases, we have a legitimate interest in working with service providers to make our Services better.

Business Reorganization: In some cases, Etsy may choose to buy or sell assets.
Such transactions may be necessary and in our legitimate interests, particularly our interest in making decisions that enable our business to develop over the long term.
In these types of transactions (such as a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership, or transfer of all or substantially all of Etsy’s assets), member information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred.
If Etsy intends to transfer information about you, Etsy will notify you by email or by putting a prominent notice on the Site and the App, and you will be afforded an opportunity to opt out before information about you becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

Third Parties: Third-party plug-ins also may collect information about your use of the Site.
For example, when you load a page on Etsy that has a social plug-in from a third-party site or service, such as a “Like” or “Send” button, you are also loading content from that third-party site.
That site may request cookies directly from your browser.
These interactions are subject to the privacy policy of the third-party site.
In addition, certain cookies and other similar technologies on the Site are used by third parties for targeted online marketing and other purposes.
These technologies allow a partner to recognize your computer or mobile device each time you use the Services.
Please be aware that when you use third-party sites or services, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those sites or services.
Etsy chooses and manages these third-party technologies placed on its Sites and Apps.
However, these are third-party technologies, and they are subject to that third party's privacy policy.
For more information, see our Cookies &amp.
Similar Technologies Policy.
We rely on your consent to drop and read these cookies when not technically necessary or when not required based on another purpose such as legitimate interest.

This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties (such as other members who sell using the Services, certain third-party providers on whom we rely to provide certain services, or API users) that Etsy does not own or control or individuals that Etsy does not employ or manage, except as otherwise provided for in the Terms or as required by law.
If you provide your information to such third parties in connection with your use of the Services, different practices may apply to the use or disclosure of the information that you provide to them.
While Etsy requires these third parties to follow Etsy’s privacy and security requirements, Etsy does not control the privacy or security policies of such third parties.
To the full extent applicable in your jurisdiction, Etsy is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of these sellers, API users, or other websites on the internet, even those linked to or from the Services.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies and ask questions of third parties before you disclose your personal information to them.
For the purposes of European law, these sellers, third party providers, and API users are independent controllers of data, which means that they are responsible for providing and complying with their own policies relating to any personal information they obtain in connection with the Services.

8.
Transfers
Etsy operates a global service.
If you reside outside of North America or South America, your personal information is controlled by Etsy Ireland UC.
By using our Services, you understand that Etsy Ireland UC may share some of the information it gathers with Etsy, Inc.
(its US parent company) or other Etsy affiliates for purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including for ID verification, transaction reviews, and payment processing.
The United States, European Economic Area (“EEA”) Member States, and other countries all have different laws.
When your information is moved from your home country to another country, the laws and rules that protect your personal information in the country to which your information is transferred may be different from those in the country in which you live.
For example, the circumstances in which law enforcement can access personal information may vary from country to country.
In particular, if your information is in the US, it may be accessed by government authorities in accordance with US law.
To the extent that Etsy is deemed to transfer personal information outside of the EEA, we rely separately, alternatively, and independently on the following legal bases to transfer your information: 
Model Clauses
The European Commission has adopted standard contractual clauses (also known as Model Clauses), which provide safeguards for personal information that is transferred outside of Europe.
We often use these Model Clauses when transferring personal information outside of Europe.
You can request a copy of our Model Clauses by emailing legal@etsy.com.
Privacy Shield
Etsy, Inc.
does not participate in Privacy Shield at this time.
However, Etsy Ireland UC may rely on the EU-US Privacy Shield to transfer personal information to some of our third party service providers in the United States, where they are certified to receive such information under the Privacy Shield Program.
Necessary for the Performance of the Contract between Etsy and its Members
Etsy provides a voluntary service.
you can choose whether or not you want to use the Services.
However, if you want to use the Services, you need to agree to our Terms of Use, which set out the contract between Etsy and its members.
As we operate in countries worldwide (including in the US) and use technical infrastructure in the US to deliver the Services to you, in accordance with the contract between us, we need to transfer your personal information to the US and to other jurisdictions as necessary to provide the Services.
Simply put, we can’t provide you with the Services and perform our contract with you without moving your personal information around the world.
&nbsp;
9.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us.
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received.
Your account information is protected by a password.
It is important that you protect against unauthorized access to your account and information by choosing your password carefully and by keeping your password and computer secure, such as by signing out after using the Services.
If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at legal@etsy.com.

Etsy encrypts certain information (such as credit card numbers) using TLS (transport layer security).
Etsy follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Etsy offers advanced security features and settings for members, such as two-factor authentication for signing in, and sign in history and notifications.
you can view more information in your account settings.
10.
Retention
Etsy will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy, for as long as your account is active (i.e., for the lifetime of your Etsy member account), as described in this policy, or as needed to provide the Services to you.
If you no longer want Etsy to use your information to provide the Services to you, you may close your account.
Etsy will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your information to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws), resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and as otherwise described in this policy.
In addition, Etsy sellers may also be required to retain and use your information in order to comply with their own legal obligations.
Please note that closing your account may not free up your email address, username, or shop name (if any) for reuse on a new account.
We also retain log files for internal analysis purposes.
These log files are generally retained for a brief period of time, except in cases where they are used for site safety and security, to improve site functionality, or we are legally obligated to retain them for longer time periods.
11.
Your Rights
You may benefit from a number of rights in relation to your information that we process.
Some rights apply only in certain limited cases, depending on your location.
If you would like to manage, change, limit, or delete your personal information, you can do so via your Etsy account settings or by contacting us.
Upon request, Etsy will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information.
&nbsp;By visiting your account settings, you can access, correct, change, and delete certain personal information associated with your account.
In certain cases where we process your information, you may also have a right to restrict or limit the ways in which we use your personal information.
In certain circumstances, you also have the right to request the deletion of your personal information, and to obtain a copy of your personal information in an easily accessible format.
Please ensure you've read the options you have under the "Choice &amp.
Control" section above.
If you need further assistance, you can contact Etsy through one of the channels listed below under “Contact.” We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
If we process your information based on our legitimate interests as explained above, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances.
In such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons.
Where we use your personal data for direct marketing purposes, you can always object using the unsubscribe link in such communications or changing your account settings.
Please note that some changes to your account settings may take a few days to take effect.

12.
Your Responsibilities
If you sell using our Services or use Etsy’s API, you may receive and determine what to do with certain personal information.
Your privacy responsibilities, including when you act as an independent data controller (someone who decides what personal data to collect and the purpose you use the data for) are laid out in the Etsy Seller Policy and the Etsy API Terms of Use.

13.
Withdrawing Consent
You can choose to withdraw your consent to our processing of your information and your use of the Services at any time by permanently closing and deleting your account through the Privacy tab of your account settings, or by using specific features provided to enable you to withdraw consent, like an email unsubscribe link or your account privacy preferences.
If your account does not have any open issues such as unpaid bills, unfulfilled orders, unresolved cases, or policy violations, you will receive an email with instructions to confirm your deletion request.
This process may take up to approximately two weeks after which your account will be deleted to the extent permitted.
Depending on which of our Services you've used (such as whether you've made purchases or sales on Etsy), we may be required to retain certain information for legal, regulatory, tax, security, or compliance reasons for a limited period of time, after which it will be deleted.
This deletion is permanent, and your account cannot be reinstated.

14.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may amend or update this policy from time to time.
If we believe that the changes are material, we’ll let you know by doing one (or more) of the following: (i) posting the changes on or through the Services, (ii) sending you an email or message about the changes, or (iii) posting an update in the version notes on the Apps’ platform.
We encourage you to check back regularly and review any updates.

15.
Contact
If you have any questions: 
Contact Etsy’s Support team via our Help Center
Send an email to Etsy's Data Protection Officer at dpo@etsy.com
Write to us at one of the following addresses:

In North America or South America:

Etsy Support Team – Privacy Policy
117 Adams Street
Brooklyn, NY 11201, USA

Outside of North America or South America:

Etsy Support Team – Privacy Policy
66/67 Great Strand Street
Dublin 1 Ireland
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you may contact our US-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Without prejudice to any other rights you may have, if you are located outside of North America or South America, you also have the right to file a complaint against Etsy with the Irish Data Protection Commission ("DPC"), which is Etsy’s Lead Supervisory Authority.
The DPC’s contact details are:
Office of the Data Protection Commissioner
Canal House, Station Road
Portarlington, Co.
Laois, R32 AP23, Ireland
Phone: +353 (0761) 104 800
LoCall: 1890 25 22 31
Fax: +353 57 868 4757
Email: info@dataprotection.ie 
If you live in the EEA, you may also file a complaint with your local data protection regulator.
Last updated on Jun 25, 2019   Our House Rules / Terms of Use 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 
 Buyers 
 Sellers 
 Third parties 
 Terms of Use Welcome to Etsy.
We’re so glad you’re here.
Make yourself comfortable and have a good time, but please follow our house rules.

 This policy was published on June 25, 2019.
It will take effect on July 25, 2019.
The previous version of this policy can be viewed here.



Accepting These Terms 
Those Other Documents We Mentioned 
Your Privacy 
Your Account with Etsy 
Your Content 
Your Use of Our Services 
Termination 
Warranties and Limitation of Liability (or the Things You Can’t Sue Us For) 
Indemnification (or What Happens If You Get Us Sued) 
Disputes with Other Users 
Disputes with Etsy 
Changes to the Terms 
Some Finer Legal Points 
Contact Information 
1.
Accepting These Terms

This document and the other documents that we reference below make up our house rules, or what we officially call our Terms of Use (the “Terms” for short).

The Terms are a legally binding contract between you and Etsy.
If you live in North America or South America, the contract is between you and Etsy, Inc..
if you live elsewhere, the contract is between you and Etsy Ireland UC, a subsidiary of Etsy, Inc.
We’ll just refer to Etsy, Inc.
and all of its subsidiaries collectively as “Etsy.”

Please note that Section 11.
Disputes with Etsy, contains an arbitration clause and class action waiver.
By agreeing to the Terms, you agree to resolve all disputes through binding individual arbitration, which means that you waive any right to have those disputes decided by a judge or jury, and that you waive your right to participate in class actions, class arbitrations, or representative actions.

This contract sets out your rights and responsibilities when you use Etsy.com, Pattern by Etsy, our mobile apps, and the other services provided by Etsy (we’ll refer to all of these collectively as our “Services”), so please read it carefully.
By using any of our Services (even just browsing one of our websites), you’re agreeing to the Terms.
If you don’t agree with the Terms, you may not use our Services.
You with us? Great, read on!
2.
Those Other Documents We Mentioned
Etsy’s Services connect people around the world, both online and offline, to make, sell, and buy unique goods.
Here’s a handy guide to help you understand the specific rules that are relevant for you, depending on how you use the Services:
Our House Rules for Everyone.
If you use any of our Services, you agree to these Terms, our Privacy Policy, and our Anti-Discrimination Policy.

Our House Rules for Sellers.
If you list any items for sale through our Services, these policies apply to you.
You can read them here.


Our House Rules for Buyers.
If you use our Services to browse or shop, these policies apply to you.
You can read them here.

Our House Rules for Third Parties.
These policies apply to intellectual property owners, Etsy API users, affiliates, and anyone requesting information from Etsy.
All of these policies are a part of our Terms, so be sure to read the ones that are relevant for you.
Of course, you’ll still want to read the rest of this document because it applies to everyone!
3.
Your Privacy
We know your personal information is important to you, so it’s important to us.
Our Privacy Policy details how your information is used when you use our Services.
By using our Services, you're also agreeing that we can process your information in the ways set out in the Privacy Policy, so please read it here.
Both Etsy and sellers process members’ personal information (for example, buyer name, email address, and shipping address) and are therefore considered&nbsp;separate and independent data controllers&nbsp;of buyers’ personal information under EU law.
That means that each party is responsible for the personal information it processes in providing the Services.
For example, if a seller accidentally discloses a buyer’s name and email address when fulfilling another buyer’s order, the seller, not Etsy, will be responsible for that unauthorized disclosure.
&nbsp;
If, however, Etsy and sellers are found to be joint data controllers of buyers’ personal information, and if Etsy is sued, fined, or otherwise incurs expenses because of something that you did as a joint data controller of buyer personal information, you agree to indemnify Etsy for the expenses it occurs in connection with your processing of buyer personal information.
See Section 9.
Indemnification (or What Happens If You Get Us Sued) below for more information about your indemnification obligations to Etsy.
4.
Your Account with Etsy
You’ll need to create an account with Etsy to use some of our Services.
Here are a few rules about accounts with Etsy:

A.
You must be 18 years or older to use our Services. Minors under 18 and at least 13 years of age are only permitted to use our Services through an account owned by a parent or legal guardian with their appropriate permission and under their direct supervision.
Children under 13 years are not permitted to use Etsy or the Services.
You are responsible for any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your account.
For more information, see Etsy's Minors Policy.

B.
Be honest with us. Provide accurate information about yourself.
It’s prohibited to use false information or impersonate another person or company through your account.

C.
Choose an appropriate name. If you decide to not have your full name serve as the name associated with your account, you may not use language that is offensive, vulgar, infringes someone’s intellectual property rights, or otherwise violates the Terms.


D.
You're responsible for your account. You’re solely responsible for any activity on your account.
If you’re sharing an account with other people, then the person whose financial information is on the account will ultimately be responsible for all activity.
If you’re registering as a business entity, you personally guarantee that you have the authority to agree to the Terms on behalf of the business.
Also, your accounts are not transferable.

E.
Protect your password. As we mentioned above, you’re solely responsible for any activity on your account, so it’s important to keep your account password secure.
Here’s a Help article on how to make your account more secure.

F.
Let's be clear about our relationship. These Terms don't create any agency, partnership, joint venture, employment, or franchisee relationship between you and Etsy.
This detailed Help article should answer any questions you may have about registering an account with Etsy.

5.
Your Content
Content that you post using our Services is your content (so let’s refer to it as “Your Content”).
We don’t make any claim to it, which includes anything you post using our Services (like shop names, profile pictures, listing photos, listing descriptions, reviews, comments, videos, usernames, etc.).

A.
Responsibility for Your Content. You understand that you are solely responsible for Your Content.
You represent that you have all necessary rights to Your Content and that you’re not infringing or violating any third party’s rights by posting it.

B.
Permission to Use Your Content.
By posting Your Content through our Services, you grant Etsy a license to use it.
We don’t claim any ownership to Your Content, but we have your permission to use it to help Etsy function and grow.
That way, we won’t infringe any rights you have in Your Content and we can help promote your stuff.
For example, you acknowledge and agree Etsy may offer you or Etsy buyers promotions on the Site, from time to time, that may relate to your listings

C.
Rights You Grant Etsy. (Here’s the legalese version of the last section).
By posting Your Content, you grant Etsy a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, sub-licensable, perpetual license to use, display, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, store, and prepare derivative works of Your Content.
This allows us to provide the Services and to promote Etsy, your Etsy shop, or the Services in general, in any formats and through any channels, including across any Etsy Services, our partners, or third-party website or advertising medium.
You agree not to assert any moral rights or rights of publicity against us for using Your Content.
You also recognize our legitimate interest in using it, in accordance with the scope of this license, to the extent Your Content contains any personal information.

That sounds like a lot, but it’s necessary for us to keep Etsy going.
Consider these examples: if you upload a photo of a listing on your Etsy shop, we have permission to display it to buyers, and we can resize it so it looks good to a buyer using our mobile app.
if you post a description in English, we can translate it into French so a buyer in Paris can learn the story behind your item.
and if you post a beautiful photo of your latest handmade necklace, we can feature it on our homepage, in one of our blogs or even on a billboard to help promote your business and Etsy’s.

D.
Reporting Unauthorized Content. Etsy has great respect for intellectual property rights, and is committed to following appropriate legal procedures to remove infringing content from the Services.
If content that you own or have rights to has been posted to the Services without your permission and you want it removed, please follow the steps listed in our Intellectual Property Policy.
If Your Content is alleged to infringe another person’s intellectual property, we will take appropriate action, such as disabling it if we receive proper notice or terminating your account if you are found to be a repeat infringer.
We’ll notify you if any of that happens.

E.
Inappropriate, False, or Misleading Content. This should be common sense, but there are certain types of content we don’t want posted on Etsy’s Services (for legal reasons or otherwise).
You agree that you will not post any content that is abusive, threatening, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, or otherwise offensive or in violation of our Prohibited Items Policy, Community Policy, or any part of our Terms.
You also agree not to post any content that is false and misleading or uses the Services in a manner that is fraudulent or deceptive.
6.
Your Use of Our Services

License to Use Our Services. We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and revocable license to use our Services—subject to the Terms and the following restrictions in particular:

A.
Don’t Use Our Services to Break the Law. You agree that you will not violate any laws in connection with your use of the Services.
This includes any local, state, federal, and international laws that may apply to you.
For example, it’s your responsibility to obtain any permits or licenses that your shop requires.
you may not sell anything that violates any laws.
you must comply with our Sanctions Policy, and you may not engage in fraud (including false claims or infringement notices), theft, anti-competitive conduct, threatening conduct, or any other unlawful acts or crimes against Etsy, another Etsy user, or a third party.

B.
Pay Your Bills. You are responsible for paying all fees that you owe to Etsy.
Except as set forth below, you are also solely responsible for collecting and/or paying any applicable taxes for any purchases or sales you make through our Services.
For digital items sold to buyers in Australia, Belarus, the EU, Iceland, India, New Zealand, Norway, Russia, Serbia, South Africa, South Korea, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey, or United Arab Emirates, Etsy will help collect and remit the correct amount of value-added tax or VAT.
Some countries may refer to VAT using other terms, e.g.
Goods and Services Tax (GST), but we’ll just refer to VAT, GST, and any local sales taxes collectively as “VAT.” In addition, Etsy will calculate, collect, and remit sales tax where applicable.
Please see this FAQ for more information.
Your fees, bills, taxes, and how you can pay them are fully explained in our Fees &amp.
Payments Policy.


C.
Don’t Steal Our Stuff. You agree not to crawl, scrape, or spider any page of the Services or to reverse engineer or attempt to obtain the source code of the Services.
If you want to use our API, please follow our API Terms of Use.

D.
Don’t Try to Harm Our Systems. You agree not to interfere with or try to disrupt our Services, for example by distributing a virus or other harmful computer code.

E.
Follow Our Trademark Policy. The name "Etsy" and the other Etsy marks, phrases, logos, and designs that we use in connection with our Services, are trademarks, service marks, or trade dress of Etsy in the US and other countries.
If you’d like to use our trademarks, please follow our Trademark Policy.

F.
Share Your Ideas. We love your suggestions and ideas! They can help us improve your experience and our Services.
Any unsolicited ideas or other materials you submit to Etsy (not including Your Content or items you sell through our Services) are considered non-confidential and non-proprietary to you.
You grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, sub-licensable, perpetual license to use and publish those ideas and materials for any purpose, without compensation to you.

G.
Talk to Us Online. From time to time, Etsy will provide you with certain legal information in writing.
By using our Services, you’re agreeing to our Electronic Communications Policy, which describes how we provide that information to you.
It says that we can send you information electronically (such as by email) instead of mailing you paper copies (it’s better for the environment), and that your electronic agreement is the same as your signature on paper.
7.
Termination

Termination By You. We'd hate to see you go, but you may terminate your account with Etsy at any time from your account settings.
You can find more information in this Help article.
Terminating your account will not affect the availability of some of Your Content that you posted through the Services prior to termination.
Oh, and you’ll still have to pay any outstanding bills.

Termination By Etsy. We may terminate or suspend your account (and any related accounts) and your access to the Services at any time, for any reason, and without advance notice.
If we do so, it’s important to understand that you don’t have a contractual or legal right to continue to use our Services, for example, to sell or buy on our websites or mobile apps.
Etsy may refuse service to anyone, at any time, for any reason.
If you or Etsy terminate your account, you may lose any information associated with your account, including Your Content.

We May Discontinue the Services. Etsy reserves the right to change, suspend, or discontinue any of the Services at any time, for any reason.
We will not be liable to you for the effect that any changes to the Services may have on you, including your income or your ability to generate revenue through the Services.

Survival. The Terms will remain in effect even after your access to the Service is terminated, or your use of the Service ends.
8.
Warranties and Limitation of Liability (or the Things You Can’t Sue Us For)

Items You Purchase. You understand that Etsy does not manufacture, store, or inspect any of the items sold through our Services.
We provide the venue.
the items in our marketplaces are produced, listed, and sold directly by independent sellers, so Etsy cannot and does not make any warranties about their quality, safety, or even their legality.
Any legal claim related to an item you purchase must be brought directly against the seller of the item.
You release Etsy from any claims related to items sold through our Services, including for defective items, misrepresentations by sellers, or items that caused physical injury (like product liability claims).

Content You Access. You may come across materials that you find offensive or inappropriate while using our Services.
We make no representations concerning any content posted by users through the Services.
Etsy is not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of content posted by users that you accessed through the Services.
You release us from all liability relating to that content.

People You Interact With. You can use the Services to interact with other individuals, either online or in person.
However, you understand that we do not screen users of our Services, and you release us from all liability relating to your interactions with other users.
Please be careful and exercise caution and good judgment in all interactions with others, especially if you are meeting someone in person.
This Help article has some good advice about handling in person meetings.

Third-Party Services. Our Services may contain links to third-party websites or services that we don’t own or control (for example, links to Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest).
You may also need to use a third party’s product or service in order to use some of our Services (like a compatible mobile device to use our mobile apps).
When you access these third-party services, you do so at your own risk.
The third parties may require you to accept their own terms of use.
Etsy is not a party to those agreements.
they are solely between you and the third party.

Gift Cards and Promotions. You acknowledge that Etsy does not make any warranties with respect to your Gift Card balance and is not responsible for any unauthorized access to, or alteration, theft, or destruction of a Gift Card or Gift Card code that results from any action by you or a third party.
You also acknowledge that we may suspend or prohibit use of your Gift Card if your Gift Card or Gift Card code has been reported lost or stolen, or if we believe your Gift Card balance is being used suspiciously, fraudulently, or in an otherwise unauthorized manner.
If your Gift Card code stops working, your only remedy is for us to issue you a replacement Gift Card code.
By participating in a special offer or promotion, you agree that you may not later claim that the rules of that special offer or promotion were ambiguous.

WARRANTIES. ETSY IS DEDICATED TO MAKING OUR SERVICES THE BEST THEY CAN BE, BUT WE’RE NOT PERFECT AND SOMETIMES THINGS CAN GO WRONG.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT OUR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT ANY KIND OF WARRANTY (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED).
WE ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMING ANY WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AS WELL AS ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY A COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING, OR USAGE OF TRADE.
 WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT: (I) THE SERVICES WILL BE SECURE OR AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION.
(II) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED.
(III) THE SERVICES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL MATERIALS.
OR (IV) THE RESULTS OF USING THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS.
YOU USE THE SERVICES SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
LIABILITY LIMITS.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NEITHER ETSY, NOR OUR EMPLOYEES OR DIRECTORS SHALL BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, OR FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES OR THESE TERMS.
IN NO EVENT SHALL ETSY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED ($100) US DOLLARS (USD) OR THE AMOUNT YOU PAID ETSY IN THE PAST TWELVE MONTHS.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.9.
Indemnification (or What Happens If You Get Us Sued)
We hope this never happens, but if Etsy gets sued because of something that you did, you agree to defend and indemnify us.
That means you’ll defend Etsy (including any of our employees) and hold us harmless from any legal claim or demand (including reasonable attorney’s fees) that arises from your actions, your use (or misuse) of our Services, your breach of the Terms, or your account’s infringement of someone else’s rights.
We reserve the right to handle our legal defense however we see fit, even if you are indemnifying us, in which case you agree to cooperate with us so we can execute our strategy.
10.
Disputes with Other Users
If you find yourself in a dispute with another user of Etsy’s Services or a third party, we encourage you to contact the other party and try to resolve the dispute amicably.

Case System. Buyers and sellers who are unable to resolve a dispute related to a transaction on our websites or mobile apps may participate in our case system.
You can find details about the case system in this Help article.
Etsy will attempt to help you resolve disputes in good faith and based solely on our interpretation of our policies, in our sole discretion.
we will not make judgments regarding legal issues or claims.
Etsy has no obligation to resolve any disputes.

Release of Etsy. You release Etsy from any claims, demands, and damages arising out of disputes with other users or parties.
11.
Disputes with Etsy
If you’re upset with us, let us know, and hopefully we can resolve your issue.
But if we can’t, then these rules will govern any legal dispute involving our Services:

A.
Governing Law. The Terms are governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws rules, and the laws of the United States of America.
These laws will apply no matter where in the world you live, but if you live outside of the United States, you may be entitled to the protection of the mandatory consumer protection provisions of your local consumer protection law.

B.
Arbitration. You and Etsy agree that any dispute or claim arising from or relating to the Terms shall be finally settled by final and binding arbitration, using the English language, administered by the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”) under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (the "AAA Rules") then in effect (those rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this section, and as of the date of these Terms you can find the AAA Rules here), unless otherwise required by law.
Arbitration, including threshold questions of arbitrability of the dispute, will be handled by a sole arbitrator in accordance with those rules.
Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court that has jurisdiction.
Any arbitration under the Terms will take place on an individual basis — class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
You understand that by agreeing to the Terms, you and Etsy are each waiving the right to trial by jury or to participate in a class action or class arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party shall have the right to bring an action in a court of proper jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable or conservatory relief, pending a final decision by the arbitrator.
You may instead assert your claim in “small claims” court, but only if your claim qualifies, your claim remains in such court, and your claim remains on an individual, non-representative, and non-class basis.

C.
Costs of Arbitration. Payment for any and all reasonable AAA filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees will be in accordance with the Consumer Arbitration Rules.
If the value of your claim does not exceed $10,000 USD, Etsy will pay for the reasonable filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration, unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought was frivolous or brought for an improper purpose.

D.
Forum. We’re based in New York, so any legal action against Etsy related to our Services must be filed and take place in New York County, New York.
For all actions under the AAA Rules, the proceedings may be filed where your residence is, or in New York, New York, and any in-person hearings will be conducted at a location which is reasonably convenient to both parties taking into account their ability to travel and other pertinent circumstances.
For any actions not subject to arbitration, you and Etsy agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of a state or federal court located in New York County, New York if your contract is with Etsy, Inc..
if your contract is with Etsy Ireland UC, you and Etsy agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland.

E.
Government Exception. If you are a government agent or entity in the United States using the Services in your official capacity, and you are legally unable to agree to the clauses in this section, then those clauses do not apply to you.
In that case, the Terms and any action related to the Terms will be governed by the laws of the United States (without reference to conflict of laws) and, in the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the laws of the State of New York.

F.
Modifications. If we make any changes to this “Disputes with Etsy” section after the date you last accepted the Terms, those changes will not apply to any claims filed in a legal proceeding against Etsy prior to the date the changes became effective.
Etsy will notify you of substantive changes to the “Disputes with Etsy” section at least 30 days prior to the date the change will become effective.
If you do not agree to the modified terms, you may send Etsy a written notification (including email) or close your account within those 30 days.
By rejecting a modified term or permanently closing your account, you agree to arbitrate any disputes between you and Etsy in accordance with the provisions of this “Disputes with Etsy” section as of the date you last accepted the Terms, including any changes made prior to your rejection.
If you reopen your closed account or create a new account, you agree to be bound by the current version of the Terms.
12.
Changes to the Terms
We may update these Terms from time to time.
If we believe that the changes are material, we’ll definitely let you know by posting the changes through the Services and/or sending you an email or message about the changes.
That way you can decide whether you want to continue using the Services.
Changes will be effective upon the posting of the changes unless otherwise specified.
You are responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any changes.
Your use of the Services following the changes constitutes your acceptance of the updated Terms.
13.
Some Finer Legal Points
The Terms, including all of the policies that make up the Terms, supersede any other agreement between you and Etsy regarding the Services.
If any part of the Terms is found to be unenforceable, that part will be limited to the minimum extent necessary so that the Terms will otherwise remain in full force and effect.
Our failure to enforce any part of the Terms is not a waiver of our right to later enforce that or any other part of the Terms.
We may assign any of our rights and obligations under the Terms.
14.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about the Terms, please email us at legal@etsy.com.
Last updated on Jun 25, 2019   &lt;iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KWW5SS" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt.
Close Beginning of a dialog window, including tabbed navigation to register an account or sign in to an existing account.
Both registration and sign in support using google and facebook accounts.
Escape will close this window.

 Register 
 Sign in 
 Get started 
 Continue with Facebook Continue with Google  We'll never post without your permission.
 OR Enter your email 
 Have an account? Sign in 
 Just one more step… Create your Etsy password Create Your Etsy Account Continue with Facebook Continue with Google  We'll never post without your permission.
 OR First Name Email Password Confirm Password 

 By clicking Register, you agree to Etsy's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Etsy may send you communications.
you may change your preferences in your account settings.



 Uh oh! You need to have cookies enabled to sign in.
 Welcome back Nice—you already have an Etsy account. Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google OR Email or Username Password Stay signed in 

Forgot your password?
Forgot your username or email?
Reopen your account? Etsy Search Search for items or shops Search Skip to Content 
 Sell on Etsy Sell 
 Register 
 Sign in 
 Cart Cart 0 


 Jewelry &amp.
Accessories 
 Clothing &amp.
Shoes 
 Home &amp.
Living 
 Wedding &amp.
Party 
 Toys &amp.
Entertainment 
 Art &amp.
Collectibles 
 Craft Supplies &amp.
Tools 
 Vintage 

 All Jewelry &amp.
Accessories  Accessories 
 Bags &amp.
Purses 
 Necklaces 
 Rings 
 Earrings 
 Bracelets 
 Body Jewelry 
 All Jewelry 


 Hats &amp.
Caps 
 Hair Accessories 
 Headbands 
 Fascinators &amp.
Mini Hats 


 Sunglasses &amp.
Eyewear 
 Scarves &amp.
Wraps 


 Belts &amp.
Suspenders 
 Keychains &amp.
Lanyards 
 Sun Hats 
 Umbrellas &amp.
Rain Accessories 
 All Accessories 


 Backpacks 
 Handbags 
 Clutches &amp.
Evening Bags 
 Shoulder Bags 


 Diaper Bags 


 Luggage &amp.
Duffel Bags 
 Phone Cases 
 All Bags &amp.
Purses 


 Pendants 
 Chokers 
 Charm Necklaces 
 Crystal Necklaces 
 Monogram &amp.
Name Necklaces 
 Beaded Necklaces 


 Chains 
 Bib Necklaces 
 Tassel Necklaces 
 All Necklaces 


 Stackable Rings 
 Statement Rings 
 Bands 
 Signet Rings 
 Multistone Rings 
 Solitaire Rings 
 Midi Rings 


 Wedding &amp.
Engagement 
 Engagement Rings 
 Wedding Bands 
 Promise Rings 
 Bridal Sets 


 All Rings 


 Dangle &amp.
Drop Earrings 
 Stud Earrings 
 Hoop Earrings 
 Chandelier Earrings 
 Ear Jackets &amp.
Climbers 


 Cluster Earrings 
 Cuff &amp.
Wrap Earrings 
 Clip On Earrings 
 All Earrings 


 Beaded Bracelets 
 Bangles 
 Charm Bracelets 
 Woven &amp.
Braided Bracelets 


 Cuff Bracelets 
 Chain &amp.
Link Bracelets 
 All Bracelets 


 Anklets 
 Hair Jewelry 
 Nose Rings &amp.
Studs 
 Arm Bands 
 Nipple Jewelry 
 Belly Rings 


 Shoulder Jewelry 
 Toe Rings 
 Lip Rings 
 All Body Jewelry 




 Editors' Picks Jewelry gifts under $50  All Clothing &amp.
Shoes  Women's 
 Men's 
 Kids' &amp.
Baby 
 Bags &amp.
Purses 


 Women's Clothing 
 Dresses 
 Tops &amp.
Tees 
 Skirts 
 Pants &amp.
Capris 
 Sweaters 
 Shorts 
 Swimwear 




 Women's Shoes 
 Boots 


 All Women's 


 Men's Clothing 
 Shirts 
 Sweaters 
 Shorts 




 Men's Shoes 
 All Men's 


 Baby Girls' Clothing 
 Girls' Clothing 
 Dresses 
 Skirts 
 Tops 


 Baby Boys' Clothing 


 Boys' Clothing 
 Tops 


 Girls' Shoes 
 Boys' Shoes 
 All Kids' &amp.
Baby 


 Backpacks 
 Handbags 
 Clutches &amp.
Evening Bags 
 Shoulder Bags 


 Diaper Bags 


 Luggage &amp.
Duffel Bags 
 Phone Cases 
 All Bags &amp.
Purses 
 Editors' Picks Women's fashion  All Home &amp.
Living  Home 
 Bath &amp.
Beauty 
 Pet Supplies 


 Home Décor 
 Wall Décor 
 Decorative Pillows 
 Picture Frames &amp.
Displays 
 Candles &amp.
Holders 
 Clocks 
 Vases 
 Wreaths &amp.
Door Hangers 


 Rugs 
 Furniture 
 Bedding 


 Bathroom 
 Outdoor &amp.
Gardening 
 Storage &amp.
Organization 
 Office 
 Lighting 
 Kitchen &amp.
Dining 
 Food &amp.
Drink 
 Spirituality &amp.
Religion 
 All Home 


 Bath Accessories 
 Makeup &amp.
Cosmetics 
 Skin Care 
 Hair Care 
 Essential Oils 


 Fragrances 
 Soaps &amp.
Bath Bombs 
 Sex Toys 
 All Bath &amp.
Beauty 


 Pet Collars &amp.
Leashes 
 Pet Furniture 
 Pet Clothing &amp.
Shoes 
 Pet Bedding 


 Pet Carriers &amp.
Houses 
 All Pet Supplies 
 Editors' Picks Design ideas and inspiration  All Wedding &amp.
Party  Party Supplies 
 Invitations &amp.
Paper 
 Wedding Decorations 
 Wedding Gifts 
 Wedding Accessories 
 Wedding Clothing 
 Wedding Jewelry 
 All Wedding 


 Party Décor 
 Baking &amp.
Cake Decoration 


 All Party Supplies 


 Invitations &amp.
Announcements 
 Wedding Invitations 
 Wedding Invitation Kits 
 Wedding Templates 
 Save The Dates 




 Stationery 
 Greeting Cards 
 Gift Wrapping 
 All Invitations &amp.
Paper 


 Centerpieces 
 Cake Toppers 
 Serving &amp.
Dining 
 Cake Servers &amp.
Knives 
 Table Décor 


 Candles &amp.
Holders 


 Baskets &amp.
Boxes 
 Ring Bearer Pillows 
 Plants 
 All Wedding Decorations 


 Bridesmaids Gifts 
 Wedding Favors 
 Gifts For The Couple 
 Groomsmen Gifts 
 Guest Books 


 Portraits &amp.
Frames 
 Albums &amp.
Scrapbooks 
 All Wedding Gifts 


 Something Blue 
 Bouquets &amp.
Corsages 
 Veils 
 Bags &amp.
Purses 
 Cover Ups &amp.
Scarves 
 Hair Accessories 
 Barrettes &amp.
Clips 
 Decorative Combs 
 Fascinators &amp.
Mini Hats 
 Hair Jewelry 
 Hair Pins 
 Wreaths &amp.
Tiaras 




 Cummerbunds 
 Neckties 
 Umbrellas 
 Hats 
 All Wedding Accessories 


 Dresses 
 Bridal Gowns &amp.
Separates 
 Bridesmaid Dresses 
 Flower Girl Dresses 
 Mother of the Bride Dresses 




 Lingerie &amp.
Garters 
 Suits 
 All Wedding Clothing 


 Earrings 
 Rings 
 Engagement Rings 
 Wedding Bands 
 Bridal Sets 




 Necklaces 
 Bracelets 
 Jewelry Sets 
 All Wedding Jewelry 




 Editors' Picks Wedding party gifts 
 Toys 
 Baby &amp.
Toddler Toys 
 Dolls &amp.
Action Figures 
 Stuffed Animals 
 Games &amp.
Puzzles 
 Learning &amp.
School 
 Kids' Crafts 


 Electronics &amp.
Accessories 
 Cell Phone Accessories 
 Gadgets 
 Video Games 
 Decals &amp.
Skins 
 Cameras 
 Computers &amp.
Peripherals 




 Books 
 Blank Books 
 Calendars &amp.
Planners 
 Book Accessories 
 Children's Books 
 Art &amp.
Photography Books 
 Comics &amp.
Graphic Novels 
 Craft &amp.
Hobby Books 
 Literature &amp.
Fiction 
 Poetry 
 Guides &amp.
How Tos 
 Zines &amp.
Magazines 




 Movies &amp.
Music 
 Musical Instruments 
 Instrument Straps 
 Recorded Audio 
 Sheet Music 
 All Movies 
 All Music 


 All Toys &amp.
Entertainment 
 Editors' Picks Home tech accessories 
 Prints 
 Photography 
 Painting 
 Oil 
 Watercolor 
 Acrylic 




 Sculpture 
 Glass Art 
 Drawing &amp.
Illustration 
 Mixed Media &amp.
Collage 
 Fiber Arts 
 Dolls &amp.
Miniatures 


 Collectibles 
 Figurines &amp.
Knick Knacks 
 Memorabilia 
 Coins &amp.
Money 


 All Art &amp.
Collectibles 
 Editors' Picks Home gallery  All Craft Supplies &amp.
Tools  Home &amp.
Hobby 
 Jewelry &amp.
Beauty 
 Sewing &amp.
Fiber 
 Papercraft 
 Visual Arts 
 Sculpting &amp.
Forming 


 Woodworking &amp.
Carpentry 
 Home Improvement 
 Electronics &amp.
Circuitry 
 Framing 
 Doll &amp.
Model Making 
 Candle Making 


 Food &amp.
Fermenting 
 Floral &amp.
Garden Crafts 
 Gardening &amp.
Plants 
 Floral Arranging 


 All Home &amp.
Hobby 


 Jewelry Making &amp.
Beading 
 Beads 
 Cabochons 
 Charms 
 Jewelry Findings 
 Pendants 




 Makeup &amp.
Face Painting 
 All Jewelry &amp.
Beauty 


 Knitting 
 Crochet 
 Sewing 
 Quilting 


 Embroidery 
 Cross Stitch 
 All Sewing &amp.
Fiber 


 Card Making &amp.
Stationery 
 Scrapbooking 
 Bookbinding 
 Stamping 


 Origami 
 Party &amp.
Gifting 
 All Papercraft 


 Painting 
 Printing &amp.
Printmaking 
 Drawing &amp.
Drafting 
 Photography 


 Collage 
 Calligraphy &amp.
Pens 
 All Visual Arts 


 Ceramics &amp.
Pottery 
 Metalworking 
 Carving &amp.
Whittling 


 All Sculpting &amp.
Forming 
 Making It Shop the NBC show &lt;div id="javascript-nag" class="notice alert alert-warning notice"&gt.
&lt;div class="alert-message pt-xs-2 pb-xs-2"&gt.
Take full advantage of our site features by enabling JavaScript.
&lt;a class="link-gray-darker" href="https://www.etsy.com/help/article/372"&gt;Learn more&lt;/a&gt.
&lt;/div&gt.
&lt;/div&gt.
Our House Rules Get to know Etsy's legal terms and policies Our House Rules Our House Rules / Terms of Use 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 
 Buyers 
 Sellers 
 Third parties 
 Terms of Use Welcome to Etsy.
We’re so glad you’re here.
Make yourself comfortable and have a good time, but please follow our house rules.
1.
Accepting These Terms2.
Those Other Documents We Mentioned3.
Your Privacy4.
Your Account with Etsy5.
Your Content6.
Your Use of Our Services7.
Termination8.
Warranties and Limitation of Liability (or the Things You Can’t Sue Us For)9.
Indemnification (or What Happens If You Get Us Sued)10.
Disputes with Other Users11.
Disputes with Etsy12.
Changes to the Terms13.
Some Finer Legal Points14.
Contact Information 
1.
Accepting These Terms

This document and the other documents that we reference below make up our house rules, or what we officially call our Terms of Use (the “Terms” for short).

The Terms are a legally binding contract between you and Etsy (actually, if you live in North America or South America, the contract is between you and Etsy, Inc..
if you live elsewhere, the contract is between you and Etsy Ireland UC, a subsidiary of Etsy, Inc..
but we’ll just refer to Etsy, Inc.
and all of its subsidiaries collectively as “Etsy”).

Please note that Section 11.
Disputes with Etsy, contains an arbitration clause and class action waiver.
By agreeing to the Terms, you agree to resolve all disputes through binding individual arbitration, which means that you waive any right to have those disputes decided by a judge or jury, and that you waive your right to participate in class actions, class arbitrations, or representative actions.

This contract sets out your rights and responsibilities when you use Etsy.com, EtsyStudio.com, Pattern by Etsy, our mobile apps, and the other services provided by Etsy (we’ll refer to Etsy.com, EtsyStudio.com, Pattern by Etsy, our mobile apps and other services as our “Services”), so please read it carefully.
By using any of our Services (even just browsing one of our websites), you’re agreeing to the Terms.
If you don’t agree with the Terms, you may not use our Services.
You with us? Great, read on!
2.
Those Other Documents We Mentioned
Etsy’s Services connect people around the world, both online and offline, to make, sell, and buy unique goods.
Here’s a handy guide to help you understand the specific rules that are relevant for you, depending on how you use the Services:
Our House Rules for Everyone.
If you use any of our Services, you agree to these Terms, our Privacy Policy, and our Anti-Discrimination Policy.

Our House Rules for Sellers.
If you list any items for sale through our Services, these policies apply to you.
You can read them here.


Our House Rules for Buyers.
If you use our Services to browse or shop, these policies apply to you.
You can read them here.

Our House Rules for Third Parties.
These policies apply to:

Intellectual property owners
Anyone requesting information from Etsy
Etsy API users
Affiliates

All of these policies are a part of our Terms, so be sure to read the ones that are relevant for you.
Of course, you’ll still want to read the rest of this document because it applies to everyone!
3.
Your Privacy
We know your personal information is important to you, so it’s important to us.
Our Privacy Policy details how your information is used when you use our Services.
By using our Services, you're also agreeing that we can process your information in the ways set out in the Privacy Policy, so please read it here.
Both Etsy and sellers process members’ personal information (for example, buyer name, email address, and shipping address) and are therefore considered separate and independent data controllers of buyers’ personal information under EU law.
That means that each party is responsible for the personal information it processes in providing the Services.
For example, if a seller accidentally discloses a buyer’s name and email address when fulfilling another buyer’s order, the seller, not Etsy, will be responsible for that unauthorized disclosure.
 
If, however, Etsy and sellers are found to be joint data controllers of buyers’ personal information, and if Etsy is sued, fined, or otherwise incurs expenses because of something that you did as a joint data controller of buyer personal information, you agree to indemnify Etsy for the expenses it occurs in connection with your processing of buyer personal information.
See Section 9.
Indemnification (or What Happens If You Get Us Sued) below for more information about your indemnification obligations to Etsy.
4.
Your Account with Etsy
You’ll need to create an account with Etsy to use some of our Services.
Here are a few rules about accounts with Etsy:

A.
You must be 18 or older to use our Services. Minors under 18 and at least 13 years of age are only permitted to use our Services through an account owned by a parent or legal guardian with their appropriate permission and under their direct supervision.
Children under 13 are not permitted to use Etsy or the Services.
You are responsible for any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your account.
For more information, see Etsy's Minors Policy.

B.
Be honest with us. Provide accurate information about yourself.
It’s not OK to use false information or impersonate another person or company through your account.

C.
Choose an appropriate name. If you decide to not have your full name serve as the name associated with your account, you may not use language that is offensive, vulgar, or infringes someone’s intellectual property rights, or otherwise violates the Terms.


D.
You are responsible for your account. You’re solely responsible for any activity on your account.
If you’re sharing an account with other people, then the person whose billing information is on the account will ultimately be responsible for all activity.
If you’re registering as a business entity, you personally guarantee that you have the authority to agree to the Terms on behalf of the business.
Also, your accounts are not transferable.

E.
Protect your password. As we mentioned above, you’re solely responsible for any activity on your account, so it’s important to keep your account password secure.
Here’s a Help article on how to make your account more secure.

F.
Let's be clear about our relationship. These Terms don't create any agency, partnership, joint venture, employment, or franchisee relationship between you and Etsy.
This detailed Help article should answer any questions you have about registering an account with Etsy.

5.
Your Content
Content that you post using our Services is your content (so let’s refer to it as “Your Content”).
We don’t make any claim to it.
That includes anything you post using our Services (like shop names, profile pictures, listing photos, listing descriptions, reviews, comments, videos, usernames, etc.).

A.
Responsibility for Your Content. You understand that you are solely responsible for Your Content.
You represent that you have all necessary rights to Your Content and that you’re not infringing or violating any third party’s rights by posting it.

B.
Permission to Use Your Content.
By posting Your Content through our Services, you grant Etsy a license to use it.
We don’t claim any ownership to Your Content, but we have your permission to use it to help Etsy function and grow.
That way, we won’t infringe any rights you have in Your Content and we can help promote your stuff.

C.
Rights You Grant Etsy. (Here’s the legalese version of the last section).
By posting Your Content, you grant Etsy a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, sub-licensable, perpetual license to use, display, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, store, and prepare derivative works of Your Content.
This allows us to provide the Services and to promote Etsy, your Etsy shop, or the Services in general, in any formats and through any channels, including across any Etsy Services, our partners, or third-party website or advertising medium.
You agree not to assert any moral rights or rights of publicity against us for using Your Content.
You also recognize our legitimate interest in using it, in accordance with this license, to the extent Your Content contains any personal information.

That sounds like a lot, but it’s necessary for us to keep Etsy going.
Consider these examples: if you upload a photo of a listing on your Etsy shop, first, we have permission to display it to buyers, and second, we can resize it so it looks good to a buyer using our mobile app.
if you post a description in English, we can translate it into French so a buyer in Paris can learn the story behind your item.
and if you post a beautiful photo of your latest handmade necklace, we can feature it on our homepage, in one of our blogs or even on a billboard to help promote your business and Etsy’s.

D.
Reporting Unauthorized Content. Etsy has great respect for intellectual property rights, and is committed to following appropriate legal procedures to remove infringing content from the Services.
If content that you own or have rights to has been posted to the Services without your permission and you want it removed, please follow the steps listed in our Intellectual Property Policy.
If Your Content infringes another person’s intellectual property, we will remove it if we receive proper notice.
We’ll notify you if that happens.

E.
Inappropriate, False, or Misleading Content. This should be common sense, but there are certain types of content we don’t want posted on Etsy’s Services (for legal reasons or otherwise).
You agree that you will not post any content that is abusive, threatening, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, or otherwise offensive or in violation of our Prohibited Items Policy, Community Policy, or any part of our Terms.
You also agree not to post any content that is false and misleading or uses the Services in a manner that is fraudulent or deceptive.
6.
Your Use of Our Services

License to Use Our Services. We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and revocable license to use our Services—subject to the Terms and the following restrictions in particular:



A.
Don’t Use Our Services to Break the Law. You agree that you will not violate any laws in connection with your use of the Services.
This includes any local, state, federal, and international laws that may apply to you.
For example, it’s your responsibility to obtain any permits or licenses that your shop requires.
you may not sell anything that violates any laws.
you must comply with our Sanctions Policy and don’t engage in fraud, theft, anti-competitive conduct, threatening conduct, or any other unlawful acts or crimes against Etsy, another Etsy user, or a third party.



B.
Pay Your Bills. You are responsible for paying all fees that you owe to Etsy.
Except as set forth below, you are also solely responsible for collecting and/or paying any applicable taxes for any purchases or sales you make through our Services.
For digital items sold to buyers in Australia, Belarus, the EU, Iceland, India, New Zealand, Norway, Russia, Serbia, South Africa, South Korea, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey or United Arab Emirates, Etsy will help collect and remit the correct amount of VAT (while some countries may refer to VAT using other terms, e.g.
GST, we’ll just refer to VAT, GST and any local sales taxes collectively as “VAT”).
In addition, for items shipped to Washington State or Pennsylvania (or, for digital items, those purchased with a Washington State or Pennsylvania billing address), Etsy will calculate, collect and remit the applicable sales tax.
Your fees, bills, taxes, and how you can pay them are fully explained in our Fees &amp.
Payments Policy.




C.
Don’t Steal Our Stuff. You agree not to “crawl,” “scrape,” or “spider” any page of the Services or to reverse engineer or attempt to obtain the source code of the Services.
If you want to use our API, please follow our API Terms of Use.



D.
Don’t Try to Harm Our Systems. You agree not to interfere with or try to disrupt our Services, for example by distributing a virus or other harmful computer code.



E.
Follow Our Trademark Policy. The names “Etsy” and "Etsy Studio," and the other Etsy marks, phrases, logos, and designs that we use in connection with our Services, are trademarks, service marks, or trade dress of Etsy in the US and other countries.
If you’d like to use our trademarks, please follow our Trademark Policy.



F.
Share Your Ideas. We love your suggestions and ideas! They can help us improve your experience and our Services.
Any unsolicited ideas or other materials you submit to Etsy (not including Your Content or items you sell through our Services) are considered non-confidential and non-proprietary to you.
You grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, sub-licensable, perpetual license to use and publish those ideas and materials for any purpose, without compensation to you.


G.
Talk to Us Online. Etsy will provide you with certain legal information in writing.
By using our Services, you’re agreeing to our Electronic Communications Policy, which describes how we provide that information to you.
It says that we can send you information electronically (by email, etc.) instead of mailing you paper copies (it’s better for the environment), and that your electronic agreement is the same as your signature on paper.
7.
Termination

Termination By You. We'd hate to see you go, but you may terminate your account with Etsy at any time from your account settings.
You can find more information in this Help article.
Terminating your account will not affect the availability of some of Your Content that you posted through the Services prior to termination.
Oh, and you’ll still have to pay any outstanding bills.

Termination By Etsy. We may terminate or suspend your account (and any related accounts) and your access to the Services at any time, for any reason, and without advance notice.
If we do so, it’s important to understand that you don’t have a contractual or legal right to continue to use our Services, for example, to sell or buy on our websites or mobile apps.
Etsy may refuse service to anyone, at any time, for any reason.
If you or Etsy terminate your account, you may lose any information associated with your account, including Your Content.

We May Discontinue the Services. Etsy reserves the right to change, suspend, or discontinue any of the Services at any time, for any reason.
We will not be liable to you for the effect that any changes to the Services may have on you, including your income or your ability to generate revenue through the Services.

Survival. The Terms will remain in effect even after your access to the Service is terminated, or your use of the Service ends.
8.
Warranties and Limitation of Liability (or the Things You Can’t Sue Us For)

Items You Purchase. You understand that Etsy does not manufacture, store, or inspect any of the items sold through our Services.
We provide the venue.
the items in our marketplaces are produced, listed, and sold directly by independent sellers, so Etsy cannot and does not make any warranties about their quality, safety, or even their legality.
Any legal claim related to an item you purchase must be brought directly against the seller of the item.
You release Etsy from any claims related to items sold through our Services, including for defective items, misrepresentations by sellers, or items that caused physical injury (like product liability claims).

Content You Access. You may come across materials that you find offensive or inappropriate while using our Services.
We make no representations concerning any content posted by users through the Services.
Etsy is not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of content posted by users that you accessed through the Services.
You release us from all liability relating to that content.

People You Interact With. You can use the Services to interact with other individuals, either online or in person.
However, you understand that we do not screen users of our Services, and you release us from all liability relating to your interactions with other users.
Please be careful and exercise caution and good judgment in all interactions with others, especially if you are meeting someone in person.
This Help article has some good advice about handling in person meetings.

Third-Party Services. Our Services may contain links to third-party websites or services that we don’t own or control (for example, links to Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest).
You may also need to use a third party’s product or service in order to use some of our Services (like a compatible mobile device to use our mobile apps).
When you access these third-party services, you do so at your own risk.
The third parties may require you to accept their own terms of use.
Etsy is not a party to those agreements.
they are solely between you and the third party.

Gift Cards and Promotions. You acknowledge that Etsy does not make any warranties with respect to your Gift Card balance and is not responsible for any unauthorized access to, or alteration, theft, or destruction of a Gift Card or Gift Card code that results from any action by you or a third party.
You also acknowledge that we may suspend or prohibit use of your Gift Card if your Gift Card or Gift Card code has been reported lost or stolen, or if we believe your Gift Card balance is being used suspiciously, fraudulently, or in an otherwise unauthorized manner.
If your Gift Card code stops working, your only remedy is for us to issue you a replacement Gift Card code.
By participating in a special offer or promotion, you agree that you may not later claim that the rules of that special offer or promotion were ambiguous.

Warranties. Etsy is dedicated to making our Services the best they can be, but we’re not perfect and sometimes things can go wrong.
You understand that our Services are provided “as is” and without any kind of warranty (express or implied).
We are expressly disclaiming any warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose, as well as any warranties implied by a course of performance, course of dealing, or usage of trade.
We do not guarantee that: (i) the Services will be secure or available at any particular time or location.
(ii) any defects or errors will be corrected.
(iii) the Services will be free of viruses or other harmful materials.
or (iv) the results of using the Services will meet your expectations.
You use the Services solely at your own risk.
Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.

Liability Limits. To the fullest extent permitted by law, neither Etsy, nor our employees or directors shall be liable to you for any lost profits or revenues, or for any consequential, incidental, indirect, special, or punitive damages arising out of or in connection with the Services or these Terms.
In no event shall Etsy’s aggregate liability for any damages exceed the greater of one hundred ($100) US Dollars or the amount you paid Etsy in the past twelve months.
Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations may not apply to you.9.
Indemnification (or What Happens If You Get Us Sued)
We hope this never happens, but if Etsy gets sued because of something that you did, you agree to defend and indemnify us.
That means you’ll defend Etsy (including any of our employees) and hold us harmless from any legal claim or demand (including reasonable attorney’s fees) that arises from your actions, your use (or misuse) of our Services, your breach of the Terms, or your account’s infringement of someone else’s rights.
We reserve the right to handle our legal defense however we see fit, even if you are indemnifying us, in which case you agree to cooperate with us so we can execute our strategy.
10.
Disputes with Other Users
If you find yourself in a dispute with another user of Etsy’s Services or a third party, we encourage you to contact the other party and try to resolve the dispute amicably.

Case System. Buyers and sellers who are unable to resolve a dispute related to a transaction on our websites or mobile apps may participate in our case system.
You can find details about the case system in this Help article.
Etsy will attempt to help you resolve disputes in good faith and based solely on our interpretation of our policies, in our sole discretion.
we will not make judgments regarding legal issues or claims.
Etsy has no obligation to resolve any disputes.

Release of Etsy. You release Etsy from any claims, demands, and damages arising out of disputes with other users or parties.
11.
Disputes with Etsy
If you’re upset with us, let us know, and hopefully we can resolve your issue.
But if we can’t, then these rules will govern any legal dispute involving our Services:

A.
Governing Law. The Terms are governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws rules, and the laws of the United States of America.
These laws will apply no matter where in the world you live, but if you live outside of the United States, you may be entitled to the protection of the mandatory consumer protection provisions of your local consumer protection law.

B.
Arbitration. You and Etsy agree that any dispute or claim arising from or relating to the Terms shall be finally settled by final and binding arbitration, using the English language, administered by the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”) under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (the "AAA Rules") then in effect (those rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this section, and as of the date of these Terms you can find the AAA Rules here).
Arbitration will be handled by a sole arbitrator in accordance with those rules.
Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court that has jurisdiction.
Any arbitration under the Terms will take place on an individual basis--class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
You understand that by agreeing to the Terms, you and Etsy are each waiving the right to trial by jury or to participate in a class action or class arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party shall have the right to bring an action in a court of proper jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable or conservatory relief, pending a final decision by the arbitrator.
You may instead assert your claim in “small claims” court, but only if your claim qualifies, your claim remains in such court, and your claim remains on an individual, non-representative, and non-class basis.

C.
Costs of Arbitration. Payment for any and all reasonable AAA filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees will be in accordance with the Consumer Arbitration Rules.
If the value of your claim does not exceed $10,000, Etsy will pay for the reasonable filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration, unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought was frivolous or brought for an improper purpose.

D.
Forum. We’re based in Brooklyn, New York, so any legal action against Etsy related to our Services must be filed and take place in Brooklyn.
For all actions under the AAA Rules, the proceedings will be in Brooklyn, NY, or otherwise conducted at a location which is reasonably convenient to both parties taking into account their ability to travel and other pertinent circumstances under the AAA Rules.
For any actions not subject to arbitration, you (where your contract is with Etsy, Inc.) and Etsy agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of a state court located in Kings County, New York or the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, or (where your contract is with Etsy Ireland UC) you and Etsy agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland.

E.
Government Exception. If you are a government agent or entity in the United States using the Services in your official capacity, and you are legally unable to agree to the clauses in this section, then those clauses do not apply to you.
In that case, the Terms and any action related to the Terms will be governed by the laws of the United States (without reference to conflict of laws) and, in the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the laws of the State of New York.

F.
Modifications. If we make any changes to this “Disputes with Etsy” section after the date you last accepted the Terms, those changes will not apply to any claims filed in a legal proceeding against Etsy prior to the date the changes became effective.
Etsy will notify you of substantive changes to the “Disputes with Etsy” section at least 30 days prior to the date the change will become effective.
If you do not agree to the modified terms, you may send Etsy a written notification (including email) or close your account within those 30 days.
By rejecting a modified term or permanently closing your account, you agree to arbitrate any disputes between you and Etsy in accordance with the provisions of this “Disputes with Etsy” section as of the date you last accepted the Terms, including any changes made prior to your rejection.
If you reopen your closed account or create a new account, you agree to be bound by the current version of the Terms.
12.
Changes to the Terms
We may update these Terms from time to time.
If we believe that the changes are material, we’ll definitely let you know by doing one (or more) of the following: (1) posting the changes through the Services or (2) sending you an email or message about the changes.
That way you can decide whether you want to continue using the Services.
Changes will be effective upon the posting of the changes.
You are responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any changes.
Your use of the Services following the changes constitutes your acceptance of the updated Terms.
13.
Some Finer Legal Points
The Terms, including all of the policies that make up the Terms, supersede any other agreement between you and Etsy regarding the Services.
If any part of the Terms is found to be unenforceable, that part will be limited to the minimum extent necessary so that the Terms will otherwise remain in full force and effect.
Our failure to enforce any part of the Terms is not a waiver of our right to later enforce that or any other part of the Terms.
We may assign any of our rights and obligations under the Terms.
14.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about the Terms, please email us at: legal@etsy.com.
Last updated on May 23, 2018 Footer Get fresh Etsy trends and unique gift ideas delivered right to your inbox. Subscribe  Please enter a valid email address.

 Looks like you already have an account! Please Log in to subscribe.

 You've already signed up for some newsletters, but you haven't confirmed your address.
Register to confirm your address.

 You've been successfully signed up! 
 Great! We've sent you an email to confirm your subscription.

 There was a problem subscribing you to this newsletter.
 Shop 
 Gift cards 
 Etsy blog 
 Sell 
 Sell on Etsy 
 Teams 
 Forums 
 About 
 Etsy, Inc.

 Policies 
 Investors 
 Careers 
 Press 
 Follow Etsy 
 Facebook 
 Instagram 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 Need help? Visit the help center 








 US United States English (US) $ (USD) Etsy Etsy We make it easy to find your thing.
© 2018 Etsy, Inc.

 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Interest-based ads 
 Update your settings  Set where you live, what language you speak, and the currency you use.
Learn more.
 Region: Region Australia Canada France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Japan New Zealand Poland Portugal Russia Spain The Netherlands United Kingdom United States Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Republic of Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar (Burma) Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand The Netherlands Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay U.S.
Virgin Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire (Democratic Republic of Congo) Zambia Zimbabwe Language: Language Deutsch English (UK) English (US) Español Français Italiano 日本語 Nederlands Polski Português Русский Currency: Currency $ United States Dollar (USD) $ Canadian Dollar (CAD) € Euro (EUR) £ British Pound (GBP) $ Australian Dollar (AUD) ¥ Japanese Yen (JPY) Kč Czech Koruna (CZK) kr Danish Krone (DKK) $ Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) Ft Hungarian Forint (HUF) ₪ Israeli Shekel (ILS) RM Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) $ Mexican Peso (MXN) $ New Zealand Dollar (NZD) kr Norwegian Krone (NOK) ₱ Philippine Peso (PHP) $ Singapore Dollar (SGD) kr Swedish Krona (SEK) Swiss Franc (CHF) ฿ Thai Baht (THB) NT$ Taiwan New Dollar (TWD) zł Polish Zloty (PLN) R$ Brazilian Real (BRL) Save Start typing the name of a page.
Hit ESC to close, Enter to select the first result.

 &lt;img height="1" width="1" style="display:none;" alt="" src="https://ct.pinterest.com/v3/?tid=2612477536450&amp;amp;noscript=1"&gt.
&lt;img height="1" width="1" style="display:none;" alt="" src="https://ct.pinterest.com/v3/?tid=2612477536450&amp;amp;event=pagevisit&amp;amp;noscript=1"&gt.
  &lt;iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KWW5SS" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt.
Close Beginning of a dialog window, including tabbed navigation to register an account or sign in to an existing account.
Both registration and sign in support using google and facebook accounts.
Escape will close this window.

 Register 
 Sign in 
 Get started 
 Continue with Facebook Continue with Google  We'll never post without your permission.
 OR Enter your email 
 Have an account? Sign in 
 Just one more step… Create your Etsy password Create Your Etsy Account Continue with Facebook Continue with Google  We'll never post without your permission.
 OR First Name Email Password Confirm Password 

 By clicking Register, you agree to Etsy's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Etsy may send you communications.
you may change your preferences in your account settings.



 Uh oh! You need to have cookies enabled to sign in.
 Welcome back Nice—you already have an Etsy account. Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google OR Email or Username Password Stay signed in 

Forgot your password?
Forgot your username or email?
Reopen your account? Etsy Search Search for items or shops Search Skip to Content 
 Sell on Etsy Sell 
 Register 
 Sign in 
 Cart Cart 0 


 Jewelry &amp.
Accessories 
 Clothing &amp.
Shoes 
 Home &amp.
Living 
 Wedding &amp.
Party 
 Toys &amp.
Entertainment 
 Art &amp.
Collectibles 
 Craft Supplies &amp.
Tools 
 Vintage 

 All Jewelry &amp.
Accessories  Accessories 
 Bags &amp.
Purses 
 Necklaces 
 Rings 
 Earrings 
 Bracelets 
 Body Jewelry 
 All Jewelry 


 Hats &amp.
Caps 
 Hair Accessories 
 Headbands 
 Fascinators &amp.
Mini Hats 


 Sunglasses &amp.
Eyewear 
 Scarves &amp.
Wraps 


 Belts &amp.
Suspenders 
 Keychains &amp.
Lanyards 
 Sun Hats 
 Umbrellas &amp.
Rain Accessories 
 All Accessories 


 Backpacks 
 Handbags 
 Clutches &amp.
Evening Bags 
 Shoulder Bags 


 Diaper Bags 


 Luggage &amp.
Duffel Bags 
 Phone Cases 
 All Bags &amp.
Purses 


 Pendants 
 Chokers 
 Charm Necklaces 
 Crystal Necklaces 
 Monogram &amp.
Name Necklaces 
 Beaded Necklaces 


 Chains 
 Bib Necklaces 
 Tassel Necklaces 
 All Necklaces 


 Stackable Rings 
 Statement Rings 
 Bands 
 Signet Rings 
 Multistone Rings 
 Solitaire Rings 
 Midi Rings 


 Wedding &amp.
Engagement 
 Engagement Rings 
 Wedding Bands 
 Promise Rings 
 Bridal Sets 


 All Rings 


 Dangle &amp.
Drop Earrings 
 Stud Earrings 
 Hoop Earrings 
 Chandelier Earrings 
 Ear Jackets &amp.
Climbers 


 Cluster Earrings 
 Cuff &amp.
Wrap Earrings 
 Clip On Earrings 
 All Earrings 


 Beaded Bracelets 
 Bangles 
 Charm Bracelets 
 Woven &amp.
Braided Bracelets 


 Cuff Bracelets 
 Chain &amp.
Link Bracelets 
 All Bracelets 


 Anklets 
 Hair Jewelry 
 Nose Rings &amp.
Studs 
 Arm Bands 
 Nipple Jewelry 
 Belly Rings 


 Shoulder Jewelry 
 Toe Rings 
 Lip Rings 
 All Body Jewelry 




 Editors' Picks Jewelry gifts under $50  All Clothing &amp.
Shoes  Women's 
 Men's 
 Kids' &amp.
Baby 
 Bags &amp.
Purses 


 Women's Clothing 
 Dresses 
 Tops &amp.
Tees 
 Skirts 
 Pants &amp.
Capris 
 Sweaters 
 Shorts 
 Swimwear 




 Women's Shoes 
 Boots 


 All Women's 


 Men's Clothing 
 Shirts 
 Sweaters 
 Shorts 




 Men's Shoes 
 All Men's 


 Baby Girls' Clothing 
 Girls' Clothing 
 Dresses 
 Skirts 
 Tops 


 Baby Boys' Clothing 


 Boys' Clothing 
 Tops 


 Girls' Shoes 
 Boys' Shoes 
 All Kids' &amp.
Baby 


 Backpacks 
 Handbags 
 Clutches &amp.
Evening Bags 
 Shoulder Bags 


 Diaper Bags 


 Luggage &amp.
Duffel Bags 
 Phone Cases 
 All Bags &amp.
Purses 
 Editors' Picks Women's fashion  All Home &amp.
Living  Home 
 Bath &amp.
Beauty 
 Pet Supplies 


 Home Décor 
 Wall Décor 
 Decorative Pillows 
 Picture Frames &amp.
Displays 
 Candles &amp.
Holders 
 Clocks 
 Vases 
 Wreaths &amp.
Door Hangers 


 Rugs 
 Furniture 
 Bedding 


 Bathroom 
 Outdoor &amp.
Gardening 
 Storage &amp.
Organization 
 Office 
 Lighting 
 Kitchen &amp.
Dining 
 Food &amp.
Drink 
 Spirituality &amp.
Religion 
 All Home 


 Bath Accessories 
 Makeup &amp.
Cosmetics 
 Skin Care 
 Hair Care 
 Essential Oils 


 Fragrances 
 Soaps &amp.
Bath Bombs 
 Sex Toys 
 All Bath &amp.
Beauty 


 Pet Collars &amp.
Leashes 
 Pet Furniture 
 Pet Clothing &amp.
Shoes 
 Pet Bedding 


 Pet Carriers &amp.
Houses 
 All Pet Supplies 
 Editors' Picks Design ideas and inspiration  All Wedding &amp.
Party  Party Supplies 
 Invitations &amp.
Paper 
 Wedding Decorations 
 Wedding Gifts 
 Wedding Accessories 
 Wedding Clothing 
 Wedding Jewelry 
 All Wedding 


 Party Décor 
 Baking &amp.
Cake Decoration 


 All Party Supplies 


 Invitations &amp.
Announcements 
 Wedding Invitations 
 Wedding Invitation Kits 
 Wedding Templates 
 Save The Dates 




 Stationery 
 Greeting Cards 
 Gift Wrapping 
 All Invitations &amp.
Paper 


 Centerpieces 
 Cake Toppers 
 Serving &amp.
Dining 
 Cake Servers &amp.
Knives 
 Table Décor 


 Candles &amp.
Holders 


 Baskets &amp.
Boxes 
 Ring Bearer Pillows 
 Plants 
 All Wedding Decorations 


 Bridesmaids Gifts 
 Wedding Favors 
 Gifts For The Couple 
 Groomsmen Gifts 
 Guest Books 


 Portraits &amp.
Frames 
 Albums &amp.
Scrapbooks 
 All Wedding Gifts 


 Something Blue 
 Bouquets &amp.
Corsages 
 Veils 
 Bags &amp.
Purses 
 Cover Ups &amp.
Scarves 
 Hair Accessories 
 Barrettes &amp.
Clips 
 Decorative Combs 
 Fascinators &amp.
Mini Hats 
 Hair Jewelry 
 Hair Pins 
 Wreaths &amp.
Tiaras 




 Cummerbunds 
 Neckties 
 Umbrellas 
 Hats 
 All Wedding Accessories 


 Dresses 
 Bridal Gowns &amp.
Separates 
 Bridesmaid Dresses 
 Flower Girl Dresses 
 Mother of the Bride Dresses 




 Lingerie &amp.
Garters 
 Suits 
 All Wedding Clothing 


 Earrings 
 Rings 
 Engagement Rings 
 Wedding Bands 
 Bridal Sets 




 Necklaces 
 Bracelets 
 Jewelry Sets 
 All Wedding Jewelry 




 Editors' Picks Wedding party gifts 
 Toys 
 Baby &amp.
Toddler Toys 
 Dolls &amp.
Action Figures 
 Stuffed Animals 
 Games &amp.
Puzzles 
 Learning &amp.
School 
 Kids' Crafts 


 Electronics &amp.
Accessories 
 Cell Phone Accessories 
 Gadgets 
 Video Games 
 Decals &amp.
Skins 
 Cameras 
 Computers &amp.
Peripherals 




 Books 
 Blank Books 
 Calendars &amp.
Planners 
 Book Accessories 
 Children's Books 
 Art &amp.
Photography Books 
 Comics &amp.
Graphic Novels 
 Craft &amp.
Hobby Books 
 Literature &amp.
Fiction 
 Poetry 
 Guides &amp.
How Tos 
 Zines &amp.
Magazines 




 Movies &amp.
Music 
 Musical Instruments 
 Instrument Straps 
 Recorded Audio 
 Sheet Music 
 All Movies 
 All Music 


 All Toys &amp.
Entertainment 
 Editors' Picks Home tech accessories 
 Prints 
 Photography 
 Painting 
 Oil 
 Watercolor 
 Acrylic 




 Sculpture 
 Glass Art 
 Drawing &amp.
Illustration 
 Mixed Media &amp.
Collage 
 Fiber Arts 
 Dolls &amp.
Miniatures 


 Collectibles 
 Figurines &amp.
Knick Knacks 
 Memorabilia 
 Coins &amp.
Money 


 All Art &amp.
Collectibles 
 Editors' Picks Home gallery  All Craft Supplies &amp.
Tools  Home &amp.
Hobby 
 Jewelry &amp.
Beauty 
 Sewing &amp.
Fiber 
 Papercraft 
 Visual Arts 
 Sculpting &amp.
Forming 


 Woodworking &amp.
Carpentry 
 Home Improvement 
 Electronics &amp.
Circuitry 
 Framing 
 Doll &amp.
Model Making 
 Candle Making 


 Food &amp.
Fermenting 
 Floral &amp.
Garden Crafts 
 Gardening &amp.
Plants 
 Floral Arranging 


 All Home &amp.
Hobby 


 Jewelry Making &amp.
Beading 
 Beads 
 Cabochons 
 Charms 
 Jewelry Findings 
 Pendants 




 Makeup &amp.
Face Painting 
 All Jewelry &amp.
Beauty 


 Knitting 
 Crochet 
 Sewing 
 Quilting 


 Embroidery 
 Cross Stitch 
 All Sewing &amp.
Fiber 


 Card Making &amp.
Stationery 
 Scrapbooking 
 Bookbinding 
 Stamping 


 Origami 
 Party &amp.
Gifting 
 All Papercraft 


 Painting 
 Printing &amp.
Printmaking 
 Drawing &amp.
Drafting 
 Photography 


 Collage 
 Calligraphy &amp.
Pens 
 All Visual Arts 


 Ceramics &amp.
Pottery 
 Metalworking 
 Carving &amp.
Whittling 


 All Sculpting &amp.
Forming 
 Making It Shop the NBC show &lt;div id="javascript-nag" class="notice alert alert-warning notice"&gt.
&lt;div class="alert-message pt-xs-2 pb-xs-2"&gt.
Take full advantage of our site features by enabling JavaScript.
&lt;a class="link-gray-darker" href="https://www.etsy.com/help/article/372"&gt;Learn more&lt;/a&gt.
&lt;/div&gt.
&lt;/div&gt.
Our House Rules Get to know Etsy's legal terms and policies Our House Rules Our House Rules / Privacy Policy 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 
 Buyers 
 Sellers 
 Third parties 
 Privacy Policy At Etsy, we care deeply about privacy.
We believe in transparency, and we’re committed to being upfront about our privacy practices, including how we treat your personal information.
We know you care about your privacy too, so we provide settings that allow you to choose how certain information is used by Etsy.
This policy explains our privacy practices for Etsy.com and EtsyStudio.com (we’ll refer to Etsy.com and EtsyStudio.com collectively as the "Site"), Etsy’s mobile applications (the "Apps"), Pattern by Etsy, Etsy Payments, Etsy’s public Application Program Interface (the “API”), and our other services provided by Etsy, Inc.
or Etsy Ireland UC, depending on your location ("Etsy," together with "we," "us," and "our").
We'll refer to the Site, the Apps, Pattern by Etsy, Etsy Payments, the API, and our other services as the "Services." If you are located outside of North America and South America, Etsy Ireland UC is the data controller and is responsible for your personal information.
1.
Accepting the Privacy Policy2.
Information Collected or Received3.
Choice &amp.
Control4.
Findability5.
Messages from Etsy6.
Community7.
Information Uses, Sharing &amp.
Disclosure8.
Transfers9.
Security10.
Retention11.
Your Rights12.
Your Responsibilities13.
Withdrawing Consent14.
Privacy Policy Changes15.
Contact 
1.
Accepting the Privacy Policy
We need to process your personal information to run our business and provide you with the Services.
By accepting our Terms of Use, you are confirming that you have read and understand this policy including how and why we use your information.
If you don’t want us to collect or process your personal information in the ways described in this policy, you shouldn’t use the Services.
We are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies or practices of any of our members, websites hosted through Pattern by Etsy, third-party websites, or third-party apps.
Etsy’s Terms of Use require all account owners to be at least 18 years of age.
Minors under 18 years of age and at least 13 years of age are permitted to use Etsy's Services only if they have the appropriate permission and direct supervision by the owner of the account.
Children under age 13 are not permitted to use Etsy or the Services.
You are responsible for any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your account.
By using the Services, you acknowledge that Etsy will use your information in the United States, Ireland and any other country where Etsy operates.
Please be aware that the privacy laws and standards in certain countries, including the rights of authorities to access your personal information, may differ from those that apply in the country in which you reside.
We will transfer personal information only to these countries to which we are permitted by law to transfer personal information, and we will take steps to ensure that your personal information continues to enjoy appropriate protections.
Please read on to learn more about how we protect personal information that’s transferred outside of Europe.
2.
Information Collected or Received
In the course of providing our Services, we collect or receive your personal information in a few different ways.
Often, you choose what information to provide, but sometimes we require certain information for you to use and for us to provide you the Services.

Registration, Account Setup, Service Usage: In order to use the Services, you need to provide us with a valid email address, and for Services that require registration, a name associated with your account that you can choose and that represents your identity on Etsy.
You may review, change, or remove that name through your account settings.
You need to provide this information to enable us to provide you with the Services.
Depending on which services you choose to use, additional information, such as a shop name, billing and payment information (including billing contact name, address, telephone number, credit card information), a telephone number, and/or a physical postal address, may be necessary in order for us to provide a particular service.
You are not required to provide us with this information to sign up, but we will need it to provide certain services.
For example, we need a physical postal address if you are buying something on the Site for delivery.
As an Etsy seller, if you choose to use our payment service ("Etsy Payments"), Etsy may require information such as your full name, social security number, identification ID or tax ID, date of birth, bank account information, credit card information, and/or other proof of identification in order to verify your identity and provide this service to you and to comply with applicable law.
We may need to store credit card information (or arrange for it to be stored) and use it for both billing and payment purposes.
Depending on your local jurisdiction, you can also choose to allow us to save your credit card information to facilitate the checkout process for future purchases.
Etsy may contact individual shop owners confidentially to request more information about their shops or items listed through the Services, or to ensure compliance with our rules and applicable law.
In order to use certain products or services on Etsy, you may be required to complete an application.
information that you submit through the application processes will not be displayed publicly and will only be used internally by Etsy, unless otherwise specified.

Profile: You may provide your name and other personal information (such as birthday, gender, location) in connection with your account and activity.
You can edit or remove this information through your account settings.

The name associated with your account, which you may review and change in your account settings, is publicly displayed and connected to your Etsy activity.
Other people may see the date you joined.
ratings, reviews and related photos for items you purchased or sold.
your profile information.
items you listed for sale.
your shop pages and policies.
your Favorites, followers, and those you follow.
sold item listings and the number of items sold.
comments you post in our community spaces.
and information you decide to share via social networks.


Automated Information: Etsy automatically receives and records information from your browser or your mobile device when you visit the Site or use the Apps or use certain other Services, such as your IP address or unique device identifier, cookies and data about which pages you visit in order to allow us to operate and provide the Services.
This information is stored in log files and is collected automatically.
We may combine this information from your browser or your mobile device with other information that we or our partners collect about you, including across devices.
This information is used to prevent fraud and to keep the Services secure, to analyze and understand how the Services work for members and visitors, and to provide advertising, including across your devices, and a more personalized experience for members and visitors.
We may also automatically collect device-specific information when you install, access, or use our Services.
This information may include information such as the hardware model, operating system information, app version, app usage and debugging information, browser information, IP address, and device identifiers.
For more information about these online tools and how we use them, see our Cookies &amp.
Similar Technologies Policy and “Information Uses, Sharing &amp.
Disclosure” section below.

Location Information: We may collect information about your use of the Services for advertising, analytics, to serve content and to protect the Services, including your IP address, browser information (including referrers), device information (such as iOS IDFA, IDFV for limited non-advertising purposes, Android AAID, and, when enabled by you, location information provided by your device).
When you use the Apps, you may choose to share your geo-location details with Etsy in order to use functions like our local marketplace, maps, and for in-person sales (although you don't need to share these details).
You may choose to publish your location when you sell on Etsy.

We may obtain location information you provide in your profile or your IP address.
With your consent, we may also determine location by using other information from your device, such as precise location information from GPS or information about wireless networks or cell towers near your mobile device.
We may use and store information about your location to provide features and to improve and customize the Services, for example, for Etsy’s internal analytics and performance monitoring.
localization, regional requirements, and policies for the Services.
for local content, search results, and recommendations.
for mapping services.
and (using non-precise location information) marketing.
If you have consented to share your precise device location details but would no longer like to continue sharing that information with us, you may revoke your consent to the sharing of that information through the settings on the Apps or on your mobile device.
Certain non-precise location services, such as for security and localized policies based on your IP address or submitted address, are critical for the site to function.
We will only share your geo-location details with third parties (like our mapping, payments, or, to the extent applicable, advertising providers) in order to provide you with the Services.
You may also choose to enable the Apps to access your mobile device’s camera to upload photographs to Etsy.

Analytics Information: We use data analytics to ensure site functionality and improve the Services.
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to understand the functionality of the Apps on your phone.
This software may record information such as how often you use the Apps, what happens within the Apps, aggregated usage, performance data, app errors and debugging information, and where the Apps were downloaded from.
We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information that you submit within the mobile application.

Information from Third Parties: Some members or visitors may choose to connect to Etsy or register an Etsy account using an external third-party application, such as Facebook, or an app developed using the Etsy API.
Etsy may receive information from those connected third-party applications.
Connecting your Etsy account to third-party applications or services is optional.
If you choose to connect your account to a third-party application, Etsy may receive information from that application.
We may also collect public information in order to connect with you.
We may use that information as part of providing the Services to you.
You can also choose to share some of your activity on Etsy on certain social media networks which are connected to your Etsy account, and you can revoke your permission anytime in your account settings.

Non-Member Information: Etsy may receive or obtain information (for example, an email address or IP address) about a person who is not yet a registered Etsy or Etsy Studio member (a “non-member”) in connection with certain Etsy features, such as when a non-member chooses to subscribe to an Etsy newsletter, a member invites a non-member to visit the Site, a member uploads non-member information using the contact uploader feature, a non-member engages in a transaction, or a member sends a gift card code to a non-member, or a non-member uses the Guest Checkout feature when making a purchase through one of the Services.
Non-member information is used only for the purposes disclosed when it was submitted to Etsy or to facilitate action authorized by the non-member.


Pattern by Etsy: We also collect certain information from both members and non-members who visit websites hosted by us.
This information may include your IP address or unique device identifier, and cookies and data from the pages you visit.
To learn more about websites hosted by us through Pattern by Etsy, see our Pattern Policy.
For more information on our use of cookies and collection of tracking information, see our Cookies &amp.
Similar Technologies Policy or “Information Uses, Sharing &amp.
Disclosure” section below.
3.
Choice &amp.
Control
We know that members of our community value having control over their own information, so Etsy gives you the choice of providing, editing or removing certain information, as well as choices about how we contact you.
You may change or correct your Etsy account information through your account settings.
You may also remove certain optional information that you no longer wish to be publicly visible through the Services, such as your name.
You can also request the deletion of the personal information in your account.

Depending on your location, you may also have certain additional rights with respect to your information, such as: (i) data access and portability (including the right to obtain a copy of your personal data you provided to Etsy, via your settings).
(ii) data correction (including the ability to update your personal data, in many cases via settings).
(iii) data deletion (including the right to have Etsy delete your personal information, except information we are required to retain, by contacting us).
and (iv) withdrawal of consent or objection to processing (including, in limited circumstances, the right to ask Etsy to stop processing your personal data, with some exceptions, by contacting us).
We use non-technically necessary cookies and similar technologies.
A more detailed explanation of the technologies we use, and how to opt out when applicable, can be found in Etsy’s Cookies &amp.
Similar Technologies Policy.
You may also control the receipt of certain types of communications from Etsy in your account settings.
Etsy may send you messages about the Services or your activity.
Some of these messages are required, service-related messages for members (such as transactional messages or legal notices).
Other messages are not required, such as newsletters.
You can control which optional messages you choose to receive by changing your account settings, and you can learn more in the “Messages from Etsy” section of this policy.
We partner with third parties to manage our advertising on other sites.
Our third-party partners may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
If you have chosen to connect your account to an external third-party application, such as Facebook, or an app developed using the API, you can change your settings and remove permission for the app by changing your account settings.
If you no longer wish to use the Services or receive service-related messages (except for legally required notices), then you may close your account.
Click here to learn how to close your account.
4.
Findability
You may choose to connect directly with your email service provider, your mobile device’s address book, or a social network account to import your contacts to Etsy.
We do not retain the login information for your email service, mobile device, or social network site.
You may be able to search for people you know by email address or phone number on the Site or by connecting to your mobile device’s contact list through the Apps.
Finding your friends on Etsy helps you connect with them on our platform.
For example, you can follow another member’s public activity, such as public Favorites.
When you begin following another member’s activity, they will receive an email notification (if the member has consented to receiving this type of email).

If you do not want your contacts to be able to find you on Etsy through your email address, phone number, or social networking connections, then you may change your findability through your account settings.
If you do not wish to be located on Etsy via your name, you can remove your name and instead may use a nickname or alias as your name in your public account information.

5.
Messages from Etsy
On occasion, Etsy may need to contact you.
Primarily, these messages are delivered by email or by push notifications, and every account is required to keep a valid email address on file to receive messages.
Etsy may also contact you by telephone to provide member support or for transaction-related purposes if you request that we call you.
Additionally, and with your consent, Etsy may send you an SMS (or similar) message or physical mail in order to provide you with customer support or to provide you with information about products and features that you may find of interest.
You may update your contact preferences in your account settings.
Some messages from Etsy are service-related and necessary for members and Guest Checkout users.
You agree that Etsy can send you non-marketing emails or messages, such as those related to transactions, your account, security, or product changes.
Examples of service-related messages include an email address confirmation/welcome email when you register your account, notification of an order, service availability, modification of key features or functions, relaying conversations with buyers, and correspondence with Etsy’s support team.

When you register for an account, subscribe to a newsletter, or provide us with your email address or phone number such as for a Guest Checkout purchase, you receive notice of and agree (in some jurisdictions and situations, by an additional unambiguous consent) to receive marketing emails and messages from us.
You can unsubscribe at any time from marketing emails through the opt-out link included in marketing emails or messages.
Members may also control some marketing emails or messages through their account settings as well as through the opt-out link included in marketing emails or messages.

A contact-importer feature is available to help you locate and connect with your friends and contacts who may be members of Etsy (see the "Findability" section above for more information).
If someone in your contact list is not already a member, you may invite them to join Etsy and an email will be sent to them on your behalf.
Recipients of email invitations may opt out of receiving future invitations by following instructions in the email invitation message.
You may send an invitation only to someone who has given you consent to receive one.
6.
Community
Etsy and Etsy Studio are both marketplaces and communities.
We offer several features that allow members to connect and communicate in public or semi-public spaces, such as Forums and Teams.
You don't have to use these features, but if you do, please use common sense and good judgment when posting in these community spaces or sharing your personal information with others through the Services.
Be aware that any personal information that you choose to submit there can be read, collected, or used by others, or could be used to send unsolicited messages to you.
We may engage certain third parties to assist in providing community services to you and, in the context of that relationship, we need to share some of your information with such third parties in order to provide that service.
Etsy generally does not remove content from community spaces, and your posts may remain public after your account is closed, although your name will no longer be displayed alongside the post.
You are responsible for the personal information that you choose to post in community spaces through the Services.

Another member may follow your public activity on the Site to receive updates, such as when you add an item to your public Favorites.
You may choose to make certain activities private through your account settings.
After a member has begun following your activity, you have the option to block that member if you do not wish to share your updates with that specific person.
7.
Information Uses, Sharing &amp.
Disclosure
When you access or use the Services, we collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal information as described in this policy.
We rely on a number of legal bases to use your information in these ways.
These legal bases include where:

necessary to perform the contractual obligations in our Terms of Use and in order to provide the Services to you;
you have consented to the processing, which you can revoke at any time;
necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise or defend legal claims.

necessary for the purposes of our or a third party’s legitimate interests, such as those of visitors, members, or partners;
you have expressly made the information public.

necessary in the public interest.
and
occasionally necessary to protect your vital interests, or those of others.

Note that we principally rely on consent (i) to send marketing messages, (ii) for third-party data sharing related to advertising, and, to the extent applicable, (iii) for the use of location data for advertising purposes.

Where we process your information on the basis of legitimate interests, we do so as follows:

Providing and improving our Services: We may use your information to improve and customize our Services, including sharing of your information for such purposes, and we do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests of improving our Services for our users.
This is also necessary to enable us to pursue our legitimate interests in understanding how our Services are being used, and to explore and unlock ways to develop and grow our business.
It is also necessary to allow us to pursue our legitimate interests in improving our Services, efficiency, interest in Services for users and obtaining insights into usage patterns of our Services.


Keeping our Services safe and secure: We may also use your information for safety and security purposes, including sharing of your information for such purposes, and we do so because it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests in ensuring the security of our Services, including enhancing protection of our community against spam, harassment, intellectual property infringement, crime, and security risks of all kind.
We respect your privacy.
Etsy will not disclose your name, email address or other personal information to third parties without your consent, except as specified in this policy.

We use your information to provide and improve the Services and our products, for billing and payments, for identification and authentication, for targeted online and offline marketing including through tools like Facebook Custom Audience and Google Customer Match, to contact members or interested parties, and for general research and aggregate reporting.
For example, in accordance with our existing case resolution process, we may use information you provide to resolve disputes with Etsy or other members.
We may learn the sorts of products that you’re interested in from your browsing and purchasing behavior on (and off) the Site or Apps and suggest potential purchases as a result.
As a core part of our Services, we have a legitimate interest in customizing your on-site experience to help you discover relevant items and recommended purchases.
Similarly, we or our sellers may advertise our Services or our sellers’ products through a variety of different mediums and rely on your consent to do so off-site.
As part of this, we may work with advertising partners such as Facebook or Google.

Buying and Selling:  As part of the buying and selling process, Etsy will facilitate the sharing of information between the two members involved in the transaction, such as the other Etsy or Etsy Studio member's shipping address and payment information.
By making a sale or a purchase on Etsy or Etsy Studio, you are directing us to share your information in this way.
Since this is an important part of the Services we provide, we need to do this in order to perform our obligations under our Terms of Use.
We expect you to respect the privacy of the member whose information you have received.
As described in Etsy's Terms of Use, you have a limited license to use that information only for Etsy or Etsy Studio-related communications or for Etsy or Etsy Studio-facilitated transactions.
Etsy has not granted a license to you to use the information for unsolicited commercial messages or unauthorized transactions.
Without express consent from that person, you must not add any member to your email or physical mailing list or otherwise use or store any member’s personal information.


Legal and Safety: Etsy may also retain, preserve, or release your personal information to a third party in the following limited circumstances: in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet legitimate national security or law enforcement requirements.
to protect, establish, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, including to collect a debt.
to comply with a subpoena, court order, legal process, or other legal requirement.
or when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with the law, prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, threats to our property, or violations of Etsy's Terms of Use.
In these cases, our use of your information may be necessary for the purposes of our or a third party’s legitimate interest in keeping our Services secure, preventing harm or crime, enforcing or defending legal rights, or preventing damage.
Such use may also be necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise or defend legal claims.
It may also be necessary in the public interest (such as to prevent crime) or to protect vital interests (in rare cases where we may need to share information to prevent loss of life or personal injury).
If Etsy receives a lawful, verified request for a member’s records or information in one of the limited circumstances described in the previous paragraph, Etsy may disclose personal information, which may include, but may not be limited to, a member’s name, address, phone number, email address, and company name.
Find out more about how Etsy responds to requests for records or information about members of Etsy’s community in our Requests for Information Policy.

Affiliated Businesses: Etsy is affiliated with a variety of businesses and works closely with them for a variety of purposes, including assisting us to perform and improve the Services.
These businesses may sell items or services to you through the Services or, with your consent, offer promotions (including email promotions) to you.
Etsy may also provide services or sell products jointly with affiliated businesses, including providing information to such partners to allow them to more effectively market to you.
When an affiliated business assists in facilitating your transaction, we may need to share information related to the transaction with that affiliated business in order to facilitate your transaction, and this forms part of the Services we provide in accordance with our Terms of Use.
We rely on consent (which can be withdrawn at any time) to send marketing messages and for third-party sharing relating to advertising.


Aggregated Information: Etsy may share demographic information with business partners, but it will be aggregated and de-personalized, so that personal information is not revealed.

Service Providers: Etsy also needs to engage third-party companies and individuals (such as payment processors, research companies, and analytics and security providers) to help us operate, provide, and market the Services.
These third parties have only limited access to your information, may use your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are obligated to Etsy not to disclose or use your information for other purposes.
Our engagement of service providers is often necessary for us to provide the Services to you, particularly where such companies play important roles like processing payments and shipments and helping us keep our Service operating and secure.
In some other cases, these service providers aren’t strictly necessary for us to provide the Services, but help us make it better, like by helping us conduct research into how we could better serve our users.
In these latter cases, we have a legitimate interest in working with service providers to make our Services better.

Business Reorganization: In some cases, Etsy may choose to buy or sell assets.
Such transactions may be necessary and in our legitimate interests, particularly our interest in making decisions that enable our business to develop over the long term.
In these types of transactions (such as a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership, or transfer of all or substantially all of Etsy’s assets), member information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred.
If Etsy intends to transfer information about you, Etsy will notify you by email or by putting a prominent notice on the Site and the App, and you will be afforded an opportunity to opt out before information about you becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

Third Parties: Third-party plug-ins also may collect information about your use of the Site.
For example, when you load a page on Etsy that has a social plug-in from a third-party site or service, such as a “Like” or “Send” button, you are also loading content from that third-party site.
That site may request cookies directly from your browser.
These interactions are subject to the privacy policy of the third-party site.
In addition, certain cookies and other similar technologies on the Site are used by third parties for targeted online marketing and other purposes.
These technologies allow a partner to recognize your computer or mobile device each time you use the Services.
Please be aware that when you use third-party sites or services, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those sites or services.
Etsy chooses and manages these third-party technologies placed on its Sites and Apps.
However, these are third-party technologies, and they are subject to that third party's privacy policy.
For more information, see our Cookies &amp.
Similar Technologies Policy.
We rely on your consent to drop and read non-technically necessary cookies.

We can speak only for ourselves.
this policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that Etsy does not own or control or individuals that Etsy does not employ or manage.
If you provide your information to others, different practices may apply to the use or disclosure of the information that you provide to them.
Etsy does not control the privacy policies of third parties, including other members who sell using the Services or API users.
Etsy is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of these sellers, API users, or other websites on the Internet, even those linked to or from the Services.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies and ask questions of third parties before you disclose your personal information to them.
For the purposes of European law, these sellers and API users are independent controllers of data, which means that they are responsible for providing and complying with their own policies relating to any personal information they obtain in connection with the Services.

8.
Transfers
Etsy operates a global service.
If you reside outside of North America or South America, your personal information is controlled by Etsy Ireland UC.
By using our Services, you understand that Etsy Ireland UC may share some of the information it gathers with Etsy, Inc.
(its US parent company) or other Etsy affiliates for purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including for ID verification, transaction reviews, and payment processing.
The United States, European Economic Area (“EEA”) Member States, and other countries all have different laws.
When your information is moved from your home country to another country, the laws and rules that protect your personal information in the country to which your information is transferred may be different from those in the country in which you live.
For example, the circumstances in which law enforcement can access personal information may vary from country to country.
In particular, if your information is in the US, it may be accessed by government authorities in accordance with US law.
To the extent that Etsy is deemed to transfer personal information outside of the EEA, we rely separately, alternatively, and independently on the following legal bases to transfer your information: 
Model Clauses
The European Commission has adopted standard contractual clauses (also known as Model Clauses), which provide safeguards for personal information that is transferred outside of Europe.
We often use these Model Clauses when transferring personal information outside of Europe.
You can request a copy of our Model Clauses by emailing legal@etsy.com.
Privacy Shield
Etsy, Inc.
does not participate in Privacy Shield at this time.
However, Etsy Ireland UC may rely on the EU-US Privacy Shield to transfer personal information to some of our third party service providers in the United States, where they are certified to receive such information under the Privacy Shield Program.
Necessary for the performance of the contract between Etsy and its members
Etsy provides a voluntary service.
you can choose whether or not you want to use the Services.
However, if you want to use the Services, you need to agree to our Terms of Use, which set out the contract between Etsy and its members.
As we operate in countries worldwide (including in the US) and use technical infrastructure in the US to deliver the Services to you, in accordance with the contract between us, we need to transfer your personal information to the US and to other jurisdictions as necessary to provide the Services.
Simply put, we can’t provide you with the Services and perform our contract with you without moving your personal information around the world.
 
9.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us.
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received.
Your account information is protected by a password.
It is important that you protect against unauthorized access to your account and information by choosing your password carefully and by keeping your password and computer secure, such as by signing out after using the Services.
If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at legal@etsy.com.

Etsy encrypts certain information (such as credit card numbers) using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
Etsy follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Etsy offers optional advanced security settings for members, such as two-factor authentication for signing in, full-site SSL, and login history.
you can enable these options under your account settings.
10.
Retention
Etsy will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy, for as long as your account is active (i.e., for the lifetime of your Etsy member account), as described in this policy, or as needed to provide the Services to you.
If you no longer want Etsy to use your information to provide the Services to you, you may close your account.
Etsy will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your information to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws), resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and as otherwise described in this policy.
In addition, Etsy sellers may also be required to retain and use your information in order to comply with their legal obligations.
Please note that closing your account may not free up your email address, username, or shop name (if any) for reuse on a new account.
We also retain log files for internal analysis purposes.
These log files are generally retained for a brief period of time, except in cases where they are used for site safety and security, to improve site functionality, or we are legally obligated to retain them for longer time periods.
11.
Your Rights
You may benefit from a number of rights in relation to your information that we process.
Some rights apply only in certain limited cases, depending on your location.
If you would like to manage, change, limit, or delete your personal information, you can do so via your Etsy account settings or by contacting us.
Upon request, Etsy will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information.
 By visiting your account settings, you can access, correct, change, and delete certain personal information associated with your account.
In certain cases where we process your information, you may also have a right to restrict or limit the ways in which we use your personal information.
In certain circumstances, you also have the right to request the deletion of your personal information, and to obtain a copy of your personal information in an easily accessible format.
Please ensure you've read the options you have under the "Choice &amp.
Control" section above.
If you need further assistance, you can contact Etsy through one of the channels listed below under “Contact.” We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
If we process your information based on our legitimate interests as explained above, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances.
In such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons.
Where we use your data for direct marketing purposes, you can always object using the unsubscribe link in such communications or changing your account settings.
12.
Your Responsibilities
If you sell using our Services or use Etsy’s API, you may receive and determine what to do with certain personal information, such as when communicating with users and entering into transactions with buyers.
This means you process personal information (for example, buyer name, email address, and shipping address) and, to the extent you do so, under EU law, you are an independent controller of data relating to other users that you may have obtained through the Services.

You are responsible for protecting user personal information you receive or process and complying with all relevant legal requirements when you use the Services.
This includes applicable data protection and privacy laws that govern the ways in which you can use a user’s information.
Such laws may require that you post, and comply with, your own privacy policy, which must be accessible to Etsy users you interact with and compatible with this policy and Etsy’s Terms of Use.
For more information on the General Data Protection Regulation, see more resources at https://gdpr-info.eu and http://gdprandyou.ie.

As a data controller, to the extent that you process user personal information outside of the Services, you may be required under applicable data protection and privacy laws to honor requests for data access, portability, correction, deletion, and objections to processing.
Also, if you disclose personal information without the buyer’s proper consent, you are responsible for that unauthorized disclosure.
This includes, for example, disclosures you make or unintentional data breaches.
For example, you may receive a buyer’s email address or other information as a result of entering into a transaction with that buyer.
This information may only be used for Etsy-related communications or for Etsy-facilitated transactions.
You may not use this information for unsolicited commercial messages or unauthorized transactions.
Without the buyer’s consent, and subject to other applicable Etsy policies and laws, you may not add any Etsy member to your email or physical mailing list, use that buyer’s identity for marketing, or obtain or retain any payment information.
Please bear in mind that you're responsible for knowing the standard of consent required in any given instance.
If Etsy and you are found to be joint data controllers of personal information, and if Etsy is sued, fined, or otherwise incurs expenses because of something that you did as a joint data controller of buyer personal information, you agree to indemnify Etsy for the expenses it occurs in connection with your processing of buyer personal information.

13.
Withdrawing Consent
Where you have provided your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your information and your use of the Services.
For example, you can withdraw your consent to email marketing by using the unsubscribe link in such communications or by changing your account settings.
You can choose to withdraw your consent to our processing of your information and your use of the Services at any time by closing your account through your account settings and then emailing legal@etsy.com to request that your personal information be deleted, except for information that we are required to retain.
This deletion is permanent and your account cannot be reinstated.

14.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may amend or update this policy from time to time.
If we believe that the changes are material, we’ll let you know by doing one (or more) of the following: (i) posting the changes on or through the Services, (ii) sending you an email or message about the changes, or (iii) posting an update in the version notes on the Apps’ platform.
We encourage you to check back regularly and review any updates.

15.
Contact
If you have any questions: 
Contact Etsy’s Support team via our Help Center
Send an email to Etsy's Data Protection Officer, TJ Parks, at dpo@etsy.com
Write to us at one of the following addresses:

In North America or South America:

Etsy Support Team – Privacy Policy
117 Adams Street
Brooklyn, NY 11201, USA

Outside of North America or South America:

Etsy Support Team – Privacy Policy
66/67 Great Strand Street
Dublin 1 Ireland
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you may contact our US-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Without prejudice to any other rights you may have, if you are located outside of North America or South America, you also have the right to file a complaint against Etsy with the Irish Data Protection Commissioner ("DPC"), which is Etsy’s Lead Supervisory Authority.
The DPC’s contact details are:
Office of the Data Protection Commissioner
Canal House, Station Road
Portarlington, Co.
Laois, R32 AP23, Ireland
Phone: +353 (0761) 104 800
LoCall: 1890 25 22 31
Fax: +353 57 868 4757
Email: info@dataprotection.ie 
If you live in the EEA, you may also file a complaint with your local data protection regulator.
Last updated on May 23, 2018 Footer Get fresh Etsy trends and unique gift ideas delivered right to your inbox. Subscribe  Please enter a valid email address.

 Looks like you already have an account! Please Log in to subscribe.

 You've already signed up for some newsletters, but you haven't confirmed your address.
Register to confirm your address.

 You've been successfully signed up! 
 Great! We've sent you an email to confirm your subscription.

 There was a problem subscribing you to this newsletter.
 Shop 
 Gift cards 
 Etsy blog 
 Sell 
 Sell on Etsy 
 Teams 
 Forums 
 About 
 Etsy, Inc.

 Policies 
 Investors 
 Careers 
 Press 
 Follow Etsy 
 Facebook 
 Instagram 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 Need help? Visit the help center 








 US United States English (US) $ (USD) Etsy Etsy We make it easy to find your thing.
© 2018 Etsy, Inc.

 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Interest-based ads 
 Update your settings  Set where you live, what language you speak, and the currency you use.
Learn more.
 Region: Region Australia Canada France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Japan New Zealand Poland Portugal Russia Spain The Netherlands United Kingdom United States Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Republic of Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar (Burma) Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand The Netherlands Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay U.S.
Virgin Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire (Democratic Republic of Congo) Zambia Zimbabwe Language: Language Deutsch English (UK) English (US) Español Français Italiano 日本語 Nederlands Polski Português Русский Currency: Currency $ United States Dollar (USD) $ Canadian Dollar (CAD) € Euro (EUR) £ British Pound (GBP) $ Australian Dollar (AUD) ¥ Japanese Yen (JPY) Kč Czech Koruna (CZK) kr Danish Krone (DKK) $ Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) Ft Hungarian Forint (HUF) ₪ Israeli Shekel (ILS) RM Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) $ Mexican Peso (MXN) $ New Zealand Dollar (NZD) kr Norwegian Krone (NOK) ₱ Philippine Peso (PHP) $ Singapore Dollar (SGD) kr Swedish Krona (SEK) Swiss Franc (CHF) ฿ Thai Baht (THB) NT$ Taiwan New Dollar (TWD) zł Polish Zloty (PLN) R$ Brazilian Real (BRL) Save Start typing the name of a page.
Hit ESC to close, Enter to select the first result.

 &lt;img height="1" width="1" style="display:none;" alt="" src="https://ct.pinterest.com/v3/?tid=2612477536450&amp;amp;noscript=1"&gt.
&lt;img height="1" width="1" style="display:none;" alt="" src="https://ct.pinterest.com/v3/?tid=2612477536450&amp;amp;event=pagevisit&amp;amp;noscript=1"&gt.
