 Privacy Policy 
Effective Date: January 27, 2020

Fandom, Inc.
(“Fandom” “we,” “us,” and “our”) provides a home to explore, contribute to, and celebrate the world of pop culture.
Our Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to help you understand how we collect, use and share your personal information and to assist you in exercising the privacy rights available to you.
SCOPE
Fandom, Inc.
is a company registered in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
(corporate number C2935209), whose registered office is at 130 Sutter Street, 4th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104 and we are the data controller of the personal information that we collect from you as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information processed by us in our business, including on our websites, mobile applications, and our related online and offline offerings (collectively, the “Services”).
The Services include websites at fandom.com, wikia.com and wikia.org, and the respective subdomains, and the mobile apps provided under the Fandom brand.
The Services also include the D&amp;D Beyond mobile app and the websites at dndbeyond.com, futhead.com, gamepedia.com, muthead.com, playbook.gg, and strawpoll.me.
We respect your right to privacy.
Our overall aim is to ensure that our collection and use of personal information is appropriate to the provision of the Services for our users, and is in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The categories of personal information we collect depend on how you interact with our Services, and the requirements of applicable law.
Visitors are people who access the Services.
Visitors include Registered Users who access the Services through their accounts and Non-Registered Users who access the Services without using an account.
We recognize that most Visitors are Non-Registered Users.
You do not need to be a Registered User in order to access most information on the Services.
Being a Registered User is only required for certain activities, such as creating, managing, or administrating a Fandom community, making a contribution to a Fandom community that does not allow for contributions by non-Registered Users, submitting comments about other content on the Services, or participating in a chat forum.
In addition, you must be a Registered User in order to view certain content on our mobile applications.

Information You Provide to Us


Account Creation.
When you create an account on the Services in order to become a Registered User, we collect information such as your username and password, valid email address, and date of birth.
You may optionally provide us with additional information including your first and last names, your gender, and your interests and hobbies.
Certain websites and apps in the Services may require you to provide additional information, such as your postal mailing address, telephone number, and payment information.
We refer to the information provided at account creation as “Registration Data.”

Visitors.
We collect the information you provide when modifying the content of a page on the Services (such as making edits, uploading images, etc.).
Your username or another indicator that you provided the information is left on the history tab associated with the edited page or appropriate special/image page, on the recent changes link, and in your user contributions.
We also collect information you provide when you upload, purchase, view, or download certain content or products from the Services.
Further, the Fandom mobile app asks you to indicate the communities in which you are particularly interested.
We refer to this information collected from Visitors as “Visitor Data.”

Payment Information.
You may purchase digital items or other goods using the services.
We use a third-party payment provider to process payments on the Services.
We may receive information associated with your payment information, such as billing address and transaction information, but we do not directly store payment information on the Services.

Your Communications with Us.
We collect personal information from you such as email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our Services, register for our newsletters, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.

Surveys.
We may contact you to participate in surveys.
If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.

Interactive Features.
We offer interactive features such as forums, blogs, chat and messaging services, and social media pages.
We and others who use our Services may collect the information you submit or make available through these interactive features.
Any content you provide via the public sections of these features will be considered “public” and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced herein.
By using these interactive features, you assume the risk that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for their own purposes.

Registration for Sweepstakes or Contests.
We may run sweepstakes and contests.
Contact information you provide may be used to inform you about the sweepstakes or contest and for other promotional, marketing and business purposes, if permitted by law.
In some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information of winners.

Conferences, Trade Shows, and Other Events.
We may attend conferences, trade shows, and other events where we collect personal information from individuals who interact with or express an interest in the Services.
If you provide us with any information at one of these events, we will use it for the purposes for which it was collected.

Business Development and Strategic Partnerships.
We may collect personal information from individuals and third parties to assess and pursue potential business opportunities.

Job Applications.
We may post job openings and opportunities on the Services.
If you reply to one of these postings by submitting your application, CV and/or cover letter to us, we will collect and process the information contained therein to assess your suitability, aptitude, skills, and qualifications for employment.

Information Collected Automatically


Automatic Data Collection.
We may collect certain information automatically when you use the Services.
This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, location information (including inferred location based off of your IP address), Internet service provider, pages that you visit before, during, and after using the Services, information about the links you click, information about how you interact with the Services, including the frequency and duration of your activities, the search requests you submit on the Services, and other information about how you use the Services.
Information we collect may be associated with accounts and devices.

Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, and Analytics Information.
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through the Services.
Technologies are essentially small data files placed on your devices that allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Services.


Cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers to store their preferences.
Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies.
However, if you do that, the Services may not work properly.

Pixel Tags/Web Beacons.
A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in the Services that collects information about engagement on the Services.
The use of a pixel tag allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement.
We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.

Flash Cookies.
We may, in certain situations, use Adobe Flash Player to deliver special content, such as video clips or animation.
To improve your user experience, Local Shared Objects (commonly known as “Flash cookies”) are employed to provide functions such as remembering your settings and preferences.
Flash cookies are stored on your device, but they are managed through an interface different from the one provided by your web browser.
This means it is not possible to manage Flash cookies at the browser level, in the same way you would manage cookies.
Instead, you can access your Flash management tools from Adobe’s website directly.
The Adobe website provides comprehensive information on how to delete or disable Flash cookies.
Please be aware that if you disable or reject Flash cookies for the Services, you may not be able to access certain features, such as video content or services that require you to sign in.


Analytics.
We may use Google Analytics, Quantcast, comScore, and other service providers to collect and process analytics information on our Services.
Google Analytics uses cookies to aid us in traffic analysis and informing improvements to the Services.
For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
You can opt out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Quantcast and comScore collect information about the number of visitors to our Services and extrapolate market research from that data.&nbsp.
For more information about Quantcast, please visit www.quantcast.com/docs/privacy.
For more information about comScore, please visit https://www.comscore.com/About/Privacy-Policy.

Information from Other Sources

We may obtain information about you from other sources, including through third party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you.
For example, if you access our Services through a third-party application, such as an app store, a third-party login service, or a social networking site, we may collect information about you from that third-party application that you have made public via your privacy settings.
Information we collect through these services may include your name, your user identification number, your username, location, gender, birth date, email, profile picture, and your contacts stored in that service.
We use this information to supplement the information we collect about you in order to provide more relevant, safer experiences for you with the Services and improve the Services, analytics, and advertising.&nbsp.
If we combine or associate information from other sources with information that we collect through the Services, we will treat the combined information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your personal information, including your Registration Data, Visitor Data, information collected automatically, and information from other sources, for a variety of business purposes, including to:

Provide the Services or Requested Information, such as:


Fulfilling our contract with you;
Managing your information and accounts;
Responding to questions, comments, and other requests.
and
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services.


Analyze and improve our Services pursuant to our legitimate interests, such as:


Marketing, market research, and business development, including segmenting our users into specific categories;
Supporting internal administrative purposes such as providing network and information security and fraud prevention and ensuring internal quality control and safety;
Measuring interest and engagement in our Services;
Developing new products and services;


Authenticating and verifying individual identities;
Recording who is accessing and making changes to different parts of our Services and carrying out audits;
Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services and Privacy Policy changes;
Preventing and prosecuting potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
Enforcing our agreements.
and
Complying with our legal obligations.


Marketing Our Products and Services.
We use your personal information to provide you with tailored content and advertisements, including to determine your interests and select content and advertisements to provide to you based on your interests.

Consent.
We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent.

De-identified and Aggregated Information Use.
We may use personal information and other data about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create.
De-identified and/or aggregated information is not personal information, and we may use and disclose such information in a number of ways, including research, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes.

Share Content with Friends or Colleagues.
Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities.
For example, we may allow you to provide information about your friends through our referral services.
Our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services.

How We Use Automatic Collection Technologies.
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies to automatically collect information through the Services.
Our uses of these Technologies fall into the following general categories:


Operationally Necessary.
This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services, applications, and tools that are required to identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security or that allow you to make use of our functionality;

Performance Related.
We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Services, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use the Services;

Functionality Related.
We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services.
This may include identifying you when you sign into our Services or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed.
and

Advertising or Targeting Related.
We may use first party or third-party Technologies to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Services or on third party sites.


Cross-Device Tracking.
Your browsing activity may be tracked across different websites and different devices or apps.
For example, we may attempt to match your browsing activity on your mobile device with your browsing activity on your laptop.
To do this our technology partners may share data, such as your browsing patterns, geo-location and device identifiers, and will match the information of the browser and devices that appear to be used by the same person.
DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
Except as described herein, we do not share, disclose, or sell your personal information.

Service Providers.
We may share any personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers.
The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include service providers for: (i) the provision of the Services.
(ii) the provision of information, products, and other services you have requested.
(iii) marketing and advertising.
(iv) payment and transaction processing.
(v) customer service activities.
and (vi) the provision IT and related services.

Business Partners.
We may provide personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.
In such cases, our business partner’s name will appear along with ours.

Affiliates.
We may share personal information with our affiliated entities.

Third Party Services.
The Services may link to third-party websites or services.
The privacy practices of those third parties are not governed by this Privacy Policy.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites and services to understand their practices.
If you connect to a third-party service (such as Facebook, Twitter, or another third-party application) through the Services or otherwise link your account with a third-party service, you are requesting and authorizing us to share or grant access to information on your behalf (such as your username, the fact that your connection originated from the Services, and other relevant usage and diagnostic information) with such third party.
We may also send information about your activities on the Services to such third parties.
For example, we may make information available to app developers, game developers, and game publishers to facilitate purchases and awards of digital goods, such as games and in-game items.

Advertising Partners.
Through our Services, we may allow third party advertising partners to set Technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day).
These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit third party services within their networks.
This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.” For example, we may use Technologies from Supply Side Platforms (also known as SSPs) such as Google’s ADX which uses cookies to collect information about your browsing history to target advertising.&nbsp.
We may also use Technologies from Permutive to collect information for segmenting purposes based on its analysis of your interactions with the Services.

APIs and Software Development Kits.
We may use third party APIs and software development kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our Services.
APIs and SDKs may allow third parties including advertising partners to collect your personal information in order to provide content that is more relevant to you.
For more information about our use of APIs and SDKs, please contact us as set forth below.

Disclosures to Protect Us or Others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store in association with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena.
(ii) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety.
(iii) enforce our policies or contracts.
(iv) collect amounts owed to us.
or (v) assist with an investigation and prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.

Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfer.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.
YOUR CHOICES

General

You may have the right to object to or opt-out of certain uses of your personal information as described in more detail below.

Email Communications

If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails.
Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested.
We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our Terms or this Privacy Policy).

Mobile Devices

We may send you push notifications through our mobile application.
You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
With your consent, we may also collect precise location information if you use our mobile applications.
You may opt-out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.

“Do Not Track”

Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers.
Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.

Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising

You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits.
Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications.
However, you may opt-out of personalized advertisements on some mobile applications by following the instructions for Android and iOS.
The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs.
You can access these websites and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp, http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, https://youradchoices.ca/choices/, and www.aboutads.info/choices/.
Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.
DATA RETENTION
Subject to the user rights described below, we store the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
This information is held by us in the United States.
We may also transfer the personal information that we collect about you to third party processors or to members of our group of companies in connection with the above purposes.
We will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using the Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services.
If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Services, by mail or by sending an email to you.
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
The Services are not directed to children under 16 (applicable to users located in California and the EEA excluding the UK) or 13 (applicable to users located in the rest of the world), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children.&nbsp.
If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may contact us as set forth below.
If we learn that we have collected a child’s personal information in violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such information.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion.
If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law.
You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you continue to use the Services after the new Privacy Policy takes effect.
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY THAT ARE APPLICABLE TO EEA AND UK RESIDENTS

What is our justification for handling your personal data?

Under European and UK data protection laws, we have to ensure that we process your personal information fairly and lawfully.
This means that we must have a “legal basis” for each of our processing activities where they relate to the personal data of an individual within the EEA.
These bases include:


Consent – we may decide to obtain your specific, freely given consent to one or more processing activities;

Legal obligation – we may need to process your data where it is necessary to comply with applicable laws that we are subject to;

Performance of a contract – we may process your data if we are entering into a contract with you, or taking preparatory steps to do so;

Legitimate interests – we may process your personal data where we believe that we have a legitimate interest in doing so, and we have analyzed this and determined that our interests are not overridden by the impact on your rights and freedoms under data protection law.

We rely on these legal bases in different ways, and in relation to different types of processing of your personal data.

Consent

We process your personal information collected through the use of Advertising or Targeting Related Cookies (as described above) on the basis of your consent, which we ask for when you first visit a website within the Services.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent to our use of these Cookies.
The list of partners for which we request consent is located at our Vendor List.
In order to change your consent, please utilize the “clear cookies” functionality in your browser (this will prompt us to ask for your consent&nbsp;when you next visit a&nbsp;website within the Services).

Legitimate Interests

We believe that our use of your other personal information described herein is necessary for our legitimate interests, which are as follows:

To run, grow and develop our business;
To operate the Services;
For marketing, market research and business development.
and
For internal administrative purposes.

If we rely on our, or another person’s, legitimate interests for using your personal information, we will undertake a balancing test to ensure that our (or the other person’s) legitimate interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection.
You can ask us for information on this balancing test by using the contact details provided below.
We process your personal information collected through the use of Operationally Necessary, Performance Related, and Functionality Related cookies (as described above) on the basis of our legitimate interests.
We also rely on legitimate interests to use your personal information in order to provide you with access to the Services, and to make sure that they work properly, and to keep a record of who is accessing and making changes to the different parts of our Services.
Your Privacy Rights
Residents in the EEA and the UK have the rights to:

Access personal information about you consistent with legal requirements.
Please utilize the form found here when making this request: Download Your Data.

Request Correction of your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete.

Request Deletion of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
Please utilize the form found here when making this request: Right of Deletion.

Opt out of any marketing communications that we (or any third party to whom we have disclosed your personal information with your consent) may send you.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please use the indicated forms or links, where applicable, or otherwise email us at support@fandom.com.
We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
To protect your privacy, we may take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.
Please note for security and fraud investigation and prevention purposes, we will retain the full IP address for users located in the EEA for up to 12 months.
In addition, we keep a copy of requests submitted to us to comply with our own legal obligation to maintain data processing records.
Please also note that certain information, such as your IP address (if you edit while not logged in) and any public contributions to Fandom community sites is archived and displayed indefinitely by design.
the transparency of each contribution and revision history is critical for efficacy and trustworthiness.
In addition, our de-identification processes cannot ensure complete or comprehensive de-identification of all of the content or information posted on our Services related to your prior username.
If your request is granted, the name change will only occur in automatically generated logs (such as page histories) in association with content that you posted.
The name change will not delete mentions of your prior username by third parties.
In the EEA or the UK you may also make a complaint to our supervisory body for data protection matters (for example, the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK) or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY THAT ARE APPLICABLE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights around our collection, use, and sharing of their personal information.
California residents have the right to:

Know about your personal information we have collected, disclosed, or sold in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity.&nbsp.
In addition, you may have the right in some cases to receive or have your electronic personal information transferred to another party.
Please utilize the form found here when making this request: I want to download a copy of my personal information.

Request Deletion of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
Please utilize the form found here when making this request: Delete my personal information.

Opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties.
To opt-out of the sale of your personal information, please click here.

Not be discriminated against by us for exercising your privacy rights.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please use the indicated forms or links, where applicable, or otherwise email us at support@fandom.com.
We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
To protect your privacy, we may take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.
In the chart below, we identify each category of personal information that we have collected in the last 12 months.&nbsp.
For each category of personal information we have collected, we also identify the source(s) from which the information was collected.
We collected the personal information for the following business or commercial purposes: (1) to provide and improve the Services.
(2) for marketing purposes.
(3) for fraud prevention and legal purposes.
(4) to secure the Services.
and (5) for audit purposes.
Category of Personal Information
Category of Source(s) Identifiers.
You, both directly and indirectly via the Services.

Our business partners, affiliates, third party services, and advertising partners. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal.
Civ.
Code § 1798.80(e)).
You, both directly and indirectly via the Services.

Our business partners, affiliates, third party services, and advertising partners. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
You, both directly and indirectly via the Services.

Our business partners, affiliates, third party services, and advertising partners. Commercial information.
You, both directly and indirectly via the Services.

Our business partners, affiliates, third party services, and advertising partners. Internet or other electronic network activity.
You, both directly and indirectly via the Services.

Our business partners, affiliates, third party services, and advertising partners. Geolocation data.
You, both directly and indirectly via the Services.

Our business partners, affiliates, third party services, and advertising partners. Professional or employment-related information.
You, directly.
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer.
You, both directly and indirectly via the Services.

Our business partners, affiliates, third party services, and advertising partners.
For purposes of the CCPA, Fandom has sold or disclosed the following categories of consumers’ personal information in for a business or commercial purpose in the last 12 months:

Identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal.
Civ.
Code § 1798.80(e)).
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Commercial information.
Internet or other electronic network activity.
Geolocation data.
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer.

CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

Wade Warren, Data Protection Officer

c/o Fandom, Inc.
130 Sutter Street, 4th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94104

Email: DPO@fandom.com

Phone: (415) 980-5647
&nbsp;
If you have any complaints about our Services, please contact us at:

Address: 130 Sutter Street, 4th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104

Email: support@fandom.com

Phone: (415) 762-0780 Reset your tracking preferences on fandom.com   Terms of Use PLEASE READ AND REVIEW THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
Date of Last Revision: January 29, 2020
Who we are and how to contact us
These Terms of Use apply to our websites, mobile applications, and related online and offline offerings (collectively, the “Services”).
The Services include websites at fandom.com, wikia.com and wikia.org, and the respective subdomains, and the mobile apps provided under the Fandom brand.
The Services also include the D&amp;D Beyond mobile app and the websites at dndbeyond.com, futhead.com, gamepedia.com, muthead.com, playbook.gg, and strawpoll.me.
The Services are operated by Fandom, Inc.
(with its affiliates, “Fandom” or the “Company”).
We are a company registered in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
(corporate number C2935209), whose registered office is at 130 Sutter Street, 4th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104.
These Terms of Use tell you the rules for using our Services.
To contact us, please email support@fandom.com.
By using our services you accept these terms of use
By accessing or using the Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use (“Terms of Use” or “Agreement“), whether or not you are a registered user of Fandom.
If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, then you must not use our Services.
We recommend that you print a copy of these Terms for future reference.
Note that as set forth in our Privacy Policy, in the case of residents in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), we do rely on consent as the legal basis for processing personal data collected through Advertising or Targeting Related Cookies (as described in our Privacy Policy) and in that case (only), we require explicit, opt-in consent.
Your agreement to this Terms of Use does not equate to a consent to the processing of such personal data collected through Marketing Cookies – that is a separate consent that EEA residents must give as described in our Privacy Policy.
These Terms of Use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of the Services:

Our Privacy Policy;
Our Licensing Terms;
Our Community Creation Policy.
and
Terms of Sale.

We may make changes to our services
We may update and change our Services from time to time to reflect changes to our products, our users’ needs and our business priorities.
We will try to give you reasonable notice of any major changes.
We may make changes to this agreement
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of this Agreement at any time and without further notice.
Please check this page regularly to determine if there have been changes to these Terms of Use and to review such changes.
Your continued use of the Services after the effective date of the revised Terms of Use constitutes your acceptance of the terms.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY AS THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, REMEDIES AND OBLIGATIONS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS
When these terms of use apply
These Terms of Use apply to registered users and non-registered users alike.
In order to use the Services, you must accept these Terms of Use.
You may do so by (a) registering with one of the Services and/or the Company or (b) using any of the Services.
You confirm that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with the Company, or an emancipated minor, or have parental or legal guardian consent and are fully able and competent to enter into, and comply with, these Terms of Use.
In any case, you confirm that you are 16 or older (applicable to users located in&nbsp;California and in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) excluding the U.K.) or 13 or older (applicable to users located in the rest of the world including the U.K.), and acknowledge that the Services are not intended for children under such ages, as applicable.
You may not use the Services and may not accept the Terms of Use if you by law are barred from using the Services or accepting the Terms of Use.
Membership
In order to use certain portions of the Services (described in more detail in our Privacy Policy), you will need to first register on the applicable Service.
You must not register for membership in a Service where you are prohibited by law.
In addition, the Services are intended solely for users who are:

In California and the EEA (excluding the UK), 16 or older.
or
In the rest of the world (including the UK), 13 or older.

Any registration by anyone under those ages in the applicable jurisdictions is unauthorized, unlicensed and in violation of this Agreement.
By registering for the Services, you represent and warrant that you meet the age requirement set forth above and that you agree to and will abide by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
You must keep your account details safe
If you choose to register, and you are provided with or create a user identification code, password or other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential.
You must not disclose it to any third party, and you agree to maintain the security of your password and identification and to be fully responsible for all use of your account and for any actions that take place using your account.
The Company may terminate your account, delete your profile and any content or information that you have posted on the Services and/or prohibit you from using or accessing the Services for any reason, or no reason, at any time in its sole discretion, with or without notice.
Trademarks
Fandom, the Fandom logos, Wikia, CURSE, the Curse logos, and any other product or service name, logo, or slogan used by Fandom, and the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, are trademarks or trade dress of Fandom, and may not be used in whole or in part in connection with any product or service that is not Fandom’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Fandom, without our prior written permission.
Any use of these trademarks must be in accordance with any guidelines that Fandom may provide you from time to time.
All other trademarks referenced in the Services are the property of their respective owners.
Reference on the Services to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by us or any other affiliation.
Submitting content to the services and copyrights
There are different rules for content that is submitted to Fandom communities, for Company Original Content, and for contributions to our discussions and chat forums, each of which are described below.
In all cases, you are solely responsible for all content, including but not limited to photos, profiles information, messages, comments, and other content that you upload, publish or display (hereinafter, “submit”) on or through the Services, or transmit to or share with other users.
You may not submit content to the Services that you did not create or that you do not have the right to submit.
You may not submit content that is not compatible with the license used by the applicable part of the Services to which you are submitting content.
You understand and agree that others may, but are not obligated to, edit, delete or remove (without notice) any content from the Services, for any reason or no reason.
You also represent and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, releases, consents, and permissions to permit the Company to copy, store, publish, display, and distribute your content via the Services, in accordance with the license rules that are applicable to such content (for example, text submissions by you to Fandom communities are subject to the licensing terms set forth at Licensing).
The Services are not and shall not function as an archive.
We have no liability to you or any other person for loss, damage, or destruction to your content.
You are solely responsible at your sole cost and expense for creating backup copies and replacing any content you post or store on the Services or provide to us.
Content that is submitted to fandom communities or wikis
The license rules for text that is submitted to particular Fandom communities or wikis are set forth at our licensing page.
You agree that you will not use the communities in any manner that is contrary to the Community Creation Policy, which may be updated from time to time.
You also agree not to utilize the communities/wikis in any manner that is contrary to the Fandom Community Guidelines, which may be updated from time to time.
In the case of non-text content that a user submits to a particular Fandom community or wiki, you agree that you have the right to submit such content, and that such content does not violate the copyright, trademark, trade secret or any other personal or proprietary right of any other party.
Company original content
Articles and content that are created by the Company or one of its licensors (for example, Company-created content that appears on fandom.com) (collectively, the “Company Original Content”) is the exclusive property of the Company and its licensors and is protected by copyright and intellectual property laws and treaties, and all rights are reserved.
Such Company Original Content includes visual content such as videos, articles, photographs, music, graphics, and logos.
Such Content may be accessible via a player embedded on the Services, which links to and plays content hosted on other sites or services (“Media Player”).
Except as explicitly provided herein, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create a license to the Company Original Content, and you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from the Company Original Content.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Company provides you with a license to use the Company Original Content for your personal, noncommercial use only.
Company may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason.
Use of Company Original Content for any purpose not expressly permitted by this Agreement is strictly prohibited.
We may provide opportunities to third parties (including community members) to submit an application to provide original content, which Company may approve or deny in its sole discretion.
If such original content is accepted by Company, it shall be subject to the rules for Company Original Content that are set forth above and that a contributor may agree to as part of the application process.
The Company may also provide links to articles on third party websites, as set forth below under Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability.
Because the Company has no control over such third party websites, the Company is not responsible for the availability of such websites and is not responsible for any content on such websites.
Content submitted to discussions forums or quizzes
By submitting content (including comments) to our discussion or chat forums or creating or responding to quizzes or similar games, you grant us a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute copies, perform, or publicly display such submitted content (including comments and quizzes) in any medium and for any purpose, including commercial purposes, and to authorize others to do so (this license right includes the name, identity, likeness and voice you submit with such content).
You agree that you have the right to submit any content (including comments or quizzes) you post, and that such content (including comments or quizzes) does not violate the copyright, trademark, trade secret or any other personal or proprietary right of any other party.
Promotions
Users may promote, administer, or conduct a promotion (a contest or sweepstakes) on, through or utilizing the Services (a “Promotion”).
If you choose to promote, administer or conduct a Promotion, you must adhere to the following rules: (i) You may carry out Promotions to the extent permitted by applicable law and you are solely responsible for ensuring that any Promotions comply with any and all applicable laws, obligations, and restrictions.
(ii) You will be classified as the promoter of your Promotion in the applicable jurisdiction(s) and you will be solely responsible for all aspects of and expenses related to your Promotion, including, without limitation, the execution, administration, and operation of the Promotion.
drafting and posting any official rules.
selecting winners.
issuing prizes.
and obtaining all necessary third-party permissions and approvals, including, without limitation, filing any and all necessary registrations and bonds.
Fandom has the right to remove your Promotion from the Services if Fandom reasonably believes that your Promotion does not comply with the Terms of Use or applicable law.
(iii) Fandom is not responsible for and does not endorse or support any such Promotions.
You may not indicate that Fandom is a sponsor or co-sponsor of the Promotion.
(iv) You will display or read out the following when a Promotion is connection with your Promotion: “This is a promotion by [Your Name].
Fandom does not sponsor or endorse [Your Name]’s promotion and is not responsible for this promotion”.
User conduct
You agree not to:

Abuse, harass, threaten or intimidate other Fandom users;
Post or transmit any content that is obscene, pornographic, abusive, offensive, profane, or otherwise violates any law or right of any third party, or content that contains homophobia, ethnic slurs, religious intolerance, or encourages criminal conduct;
Attempt to impersonate another user or person;
Post any illegal or unauthorized content or use for any illegal or unauthorized purposes;
Post or transmit any communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain password, account, email address, or private information from any Fandom user;
Post, upload, transmit, share, or store unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, solicitations, “spam”, or any other type of unauthorized solicitation;
Solicit personal information from any user under the age of 18;
Violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws and laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content);
Post advertisements or solicitations of business;
Remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Services or content, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content accessible through the Services, or delete the copyright or other proprietary rights notices on the Services or user content
Except as expressly permitted by the Company (for example with respect to the use of text content that is submitted to particular Fandom communities as permitted as set forth at our licensing page), you may not modify, publish, transmit, reproduce, scrape, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, adapt, aggregate, sell, transfer or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part,
Use any robot, spider, site search and/or retrieval application, or other device to scrape, extract, retrieve or index any portion of the content;
use any Media Player for any purpose other than non-commercial, personal consumption and viewing of applicable content;
attempt to modify, enhance, edit, translate, adapt, alter, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or create derivative works based upon any Media Player.
or
attempt to license, transfer, convey or assign to any third party any rights to use or exhibit any Media Player, including to market, promote, display, re-distribute or re-transmit any Media Player.

You further agree:

To only use the Services in a manner consistent with these Terms of Use and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
To maintain the confidentiality of any password(s) associated with your use of the Services;
To notify the company immediately in case of any unauthorized use of your account;
Not to intentionally block, remove, or otherwise obstruct the proper functioning and view of advertisements, and/or user interface and functionality;
Not to upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, limit the functionality of, or enable unauthorized access to any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
Not to upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party
not use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Services for any purpose without our express written permission;
Not to forge headers, or manipulate source identifiers or otherwise attempt to disguise the origin of any content made available via the Services;

You will not:

take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services or any activities conducted on a Service.
or
bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services, including robot exclusion headers.

Respecting copyright and claims of copyright infringement
Fandom respects the intellectual property of others and follows the requirements set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable laws.
If you are a copyright owner or agent thereof and believe that content posted on the Services infringes upon your copyright, please contact our designated agent under the DMCA:
Attn: Copyright Agent
Fandom, Inc.
130 Sutter Street, 4th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94104
See our DMCA Request form (select “I have a copyright or trademark issue” as a category) for a guided form that will allow you to fill out the required elements of a DMCA takedown notice.
You may also email the designated agent via copyright@fandom.com.
Please include “Claim of copyright infringement” in the subject of your email.
For clarity, only DMCA notices should go to the Copyright Agent.
Idea submission
By submitting ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals (“Submissions”) to Fandom or its employees, you acknowledge and agree that Fandom shall be entitled to use or disclose such Submissions for any purpose in any way without providing compensation or credit to you.
Termination
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Fandom reserves the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your license to use the Services (including to post user content), and to block or prevent your future access to and use of the Services, including where we reasonably consider that: (a) your use of the Services violates these Terms of Use or applicable law.
(b) you fraudulently use or misuse the Services.
or (c) we are unable to continue providing the Services to you due to technical or legitimate business reasons.
This includes the ability to terminate or to suspend your access to any purchased products or services, including any subscriptions.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, your only remedy with respect to any dissatisfaction with (i) the Services, (ii) any term of these Terms of Use, (iii) any policy or practice of Fandom in operating the Services, or (iv) any content or information transmitted through the Services, is to terminate your account and to discontinue use of any and all parts of the Services.
Disclaimers.
No warranties
Fandom does not guarantee that any unauthorized copying, use or distribution of content submitted by you by third parties will not take place.&nbsp;In addition, Fandom is not responsible for the content or conduct, whether online or offline, of any user of the Services or other site or services that may be referenced, or linked to, in the Services.
Because Company has no control over such sites and services, you acknowledge and agree that Company is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or services, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or services.
We encourage you to be aware of when you leave the Services, and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party website or service that you visit.
You understand and acknowledge that by using the Services you may be exposed to content that you may find offensive, indecent or objectionable and that, in this respect, you use the Services at your own risk.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW: (A) THE SERVICES AND THE CONTENT AND MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN A WRITING BY FANDOM.
(B) FANDOM, AND ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, AGENTS, LICENSORS, SUBCONTRACTORS, AFFILIATES, PARTNERS, AND SUPPLIERS (“FANDOM PARTIES”) DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, STATUTORY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AS TO THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN.
(C) NO FANDOM PARTY REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT CONTENT OR MATERIALS ON THE SERVICES ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE.
AND (D) WHILE FANDOM ATTEMPTS TO MAKE YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF THE SERVICES SAFE, NO FANDOM PARTY CAN AND DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES OR OUR SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM FANDOM OR THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN.
FANDOM&nbsp;DOES NOT AND CANNOT GUARANTEE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM USE OF THE SERVICES.
Limitation on liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW: (A) IN NO EVENT SHALL FANDOM OR ANY FANDOM PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, THE CONTENT OR THE MATERIALS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RESULTING FROM RELIANCE BY USER ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM FANDOM, OR THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES OR EMAIL, ERRORS, DEFECTS, VIRUSES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, WHETHER OR NOT RESULTING FROM ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO FANDOM’S RECORDS, PROGRAMS OR SERVICES.
AND (B) IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF FANDOM, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THE SERVICES DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE OF THE CLAIM OR ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS, WHICHEVER IS GREATER.
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT FANDOM HAS OFFERED THE SERVICES, MATERIALS AND OTHER CONTENT AND INFORMATION, SET ITS PRICES, AND ENTERED INTO THESE TERMS OF USE IN RELIANCE UPON THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH HEREIN, THAT THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH HEREIN REFLECT A REASONABLE AND FAIR ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN YOU AND FANDOM, AND THAT THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH HEREIN FORM AN ESSENTIAL BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YOU AND FANDOM.
FANDOM WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES TO YOU ON AN ECONOMICALLY REASONABLE BASIS WITHOUT THESE LIMITATIONS.
YOU AND FANDOM AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES.
OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Fandom, its affiliated companies, contractors, employees, agents and its third-party suppliers, licensors, and partners from any claims, losses, damages, liabilities, including legal fees and expenses, arising out of your use or misuse of the Services, any user content you post, store or otherwise transmit in or through the Services, your violation of the rights of any third party, any violation by you of these Terms of Use, or any breach of the representations, warranties, and covenants made by you herein.
Fandom reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify Fandom, and you agree to cooperate with Fandom’s defense of these claims.
Fandom will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.
The foregoing indemnity includes, without limitation, any claims, losses, damages, liabilities, including legal fees and expenses, arising out of your Promotions or user content.
Governing law, venue, and jurisdiction
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the laws of the State of California, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, govern these Terms of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and the Company or any of our affiliates.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree not to commence or prosecute any action in connection with your use of the Services other than in the state and federal courts of California, and you hereby consent to and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non conveniens with respect to venue and jurisdiction in the state and federal courts of California.
Other terms and conditions
To the extent that a translation of these Terms of Use differs from the English language version, the English language version controls.
If the Company does not exercise or enforce any right, remedy, or provision of these Terms of Use, this shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision in that or any other instance.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated from these Terms of Use to the minimum extent necessary and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
These Terms of Use, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Fandom without restriction.
Any assignment attempted to be made in violation of these Terms of Use shall be void.
The Terms of Use, together with the Terms of Sale, the Privacy Policy and the Guidelines, is the entire agreement between you and Fandom relating to the subject matter herein and will not be modified except in writing, signed or otherwise agreed to by both parties, or by a change to these Terms of Use or Guidelines made by Fandom as set forth in Section 6 above. 