Feedly, Inc.
(“Company”) is committed to protecting your privacy.
We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the personal information we collect from users of our website located at http://feedly.com (the “Site”), our mobile application entitled “Feedly” (the “Application”), and services (the “Services”) that enable users to find, explore and curate RSS content that is of interest to you.1.
Questions.
Contacting Company.
Reporting ViolationsIf you have any questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations to us, please contact us at the following address or phone number:Feedly, Inc.285 Hamilton Avenue, Suite 250Palo Alto, CA 94301
2.
A Note About ChildrenWe do not intentionally gather personal information from visitors who are under the age of 13.
If a child under 13 submits personal information to the Company and we learn that the personal information is the information of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible.
If you believe that we might have any personal information from a child under 13, please contact us at: privacy@feedly.com.3.
Types of Data We CollectWe collect personal information from users, as described below.a.
Information You Provide to Us
When you order Services on our Site or App, we will collect all information necessary to complete the transaction, including your name, third party payment provider information (e.g.
credit card or PayPal account information), and billing information.
We may collect information about the types of news feeds (e.g.
tech, business, travel, education, etc.) that you add to or remove from the account you created to log into our network (“Account”).
We collect this information to suggest content that may be of interest to you and to tailor your experience to meet your special interests.
If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.
If you participate in a sweepstakes, contest or giveaway on our Site, we may ask you for your e-mail address and/or home number (to notify you if you win or not).
We may also ask for first and last names, and sometimes post office addresses to verify your identity.
In some situations we may need additional information as a part of the entry process, such as a prize selection choice.
These sweepstakes and contests are voluntary.
We recommend that you read the rules for each sweepstakes and contest that you enter.
We may also collect personal information, such as at other points in our Service that state that personal information is being collected.
(b) Information You Provide to Facebook and other Social Networking SitesThe Services allow users to access Facebook to interact with friends and to share on Facebook and/or Google+ through friends’ news feeds.
When you click on “Personalize with Facebook,” or a similar connection on another social networking service (each, an “SNS”), you will be prompted to enter your SNS credentials or to “Sign Up” for the SNS.
By proceeding, you are allowing the Services to access your information and you are agreeing to the Facebook or other SNS’s Terms of Use in your use of the Services.
In this case, we may receive information from Facebook or another SNS to make it easier for you to create an Account on the Site and show our relevant content from your Facebook or SNS friends.
Once you register on the Site and connect with Facebook or another SNS, you will be able to automatically post recent activity back to Facebook or the other SNS.
Any information that we collect from your Facebook or other SNS account may depend on the privacy settings you have with that SNS, so please consult the SNS’s privacy and data practices.
You have the option to disable the connection between the Services and your SNS account at any time by logging into your Account through the Site and going to settings, “About Me,” “Linked Accounts,” and then unselecting your SNS.(c) Information Collected via Technology
Log Files.
As is true of most websites and mobile applications, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (“ISP”), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around the Site, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Services to our users’ needs.
Except as noted in this Privacy Policy, we do not link this automaticallycollected data to personal information.
Mobile Services.
We may also collect non-personal information from your mobile device if you have downloaded our Application.
This information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you.
Examples of information that may be collected and used include how you use the Application, and information about the type of device you use.
In addition, in the event our Application crash on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device model software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our Application.
This information is sent to us as aggregated information and is not traceable to any individual and cannot be used to identify an individual.
Cookies.
Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information.
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the website.
We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Service.
This type of information is collected to make the Service more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.

Pixel Tags.
In addition, we use “Pixel Tagsb” (also referred to as clear Gifs, Web beacons, or Web bugs).
Pixel Tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to Cookies that are used to track online movements of Web users.
In contrast to Cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, Pixel Tags are embedded invisibly in Web pages.
Pixel Tags also allow us to send e-mail messages in a format users can read, and they tell us whether e-mails have been opened to ensure that we are sending only messages that are of interest to our users.
We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to a user.
We do not tie the information gathered by Pixel Tags to our users’ personal information.
Traffic Analytics.
We use a number of third party service provides, such as Google Analytics, to help analyze how users use the Service (“Analytics Companies”).
These Analytics Companies uses Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Service, what features they use on our Application, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Site.
We use the information we get from these Analytics Companies only to improve our Site, Application and Services.
These Analytics Companies collect only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Service, rather than your name or other personally identifying information.
We do not combine the information generated through the use of our Analytics Companies with your personal information.
Although these Analytics Companies may plant a persistent Cookie on your web browser or mobile device to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Service, the Cookie cannot be used by anyone but the Analytics Company that placed the applicable Cookie.
This Policy does not apply to and we are not responsible for the Cookies used by these Analytics Companies.
4.
Use of Your Personal information(a) General UseIn general, personal information you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better.
We use your personal information in the following ways:

facilitate the creation of and secure your Account on our network;
identify you as a user in our system;
provide improved administration of our Application and Services;
provide the Services you request;
improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Application and Services;
send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your Account was created;
send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories;
respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests.

send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to our Services and for other marketing purposes of Company.
(b) User FeedbackWe often receive comments from users who have had positive experiences with our Services.
We may post user feedback on the Site from time to time.
We will share your feedback with your first name and last initial only.
If we choose to post your first and last name along with your feedback, we will obtain your consent prior to posting you name with your feedback.(c) Creation of Anonymous DataWe may create anonymous data records from personal information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you.
We use this anonymous data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Services and improve Application navigation.
We reserve the right to use anonymous data for any purpose and disclose anonymous data to third parties in our sole discretion.5.
Disclosure of Your Personal informationWe disclose your personal information as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.(a) Third Parties Designated by YouWhen you use the Services, the personal information you provide will be shared with the third parties that you designate to receive such information.(b) Feedly TeamsIf you subscribe to our “Feedly Teams” service, you may curate and share content with other users of the Services who have linked their Accounts to your Feedly Team Account (collectively such members who have linked their Accounts (pursuant to the processes described in our Terms of Service) to your Account your “Team”).
If you subscribe to Feedly Teams, we will share the content you curate via the Services (“Curated Content”) with the other members of your Team.
We will not sell your Curated Content to any third party.(c) Third Party Service ProvidersWe may share your personal information with third party service providers to: provide you with the Services that we offer you through our Site.
to conduct quality assurance testing.
to facilitate creation of accounts.
to provide technical support.
and/or to provide other services to the Company.
These third party service providers are required not to use your personal information other than to provide the services requested by Company.(d) Social Networking Sites or Twitter).
If you choose to do this, we will provide information to such SNSs in accordance with your elections.
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of those websites and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the third party provider of such SNSs.
We will not be responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such SNSs.
(ii) the content, products or services on or availability of such SNSs.
or (iii) your use of any such SNSs.(e) Corporate RestructuringWe may share some or all of your personal information in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets.
In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, personal information may also be transferred as a business asset.
If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the personal information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.(f) Other DisclosuresRegardless of any choices you make regarding your personal information (as described below), Company may disclose personal information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (i) in connection with any legal investigation.
(ii) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Company.
(iii) to protect or defend the rights or property of Company or users of the Application or Services.
and/or (iv) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Use.6.
Your Choices Regarding Your Information.You have several choices regarding use of information on our Services:(a) Email CommunicationsWe will periodically send you free newsletters and emails that directly promote the use of our Site, Application or Services.
When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below).
Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.(b) Changing or Deleting Your Personal InformationYou may change any of your personal information in your Account by clicking the “Erase account” text within the “Organize” page of your Account or by visiting feedly.com/i/erase and following the directions therein.
You may requested deletion of your personal information by us, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, but please note that we may be required to keep such information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements).
When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.
We may also retain your information for fraud prevention or similar purposes.(c) Data CollectionYou can stop all collection of information by the Application by uninstalling the Application.
You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.7.
Security of Your Personal informationCompany is committed to protecting the security of your personal information.
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, while Company uses reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, Company cannot guarantee its absolute security.8.
Changes to This Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any material changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site and within our Application.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Site or within the Application.
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Service.
Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us with your most current e-mail address.
In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.
If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your personal information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your Account with us.
Continued use of our Site, Application or Service, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes. Please read this Terms of Use Agreement (the “Terms of Use”) carefully.
These Terms of Use govern your use of the website located at: http://feedly.com (the “Website”), the software application entitled “Feedly” (the “App”) and hosted services enabled or available via the Website and App (the “Services”) that are offered by feedly, Inc.
(the “Company” or “we”).
BY CLICKING ON THE “I ACCEPT” BUTTON, COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION PROCESS, BROWSING THE WEBSITE, USING THE SERVICES, AND/OR DOWNLOADING THE APP, YOU REPRESENT THAT (1) YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF USE, (2) YOU ARE OF LEGAL AGE TO FORM A BINDING CONTRACT WITH THE COMPANY, AND (3) YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THE TERMS OF USE PERSONALLY OR ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY YOU HAVE NAMED AS THE USER, AND TO BIND THAT COMPANY TO THE TERMS OF USE.
THE TERM “YOU” REFERS TO THE INDIVIDUAL OR LEGAL ENTITY, AS APPLICABLE, IDENTIFIED AS THE USER WHEN YOU REGISTERED ON THE WEBSITE.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF USE, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE, APP OR SERVICES.

THE TERMS OF USE INCLUDE A CLASS ACTION WAIVER AND A WAIVER OF JURY TRIALS, AND REQUIRE BINDING ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES.
Your use of, and participation in certain Services may be subject to additional terms (“Supplemental Terms”) and such Supplemental Terms will either be listed in these Terms or will be presented to you for your acceptance when you sign up to use the supplement Service.
If these Terms of Use and inconsistent with the Supplemental Terms, the Supplemental Terms will control with respect to such Service.
These Terms of Use and any applicable Supplemental Terms are referred to herein as the “Terms”.
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE TERMS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE BY THE COMPANY IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION AT ANY TIME.
When changes are made, the Company will make a new copy of the Terms of Use available at the Website and within the App.
We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Terms of Use.
If we make any material changes, and you have registered with us to create an Account (as defined in Section 2.1 below), we will also send an e-mail to you at the last e-mail address you provided to us pursuant to the Terms.
Any changes to the Terms will be effective immediately for new users of the Service, and will be effective thirty (30) days after posting notice of such changes on the Website for existing users, provided that any material changes shall be effective for users who have an Account with us upon the earlier of thirty (30) days after posting notice of such changes on the Website or thirty (30) days after dispatch of an e- mail notice of such changes to Registered Users (defined in Section 2.1 below).
The Company may require you to provide consent to the updated Terms in a specified manner before further use of the Service is permitted.
If you do not agree to any change(s) after receiving a notice of such change(s), you shall stop using the Services.
Otherwise, your continued use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of such change(s).
PLEASE REGULARLY CHECK THE WEBSITE TO VIEW THE THEN-CURRENT TERMS.1.
Use of the ServicesThe Website, App, and the Services provided by the Company via the Website and App (collectively, the “Company Properties”) are protected by copyright laws throughout the world.
Unless otherwise specified by the Company in a separate license, your right to use any Company Properties is subject to the Terms.1.1 Application LicenseSubject to your compliance with the Terms, the Company grants you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable, nonsublicensable, revocable license to download, install and use a copy of the App on a single mobile device or computer that you own or control and to run such copy of the App solely for your own personal or internal business purposes.
Furthermore, with respect to any App accessed through or downloaded from the Apple App Store, Google Chrome Web Store, Google Play marketplace or any similar store or marketing place (each, an “App Store” and references to an App Store include the corporate entity and its subsidiaries making such App Store available to you), you agree to comply with all applicable third party terms of the relevant App Store (e.g.
Apple App Store’s “Usage Rules”) (the “Usage Rules”).
1.2 UpdatesYou understand that the Company Properties are evolving.
As a result, the Company may require you to accept updates to the Company Properties that you have installed on your computer or mobile device.
You acknowledge and agree that the Company may update the Company Properties with or without notifying you.
You may need to update third-party software (e.g.
your device’s operating system) from time to time in order to use the Company Properties.1.3 Certain RestrictionsThe rights granted to you in the Terms are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, reproduce, distribute, host or otherwise commercially exploit the Company Properties or any portion of the Company Properties, (b) you shall not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other Company Properties (including images, text, page layout or form) of the Company.
(c) you shall not use any metatags or other “hidden text” using Company’s name or trademarks.
(d) you shall not modify, translate, adapt, merge, make derivative works of, disassemble, decompile, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Company Properties except to the extent the foregoing restrictions are expressly prohibited by applicable law.
(e) access the Company Properties in order to build a similar or competitive website, application or service.
(f) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Company Properties may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means.
and (g) you shall not remove or destroy any copyright notices or other proprietary markings contained on or in the Company Properties.
For the purposes of clarity, the foregoing restrictions do not apply to any Third Party Content (as defined in Section 4) made available via the Company Properties.
Any future release, update or other addition to the Company Properties shall be subject to the Terms.
The Company, its suppliers and service providers reserve all rights not granted in the Terms.
Any unauthorized use of the Company Properties terminates the licenses granted by the Company pursuant to the Terms.1.4 Unauthorized UseYou agree that you will not, under any circumstances: (a) interfere with or damage Company Properties, including, without limitation, through the use of viruses, cancel bots, Trojan horses, harmful code, flood pings, denial-of-service attacks, packet or IP spoofing, forged routing or electronic mail address information, or similar methods or technology.
(b) modify or cause to be modified any files that are a part of the Company Properties.
(c) disrupt, overburden, or aid or assist in the disruption or overburdening of: (i) any computer or server used to offer or support the Company Properties.
or (ii) the enjoyment of the Company Properties by any other person.
(d) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Company Properties, accounts registered to others, or to the computers, servers or networks connected to the Company Properties by any means other than the User (as defined in Section 2.1) interface provided by Company, including, but not limited to, by circumventing or modifying, attempting to circumvent or modify, or encouraging or assisting any other person to circumvent or modify, any security, technology, device or software that is part of the Company Properties.
(e) access, tamper with or use non-public areas of the Company Properties, the Company’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of the Company’s providers.
(f) attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any Company system or network, or breach any security or authentication measures.
(g) disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise cause harm to, the Company Properties, systems, resources, accounts, passwords, servers or networks connected to or accessible through the Company Properties or any affiliated or linked sites.
or (h) avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble, or otherwise circumvent any technological measure implemented by the Company or any of the Company’s providers or any other third party to protect the Company Properties.2.
Registration2.1 Registering Your AccountIn order to access certain features of the Company Properties you may be required to become a Registered User.
For purposes of the Terms, a “Registered User” is a user of the Services (“User”) who has registered an account on the Website or App (“Account”), or has a valid account on the social networking service (“SNS”) through which the User has connected to the App (each such account, a “Third-Party Account”).2.2 Access Through a SNS If you access the Services through a SNS, you may link your Account with Third-Party Accounts, by allowing the Company to access your Third-Party Account, as is permitted under the applicable terms and conditions that govern your use of each Third-Party Account.
You represent that you are entitled to disclose your Third-Party Account login information to the Company and/or grant the Company access to your Third-Party Account (including, but not limited to, for use for the purposes described herein) without breach by you of any of the terms and conditions that govern your use of the applicable Third-Party Account and without obligating the Company to pay any fees or making the Company subject to any usage limitations imposed by such third-party service providers.
You have the ability to disable the connection between your Account and your Third-Party Accounts at any time by accessing the “Settings” section of the App.
PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THE THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR THIRD-PARTY ACCOUNTS IS GOVERNED SOLELY BY YOUR AGREEMENT(S) WITH SUCH THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS, AND COMPANY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION THAT MAY BE PROVIDED TO IT BY SUCH THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS IN VIOLATION OF THE PRIVACY SETTINGS THAT YOU HAVE SET IN SUCH THIRD-PARTY ACCOUNTS2.3 Registration DataIn registering for use of the Services you agree to (1) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the App’sregistration form (the “Registration Data”).
and (2) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.
You represent that you are (x) at least thirteen (13) years old.
(y) of legal age to form a binding contract.
and (z) not a person barred from using the Company Properties under the laws of the United States, your place of residence or any other applicable jurisdiction.
You are responsible for all activities that occur under your Account.
You agree that you shall monitor your Account to restrict use by minors, and you will accept full responsibility for any unauthorized use of the Company Properties by minors.
You may not share your Account or password with anyone, and you agree to (a) notify the Company immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or any other breach of security.
and (b) exit from your Account at the end of each session.
If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or the Company has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, the Company has the right to suspend or terminate your Account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Company Properties (or any portion thereof).
You agree not to create an Account using a false identity or information, or on behalf of someone other than yourself.
You agree that you shall not have more than one Account per platform or SNS at any given time.
You agree not to create an Account or use the Company Properties if you have been previously removed by the Company, or if you have been previously banned from any of the Company Properties.2.4 Necessary Equipment and Software You must provide all equipment and software necessary to connect to the Company Properties, including but not limited to, a mobile device that is suitable to connect with and use the Company Properties, in the event you are using the App on a mobile device.
You are solely responsible for any fees, including Internet connection or mobile fees, that you incur when accessing the Company Properties.3.
Ownership3.1 Company PropertiesYou agree that the Company and its suppliers own all rights, title and interest in the Company Properties.
You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Company Properties.
Company’s stylized name and other related graphics, logos, service marks and trade names used on or in connection with the Company Properties are the trademarks of the Company and may not be used without permission in connection with any third-party products or services.
Other trademarks, service marks and trade names that may appear on or in the Company Properties are the property of their respective owners.3.2 Your Account Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, you acknowledge and agree that you shall have no ownership or other property interest in your Account, and you further acknowledge and agree that all rights in and to your Account are and shall forever be owned by and inure to the benefit of the Company.
3.3 FeedbackYou agree that submission of any ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals to the Company through its suggestion, feedback, wiki, forum or similar pages (“Feedback”) is at your own risk and that the Company has no obligations (including without limitation obligations of confidentiality) with respect to such Feedback.
You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to submit the Feedback.
You hereby grant to the Company a fully paid, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, perform, display, distribute, adapt, modify, re-format, create derivative works of, and otherwise commercially or non-commercially exploit in any manner, any and all Feedback, and to sublicense the foregoing rights, in connection with the operation and maintenance of the Company Properties.4.
No Obligation to Pre-Screen ContentYou acknowledge that the Company has no obligation to pre-screen information, data, text, music, sound, photographs, videos and other materials available on and through the Company Properties by third parties (“Third Party Content”), although the Company reserves the right in its sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse or remove any Third Party Content.
In the event that the Third Party Company pre-screens, refuses or removes any Third Party Content, you acknowledge that the Company will do so for the Company’s benefit, not yours.
Without limiting the foregoing, the Company shall have the right to remove any Third Party Content that violates the Terms or is otherwise objectionable.5.
Fees and Taxes5.1 GenerallyIf you purchase any of our paid Services, you agree to pay all fees or charges to your Account in accordance with the fees, charges and billing terms in effect at the time a fee or charge is due and payable.
You must provide the Company with a valid credit card (Visa, MasterCard, or any other issuer accepted by us) or PayPal account (“Payment Provider”), or purchase order information as a condition to signing up for the Services.
Your Payment Provider agreement governs your use of the designated credit card or PayPal account, and you must refer to that agreement and not the Terms to determine your rights and liabilities.
By providing the Company with your credit card number or PayPal account and associated payment information, you agree that the Company is authorized to immediately invoice your Account for all fees and charges due and payable to the Company hereunder and that no additional notice or consent is required.
You agree to immediately notify the Company of any change in your billing address or the credit card or PayPal account used for payment hereunder.
The Company reserves the right at any time to change its prices and billing methods, either immediately upon posting on the Company Properties or by e-mail delivery to you.
5.2 Service Subscription Fees You will be responsible for payment of the applicable fee for any Services (each, a “Service Subscription Fee”) at the time you create your Account and select your monthly package (each, a “Service Commencement Date”).
Except as set forth in the Terms, all fees for the Services are non-refundable.
No contract will exist between you and the Company for the Services until the Company accepts your order by a confirmatory e-mail, SMS/MMS message, or other appropriate means of communication.5.3 Automatic RenewalYour subscription will continue indefinitely until terminated in accordance with the Terms.
After your initial subscription period, and again after any subsequent subscription period, your subscription will automatically commence on the first day following the end of such period (each a “Renewal Commencement Date”) and continue for an additional equivalent period, at the Company’s then-current price for such subscription.
You agree that your Account will be subject to this automatic renewal feature unless you cancel your subscription at any time prior to the Renewal Commencement Date by logging into and going to the “Change/Cancel Membership” page of your “Account Settings” page.
If you do not wish your Account to renew automatically, or if you want to change or terminate your subscription, please log in and go to the “Change/Cancel Membership” page on your “Account Settings” page.
If you cancel your subscription, you may use your subscription until the end of your then-current subscription term.
your subscription will not be renewed after your then-current term expires.
However, you will not be eligible for a prorated refund of any portion of the subscription fee paid for the then-current subscription period.
By subscribing, you authorize the Company to charge your Payment Provider now, and again at the beginning of any subsequent subscription period.
Upon renewal of your subscription, if the Company does not receive payment from your Payment Provider, (i) you agree to pay all amounts due on your Account upon demand, and/or (ii) you agree that the Company may either terminate or suspend your subscription and continue to attempt to charge your Payment Provider until payment is received (upon receipt of payment, your Account will be activated and for purposes of automatic renewal, your new subscription commitment period will begin as of the day payment was received).5.4 Taxeshe Company’s fees are net of any applicable Sales Tax.
If any Services, or payments for any Services, under the Terms are subject to Sales Tax in any jurisdiction and you have not remitted the applicable Sales Tax to the Company, you will be responsible for the payment of such Sales Tax and any related penalties or interest to the relevant tax authority, and you will indemnify the Company for any liability or expense we may incur in connection with such Sales Taxes.
Upon our request, you will provide us with official receipts issued by the appropriate taxing authority, or other such evidence that you have paid all applicable taxes.
For purposes of this section, “Sales Tax” shall mean any sales or use tax, and any other tax measured by sales proceeds, that the Company is permitted to pass to its customers, that is the functional equivalent of a sales tax where the applicable taxing jurisdiction does not otherwise impose a sales or use tax.6.
App StoresYou acknowledge and agree that the availability of the App is dependent on the App Store from which you received the App license.
You acknowledge that the Terms are between you and the Company and not with the App Store.
The Company, not the App Store, is solely responsible for the Company Properties, including the App, the content thereof, maintenance, support services, and warranty therefor, and addressing any claims relating thereto (e.g., product liability, legal compliance or intellectual property infringement).
In order to use the App, you must have access to a wireless network, and you agree to pay all fees associated with such access.
You also agree to pay all fees (if any) charged by the App Store in connection with the Company Properties, including the App.
You agree to comply with, and your license to use the App is conditioned upon your compliance with, all applicable third-party terms of agreement (e.g., the App Store’s terms and policies) when using the Company Properties, including the App.
You acknowledge that the App Store (and its subsidiaries) are thirdparty beneficiaries of the Terms and will have the right to enforce them.7.
IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify and hold the Company, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors (collectively, the “Company Parties”) harmless from any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) relating to or arising out of: (a) your use of, or inability to use, the Company Properties.
(b) your violation of the Terms.
or (c) your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations.
The Company reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with the Company in asserting any available defenses.
You agree that the provisions in this section will survive any termination of your Account, the Terms or your access to the Company Properties.8.
Disclaimer of WarrantiesYOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOUR USE OF THE COMPANY PROPERTIES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, AND THE COMPANY PROPERTIES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITH ALL FAULTS.
COMPANY PARTIES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
THE COMPANY PARTIES MAKE NO WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR CONDITION THAT: (1) THE COMPANY PROPERTIES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS.
(2) YOUR USE OF THE COMPANY PROPERTIES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE.
(3) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE COMPANY PROPERTIES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE.
OR (4) ANY ERRORS IN THE COMPANY PROPERTIES WILL BE CORRECTED.
THE SERVICES MAY BE SUBJECT TO DELAYS, CANCELLATIONS AND OTHER DISRUPTIONS.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM COMPANY OR THROUGH THE COMPANY PROPERTIES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN.9.
Limitation of Liability9.1 Disclaimer of Certain DamagesYOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE OR DATA, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMPANY PROPERTIES, OR DAMAGES OR COSTS DUE TO LOSS OF PRODUCTION OR USE, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR PERSONAL OR PROPERTY DAMAGE OR EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, WHETHER OR NOT COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE TERMS, OR FROM ANY COMMUNICATIONS, INTERACTIONS OR MEETINGS WITH OTHER USERS OF THE COMPANY PROPERTIES, ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, RESULTING FROM: (1) THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE COMPANY PROPERTIES.
(2) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED FOR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE COMPANY PROPERTIES.
(3) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA.
(4) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE COMPANY PROPERTIES.
OR (5) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATED TO THE COMPANY PROPERTIES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, COPYRIGHT, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY.9.2 Cap on LiabilityUNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE COMPANY PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR MORE THAN THE AMOUNT RECEIVED BY THE COMPANY AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE COMPANY PROPERTIES IN THE SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD DURING WHICH YOU FIRST ASSERT A CLAIM.
IF YOU HAVE NOT PAID THE COMPANY ANY AMOUNTS IN THE SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD DURING WHICH YOU FIRST ASSERT ANY SUCH CLAIM, COMPANY’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO FIFTY DOLLARS ($50).9.3 Basis of the BargainTHE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN COMPANY AND YOU.
CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES.
IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.10.
Term and Termination10.1 TermThe Terms commence on the date when you accept them (as described in the preamble above) and remain in full force and effect while you use the Company Properties, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the Terms.10.2 Termination of Services by CompanyYou will have thirty (30) days from the Service Commencement Date, or any Renewal Commencement Date, for any Services hereunder, to cancel such Service, in which case the Company will refund your Service Subscription Fee, if already paid pursuant to Section 5.2 or 5.3, for the applicable Service.
Except as set forth above, the Service Subscription Fee for any Service shall be non-refundable.
If timely payment cannot be charged to your Payment Provider for any reason, if you have materially breached any provision of the Terms, or if the Company is required to do so by law (e.g., where the provision of the Website, the App, or the Services is, or becomes, unlawful), the Company has the right to, immediately and without notice, suspend or terminate any Services provided to you.
You agree that all terminations for cause shall be made in the Company’s sole discretion and that the Company shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your Account.10.3 Termination of Services by YouIf you want to terminate the Services provided by the Company, you may do so by (a) notifying the Company at any time and (b) closing your Account for all of the Services that you use.
Your notice should be sent, in writing, to the Company's address set forth below.
10.4 Effect of TerminationTermination of any Service includes removal of access to such Service and barring of further use of the Service.
Termination of all Services also includes deletion of your password and all related information, files and Content associated with or inside your Account (or any part thereof), including Your Content.
Upon termination of any Service, your right to use such Service will automatically terminate immediately.
You understand that any termination of Services may involve deletion of Your Content associated therewith from our live databases.
The Company will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any suspension or termination, including for deletion of Your Content.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive, shall survive termination of Services, including without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitation of liability.11.
Remedies11.1 Violations If the Company becomes aware of any possible violations by you of the Terms, the Company reserves the right to investigate such violations.
If, as a result of the investigation, the Company believes that criminal activity has occurred, the Company reserves the right to refer the matter to, and to cooperate with, any and all applicable legal authorities.
The Company is entitled, except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, to disclose any information or materials on or in the Company Properties, including Your Content, in the Company’s possession in connection with your use of the Company Properties, to (1) comply with applicable laws, legal process or governmental request.
(2) enforce the Terms, (3) respond to any claims that Your Content violates the rights of third parties, (4) respond to your requests for customer service, or (5) protect the rights, property or personal safety of the Company, its Users or the public, and all enforcement or other government officials, as the Company in its sole discretion believes to be necessary or appropriate.11.2 No Subsequent RegistrationIf your registration(s) with or ability to access the Company Properties is discontinued by the Company due to your violation of any portion of the Terms or for conduct otherwise inappropriate for the community, then you agree that you shall not attempt to re-register with or access the Company Properties or any Company community through use of a different member name or otherwise, and you acknowledge that you will not be entitled to receive a refund for fees related to those Company Properties to which your access has been terminated.
In the event that you violate the immediately preceding sentence, the Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to immediately take any or all of the actions set forth herein without any notice or warning to you.12.
International UsersThe Company Properties can be accessed from countries around the world and may contain references to services and content that are not available in your country.
These references do not imply that the Company intends to announce such services or content in your country.
The Company Properties are controlled and offered by the Company from its facilities in the United States of America.
The Company makes no representations that the Company Properties are appropriate or available for use in other locations.
Those who access or use the Company Properties from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law.13.
General Provisions13.1 Electronic CommunicationsThe communications between you and the Company use electronic means, whether you visit the Company Properties or send the Company e-mails, or whether the Company posts notices on the Company Properties or communicates with you via e-mail.
For contractual purposes, you (1) consent to receive communications from the Company in an electronic form.
and (2) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that the Company provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would satisfy if it were to be in writing.
The foregoing does not affect your statutory rights.13.2 Release You hereby release the Company Parties and their successors from claims, demands, any and all losses, damages, rights, and actions of any kind, including personal injuries, death, and property damage, that is either directly or indirectly related to or arises from your use of the Company Properties, including but not limited to, any interactions with or conduct of other Users or third-party websites of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of the Terms or your use of the Company Properties.
If you are a California resident, you hereby waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which states, “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.13.3 AssignmentThe Terms, and your rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated or otherwise transferred by you without the Company’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void.13.4 Force MajeureThe Company shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargos, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials.13.5 Questions, Complaints, Claimsf you have any questions, complaints or claims with respect to the Company Properties, please contact us at:terms@feedly.com.
We will do our best to address your concerns.
If you feel that your concerns have been addressed incompletely, we invite you to let us know for further investigation.13.6 Limitations PeriodYOU AND THE COMPANY AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE TERMS, THE COMPANY PROPERTIES OR THE CONTENT MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES.
OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.13.7 Arbitration Agreement.
Class Waiver.
Waiver of Trial by Jury
Please read this Arbitration Agreement carefully.
It is part of your contract with Company and affects your rights.
It contains procedures for MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER.

(a) Applicability of Arbitration Agreement.
All claims and disputes (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief as set forth below) in connection with the Terms or the use of any product or service provided by the Company that cannot be resolved informally or in small claims court shall be resolved by binding arbitration on an individual basis under the terms of this Arbitration Agreement.
This Arbitration Agreement applies to you and the Company, and to any subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or goods provided under the Terms.
(b) Notice Requirement and Informal Dispute Resolution.
Before either party may seek arbitration, the party must first send to the other party a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”) describing the nature and basis of the claim or dispute, and the requested relief.
A Notice to the Company should be sent to: 285 Hamilton Avenue, Suite 250, Palo Alto CA 94301, USA.
After the Notice is received, you and the Company may attempt to resolve the claim or dispute informally.
If you and the Company do not resolve the claim or dispute within 30 days after the Notice is received, either party may begin an arbitration proceeding.
The amount of any settlement offer made by any party may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator has determined the amount of the award, if any, to which either party is entitled.
(c) Arbitration Rules.
Arbitration shall be initiated through the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), an established alternative dispute resolution provider (“ADR Provider”) that offers arbitration as set forth in this section.
If AAA is not available to arbitrate, the parties shall agree to select an alternative ADR Provider.
The rules of the ADR Provider shall govern all aspects of this arbitration, including but not limited to the method of initiating and/or demanding arbitration, except to the extent such rules are in conflict with the Terms.
The AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules governing the arbitration are available online at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879.
The arbitration shall be conducted by a single, neutral arbitrator.
Any claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is less than Ten Thousand U.S.
Dollars (US $10,000.00 ) may be resolved through binding non-appearance-based arbitration, at the option of the party seeking relief.
For claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is Ten Thousand U.S.
Dollars (US $10,000.00) or more, the right to a hearing will be determined by the Arbitration Rules.
Any hearing will be held in a location within 100 miles of your residence, unless you reside outside of the United States, and unless the parties agree otherwise.
Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Each party shall bear its own costs (including attorney’s fees) and disbursements arising out of the arbitration, and shall pay an equal share of the fees and costs of the ADR Provider.

(d) Additional Rules for Non-appearance Based Arbitration: If non-appearance arbitration is elected, the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or based solely on written submissions.
the specific manner shall be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration.
The arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties.
(e) Time Limits.
If you or the Company pursue arbitration, the arbitration action must be initiated and/or demanded within the statute of limitations (i.e., the legal deadline for filing a claim) and within any deadline imposed under the AAA Rules for the pertinent claim.
(f) Authority of Arbitrator.
If arbitration is initiated, the arbitrator will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and the Company, and the dispute will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties.
The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim.
The arbitrator shall have the authority to award monetary damages and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the AAA Rules, and the Terms.
The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded.
The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have.
The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and the Company.

(g) Waiver of Jury Trial.
THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY, instead electing that all claims and disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement.
Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient and less costly than rules applicable in court and are subject to very limited review by a court.
In the event any litigation should arise between you and the Company in any state or federal court in a suit to vacate or enforce an arbitration award or otherwise, YOU AND THE COMPANY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL, instead electing that the dispute be resolved by a judge.
(h) Waiver of Class or Consolidated Actions.
ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS BASIS, AND CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED JOINTLY OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER.
(i) Confidentiality.
All aspects of the arbitration proceeding, including but not limited to the award of the arbitrator and compliance therewith, shall be strictly confidential.
The parties agree to maintain confidentiality unless otherwise required by law.
This Paragraph shall not prevent a party from submitting to a court of law any information necessary to enforce this Agreement, to enforce an arbitration award, or to seek injunctive or equitable relief.
(j) Severability.
If any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Agreement shall continue in 
(k) Right to Waive.
Any or all of the rights and limitations set forth in this Agreement may be waived by the party against whom the claim is asserted.
Such waiver shall not waive or effect any other portion of this Agreement.
(l) Survival of Agreement.
This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Company.
(m) Small Claims Court.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either you or the Company may bring an individual action in small claims court.
(n) Emergency Equitable Relief.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may seek emergency equitable relief before a state or federal court in order to maintain the status quo pending arbitration.
A request for interim measures shall not be deemed a waiver of any other rights or obligations under this Arbitration Agreement.
(o) Claims Not Subject To Arbitration.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, claims of defamation, violation of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and infringement or misappropriation of the other party’s patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret shall not be subject to this arbitration agreement.

(p) Courts.
In any circumstances where the foregoing Agreement permits the parties to litigate in court, the parties hereby agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within San Diego County, California, for such purpose.

13.8 Governing LawThe Terms and any action related thereto will be governed and interpreted by and under the laws of the State of California, consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act, without giving effect to any principles that provide for the application of the law of another jurisdiction.
The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement.13.9 NoticeWhere the Company requires that you provide an e-mail address, you are responsible for providing the Company with your most current e-mail address.
In the event that the last e-mail address you provided to the Company is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you any notices required/ permitted by the Terms, the Company’s dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice.
You may give notice to the Company at the following address: terms@feedly.com.
Such notice shall be deemed given when received by the Company by letter delivered by nationally recognized overnight delivery service or first class postage prepaid mail at the above address.13.10 WaiverAny waiver or failure to enforce any provision of the Terms on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion.13.11 SeverabilityIf any provision of the Terms is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of the Terms will remain enforceable, and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law.13.12 Export Control You may not use, export, import, or transfer the Company Properties except as authorized by U.S.
law, the laws of the jurisdiction in which you obtained the Company Properties, and any other applicable laws.
In particular, but without limitation, the Company Properties may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any United States embargoed countries, or (b) to anyone on the U.S.
Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S.
Department of Commerce’s Denied Person’s List or Entity List.
By using the Company Properties, you represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
You also will not use the Company Properties for any purpose prohibited by U.S.
law, including the development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons.
You acknowledge and agree that products, services or technology provided by Company are subject to the export control laws and regulations of the United States.
You shall comply with these laws and regulations and shall not, without prior U.S.
government authorization, export, re-export, or transfer the Company products, services or technology, either directly or indirectly, to any country in violation of such laws and regulations.13.13 Accessing and Download the Application from an App StoreThe following applies to any App accessed through or downloaded from an App Store:

(a) You acknowledge and agree that (i) the Terms are concluded between you and the Company only, and not Apple, Google or Microsoft, and (ii) the Company, not Apple, Google or Microsoft, is solely responsible for the App and content thereof.
Your use of the App must comply with the applicable App Store’s terms of service or usage rules.

(b) You acknowledge that the App Store has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App.
(c) In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify the App Store, and the App Store will refund the purchase price for the App to you and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, neither Apple, Google or Microsoft will have any other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App.
As between the Company and the App Store, any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of the Company.
(d) You and the Company acknowledge that, as between the Company and the App Store, the App Store is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third party relating to the App or your possession and use of the App, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims.
(ii) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement.
and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
(e) You and the Company acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that the App or your possession and use of that App infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, as between the Company and App Store, the Company, not the App Store, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by the Terms.

(f) You and the Company acknowledge and agree that (i) Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of the Terms as related to your license of the App from the Apple App Store, (ii) Google and Google’s subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of the Terms as related to your license of the App from the Android market or Google Play App Stores, and (iii) Microsoft and its subsidiaries are third-parties beneficiaries of the Terms as related to your license of the App from the Windows Phone Apps + Games Store.
and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Terms, Apple, Google, or Microsoft, as applicable, will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the Terms as related to your license of the App against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.

(g) Without limiting any other terms of the Terms, you must comply with all applicable third-party terms of agreement when using the App.
13.14 Entire AgreementThe Terms are the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between the parties with respect to such subject matter.