  Flickr Policy on Cookies Date of Last Revision: August 19, 2018
What are cookies?
Cookies are small strings of characters that can be placed on your computer or mobile device via standard browser techniques that uniquely identifies your browser or device.
We may use technologies like cookies, pixels and local storage to deliver, secure, and understand products and services.
What are cookies used for?
Cookies and other technologies allow a site or service to know if your computer or device has visited it before.
These technologies can then be used to deliver products and services, help us understand how the site or service is being used, help you navigate between pages efficiently, help remember your preferences, and generally enable and improve your experience in using those services.
Cookies can also help ensure marketing you see online is more relevant to you and your interests.
How long will cookies stay on my device?
The length of time a cookie will stay on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a "persistent" or "session" cookie.
Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing.
Persistent cookies stay on your computer or mobile device until they expire or are deleted.
First and third party cookies
First-party cookies are cookies that belong to Flickr, third-party cookies are cookies that another party accesses or places on your device through our Service.
Third-party cookies may be placed on your device by someone providing a service for Flickr, for example to help us understand how our service is being used.
Third-party cookies may also be placed on your device by our business partners so that they can use them to advertise products and services to you elsewhere on the Internet.
These companies’ use of cookies and similar technologies is subject to their own privacy policies, not the Flickr Privacy Policy.
Why does Flickr use cookies and similar technologies?
We use cookies, pixels, local storage, and similar technologies to show you relevant content, improve your experience, and help protect Flickr and our users.
We may use these technologies to deliver the service, provide you with a service that is easy to use, enable you to move around the Service and use its features, such as accessing secure areas, and storing information so that Flickr can respond faster.
We may use these technologies to collect information about how you use the Service, for example which pages you go to most often and if you get error messages from certain pages.
We may use these technologies to allow us to remember choices you make (such as your user name, the currency you wish to view purchases in or content you have provided access credentials to) and tailor the Service to provide enhanced features and content for you.
Flickr or our advertising partners may use these technologies to deliver advertising that is relevant to your interests, for example if you are already a Flickr customer, they could be used to not show you advertisements to join Flickr.
These technologies can remember that your device has visited a site or service, and may also be able to track your device's browsing activity on other sites or services other than Flickr which also make use of the services of these third parties.
This information may be shared with organizations outside Flickr, such as advertisers and/or advertising networks to deliver the advertising, and to help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign.
We may use these technologies to understand, improve, and research products and services.
The cookies we use generally fall into one of the following categories.


Category of Cookies
Why we use these cookies


Technical/Required
These cookies are essential for our services to function properly.
Like the other cookies we use, technical cookies may be either first-party cookies or third-party cookies.


Preferences
We use these cookies to remember your settings and preferences.
For example, we may use these cookies to remember your language preferences.


Performance
We use these cookies to collect information about how you interact with our services and to help us improve them.
For example, we may use these cookies to determine if you have interacted with a certain page.


Analytics
We use these cookies to help us understand and improve our services.For example, we can use these cookies to learn more about which features are the most popular with our users and where we may need to make improvements.


Advertising
We and our advertising partners use these cookies to deliver advertisements, to make them more relevant and meaningful to visitors to our website, and to track the efficiency of our advertising campaigns.


How to control cookies or other collection mechanisms
Follow the instructions provided by your browser or mobile device (usually located within the "Help", "Tools" or "Edit" facility) to modify your cookie settings.
Please be advised that if you set your browser to disable cookies or other technologies, you may not be able to access certain parts of our Service and other parts of our Service will not work properly.
In addition, you have other choices with respect to how cookies are used:


To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can install Google’s opt-out browser add-on.


For information on how our advertising partners allow you to opt out of receiving ads based on your web browsing history, please visit http://optout.aboutads.info.
European users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising through the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance.


To opt out of ads on Facebook, Pinterest, or Google that are targeted to your interests, use your Facebook, Pinterest, or Google Ads settings.


Check your mobile device for settings that control ads based on your interactions with the applications on your device.
For example, on your iOS device, enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting, and on your Android device, enable the “Opt out of Ads Personalization” setting.


To delete or disable flash cookies please visit https://www.adobe.com/devnet/flashplayer/security.html.

   Flickr Community guidelines Flickr accounts are intended for members to share original photos and video that they themselves have created.
These Community Guidelines are here to help you understand what it means to be a member of Flickr.
Don't forget that your use of Flickr is subject to these Community Guidelines and our Terms of Service.
Things to do


Play nice
We're a global community of many types of people, who all have the right to feel comfortable and who may not think what you think, believe what you believe, or see what you see.
So, be polite and respectful in your interactions with other members.


Only upload content that you have created.
Respect the copyright of others.
This means don't steal photos or videos that other people have shared and pass them off as your own.
(That's what favorites and galleries are for.)


Moderate your content.
All content on Flickr, whether public or private, has to be appropriately moderated using our safety and content filters.


Link back to Flickr when you post your Flickr content elsewhere.
Flickr makes it possible to post content hosted on Flickr to other web sites.
Pages on other web sites that display content hosted on Flickr must provide a link from each photo or video back to its page on Flickr.
This provides a way to get more information about the content and the photographer.


Enjoy Flickr!
This is your community.
Celebrate your creativity, be social and share what's important to you.
See the world through others' eyes, participate, find your muse, and expand your horizons!


Things not to do
Here's the deal: We like to give second chances.
However, when we discover you stepping across any of the lines listed below, we will take action, which may mean deleting your account with or without warning.


Don't upload collections of photos that aren’t yours.
This includes other people's photos, video, and/or stuff you've copied or collected from around the Internet.
Accounts that consist of such collections may be deleted at any time.


Don't violate copyright laws
If you see photos or videos that you've created in another member's photostream, don't panic.
This is probably just a misunderstanding and not malicious.
A good first step is to contact them via FlickrMail and politely ask them to remove it.
If that doesn’t work, you can file a Notice with Flickr's Designated Copyright Agent.


Don't forget to moderate your content
Set the appropriate content filters for your images and videos.
In general, anything containing mature content (e.g.
nudity, gore) needs to be moderated appropriately.
This includes your buddy icon and cover photo.
Also, sexually explicit videos (e.g.
pornography) are not permitted.
Videos of artistic nature or educational purpose that contain nudity may be allowed under the moderate safety setting.
For additional details check here.


Don’t forget to set the appropriate content type
Set the appropriate content type for your images.
In general, anything that is not a photo or video should be classified as a Screenshot or Art/Illustration.
For additional details check here.


Don’t harm children
To say that Flickr has a zero tolerance policy towards harmful content involving minors would be an understatement.
In protecting children from criminal predators, particularly in crimes involving child sexual abuse, we will aggressively report and cooperate with law enforcement with the goal of prosecuting to the full extent of the law.
This includes, but is not limited to, images, video, comments, faves, and other communications.


Don't be creepy.
You know the guy.
Don't be that guy.
If you are that guy, your account will be deleted.


Don't upload content that is illegal or prohibited.
This includes but is not limited to drug use, bestiality, and terrorism.
If we find you doing it, your account will be deleted and we'll take appropriate action, which may include reporting you to law enforcement.


Don’t harass other users
Flickr is not a venue for you to harass, abuse, spam, impersonate, or intimidate others.
So, be polite and respectful in your interactions with other users.


Don’t violate users’ privacy.
Flickr has a zero tolerance policy towards distributing sexually graphic images of another person without that person’s consent (Non-Consensual Pornography).
If you’re a victim, please go here for 24-hour support, and here to meet the Badass Army.


Don’t use hate speech.
Flickr has a zero-tolerance policy towards attacking a person or group based on, but is not limited to, race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, disability, disease, age, sexual orientation, gender, or gender identity.
Here are some suggestions for confronting hate online.


Don’t promote or encourage self-harm.
We do not tolerate promotion of self-harm or the encouragement of others to do things that might cause them to get hurt.


Don't host web graphics
Flickr is not a place to host generic graphic elements of web page designs, logos, banners, icons, and other non-photographic elements.


Don’t spam
We do not tolerate spam, period.
This includes, but is not limited to, excessive favoriting, excessive commenting, deceptive tagging, deceptive photo titles and descriptions, or resource abuse.


Don't use Flickr for commercial activity, unless you’re a Flickr Pro.
Only Flickr Pro members are permitted to link directly to a shopping cart, checkout page, or pricing pages on other sites.
Flickr Pros may also list prices for their products in their Flickr photo descriptions.
For more information about Flickr Pro accounts go here.


In Conclusion
If you don't feel that you can abide by our Community Guidelines as outlined above, maybe Flickr isn't for you.
We've crafted these guidelines to ensure that everyone within the Flickr community has a good time.
You may also want to check out our Help Center and Privacy Policy.
If you ever have any questions or comments, we'd love to hear from you.
Please feel free to drop us a line via our webform.
The Flickreenos, Dec 17, 2018   Flickr Privacy Policy For SmugMug’s Privacy Policy click here.
Date of Last Revision: April 30, 2020
Flickr, Inc.
("Flickr") is passionately committed to the privacy of our customers.
We strive to create consistent standards for all of our users.
This agreement was written in English (US).
To the extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.
If any portion of this statement is found to be unenforceable, the remaining portion will remain in full force and effect.
This Privacy Policy explains how Flickr collects, uses and discloses information from and about you when you use the Flickr services, including the Flickr mobile and Apple TV applications and Flickr website (collectively, the "Services").
It does not cover data relating to the SmugMug service.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, if the changes are significant, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification).
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
For information about how to change your privacy settings, please see: https://help.flickr.com/en_us/change-your-privacy-settings-rygl6XoJm.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us.
For example, we collect information when you:


Create an account and subscribe to our digital photography, media hosting or other services;


Purchase photo prints or other products or services;


Participate in a survey, contest or sweepstakes;


Contact us for any reason, such as to request help with the Services or to provide us with your comments/feedback.
or


Post information in connection with your photos (e.g., in a photo caption) or in other forums or interactive areas of the Services.


Otherwise communicate with Flickr.


The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, phone number, fax number, credit card information, bank transfer information, title, gender, and other information you choose to provide.
You have the option of telling us how you wish to be identified in connection with your photos, comments and elsewhere using the Services.
If you choose to use your real name (or include any identifying information as part of your "nickname") that information will be publicly displayed through the Services.
Therefore, please use caution in determining how you wish to be identified in using the Services.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about your use of the Services, including:


Log Information: We log information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.


Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, screen resolution, color and depth, device identifiers and mobile network information.


Location Information: With your consent, we may collect information about the location of your device.
For example, we use your location information to provide you with the option to add POI data to your photo.
For more details, please see "Your Choices" below.


Photo Location Information: When you upload a photo with geographical data (i.e.
from a mobile device) or manually geotag your photo, we collect the location of that photo.
With your consent, we collect information about your location if you take a photo within the Flickr mobile application to add to your photo’s metadata.


EXIF Data: Exchangeable Image File Format (“EXIF”) data is a record of the settings and other relevant metadata inserted by a digital camera when you take a photo or video such as camera type, aperture, shutter speed, focal length, and location (as described above), among other information.
Unless you turn off EXIF data on your camera or device or remove it from the picture before uploading to Flickr, Flickr receives and stores EXIF data.


Object and Scene Type Recognition Technology
We use image recognition algorithms to find visually similar images as well as to help you organize your photos and make it easier to search images.
This technology might identify and tag scenes, actions, objects.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use various technologies to collect information, including cookies, web beacons and similar technologies.
Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us to provide and improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits, and for our advertising and analytics purposes.
We use cookies to keep you logged in to the Services, to count the number of unique computers using the Services and to record your user preferences.
We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels").
Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
You may be able to set your web browser to refuse certain types of cookies, or to alert you when certain types of cookies are being sent.
Some browsers offer similar settings for HTML5 local storage, and Flash storage can be managed here.
For more information and more detailed options, please see the “Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others” section below.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services.
For example, if you create or log into your account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information and friends lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site.
We may receive updated information about you, such as an updated billing address, from the financial institution issuing your credit card in connection with our billing for the Services.
When somebody buys a gift for you on our service, we’ll receive your shipping information from the purchaser.
Users also can share another person’s email address with us through features that can invite the other person to view the user’s content.
Use of Information
Our use of the following information, which we call “Photographer Personal Data,” is limited by our agreements with our registered users: (i) images and videos that the user uploads to or creates in the Services, and (ii) any labels, tags, comments, descriptions or categorizations that user adds to those images and videos in the Services.
We use other information for the following purposes:


To analyze, personalize and improve our Services;


To provide the products and Services you order;


To respond to questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries;


To facilitate contests, sweepstakes and surveys;


To enforce the legal terms that govern our business and commercial relationships;


To comply with law and legal process and protect rights, safety and property.
and


For other purposes requested or permitted by our users or other relevant individuals, such as website visitors.


We also may use personal information to create appropriately aggregated or anonymized data, which is not subject to this Privacy Policy, and which we may use or disclose for any purpose.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:


With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;


In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;


If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Flickr or others;


In connection with, or in anticipation of, any merger, divestiture, consolidation, bankruptcy, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, or other significant corporate event (in which case the acquiring entity may use the information pursuant to its own privacy policies and procedures, to the extent legally permissible).
and


With your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.


We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you.
Our sharing of Photographer Personal Data is governed by our agreement with the user who posted it.
If you contact us regarding a request or complaint about Photographer Personal Data, we may forward your communication to the user who posted it.
Social Sharing Features and Third-Party Integrations
The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa.
The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends, the public, and others, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature, and depending on that entity’s other sharing practices.
For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Additionally, you may give certain third-party apps different levels of permissions to interact with your account to take advantage of things like photo editing tools.
If you want to stop using one of these apps and revoke your permission, click the "Remove Permission" link under "Sharing &amp.
Extending" on your account page and remove that permission.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services.
These entities may use cookies, web beacons, mobile device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information.
This information may be used by Flickr and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and better understand your online activity.
For more information about interest-based-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices from each browser that you use to access our websites.
You can opt out of Google’s collection or use of your data for ad personalization purposes in any particular browser there or at https://www.google.com/ads/preferences.
You also can opt out of Google Analytics by installing Google Analytics’ opt-out browser add-on in each browser.
Your device should also include a feature (“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt Out of Ads Personalization” on Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through apps used for interest-based advertising purposes.
Legal Basis for Processing
The laws in some jurisdictions require companies to tell you about the legal grounds that allow them to use or disclose your personal data.
Where those laws apply, our legal grounds are:


Legitimate interests: We often handle personal data because it furthers the legitimate interests of Flickr (or of our customers, affiliates, business partners, or suppliers) in business activities such as the ones listed below, and because that handling of data does not unduly impact your interests, rights, and freedoms:


Facilitating free speech, artistic expression, and journalism;


Providing customer service;


Some of our marketing and advertising activities;


Analyzing and improving business activities;


Protecting business activities, individuals, and property (for example, protecting against abuse of our Services).
and


Managing risks and legal issues.




To honor our contractual commitments to the individual: Some of our handling of personal data is necessary to meet our contractual obligations to individuals, or to take steps at the person's request because we are planning to enter into a contract with them.
For example, when we process an individual’s personal payment data for a subscription, we are relying on this basis.


Consent:


If the law requires consent, and in some other cases, we handle personal data on the basis of consent.
For example, we conduct some of our marketing-related activities on the basis of consent.


If the law allows, we may be able to infer consent from the circumstances.




Legal compliance: We sometimes need to use and disclose personal data to comply with our legal obligations.


Legal claims: Sometimes we use or disclose personal data because it is necessary to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims.


We process a user’s Photographer Personal Data as the user’s “processor” (under the GDPR and similar laws) or “service provider” (under the California Consumer Privacy Act) as set forth in our agreement with the user.
Security
Flickr takes physical, technical and administrative measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
However, no security measure is perfect.
Flickr cannot and does not promise that any information will remain secure.
Data Retention
We store the information we collect about you for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless the law requires us to keep it for a longer period of time.
Information in copies made for backup and business continuity may remain for longer than the original data.
For example, photos and videos that are marked for deletion, or that are in an account that gets closed, are de-published almost immediately and are permanently removed from backup copies 30 days later.
Data Transfers
To provide the Services, we may transfer your information to servers operated by Flickr or our service providers or affiliates in the United States or other countries.
When we transfer information from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or UK to countries that the European Commission has not deemed to provide an adequate level of protection, we normally do so on the basis of either (i) Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission for such purpose or (ii) the recipient’s participation in the EU- U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework (described below).
You may request a copy of the Standard Contractual Clauses by contacting us as described below.
Flickr, Inc.
complies with the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data we receive in the U.S.
from the European Economic Area, and Switzerland.
This commitment extends to the personal information received in the U.S.
from the UK, regardless of the status of Brexit.
Flickr has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification (which is part of the certification of our parent company, SmugMug, Inc.), please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, we are committed to resolving complaints about our processing of your personal data.
Covered individuals in Europe with inquiries or complaints regarding our compliance with the Privacy Shield program should first contact us.
We have further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your Privacy Shield complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information or to file a complaint.
The Privacy Shield services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Unlike some other rights described in this Privacy Policy, the JAMS mechanism is available only to individuals whose personal data we receive pursuant to Privacy Shield.
Under certain conditions, you may be able to invoke binding arbitration to resolve your complaint.
Flickr, Inc.
is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
If we share personal data transferred to the U.S.
under the Privacy Shield with an agent that processes such data on our behalf, then we will have certain responsibility under the Privacy Shield Principles if both (i) the agent Processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles and (ii) we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Our Services allow our users to transfer Photographer Personal Data (such as by publishing it), and our users (not Flickr) are responsible for their transfers.
Your Choices
Privacy Requests Regarding Users’ Photos, Videos, and Some Related Data
For privacy-related takedown requests, or to exercise any rights you may have under privacy law regarding images or videos that a Flickr user uploaded to or created in the Services, or any labels, tags, comments, descriptions or categorizations that the same user added to those images and videos in the Services (Photographer Personal Data), please contact that user directly.
Flickr processes this data on behalf of the user, and the user has responsibility for handling these requests.
Under the GDPR and similar laws, Flickr is the user’s “processor” of this limited set of data, and under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), Flickr is the user’s “service provider” for this data.
(Flickr still can remove illegal content and other material that users are not entitled to maintain on the Service, such as nonconsensual intimate images, which can be reported as described here.)
Flickr users can follow the instructions below to handle privacy requests or to otherwise manage their Photographer Personal Data.
Deleting Photos
You can delete individual photos that you have on Flickr by selecting the photos that you wish to delete, then clicking the delete button.
Or you can delete groups of photos using batch operations.
Photo Sharing Features
In the "Privacy &amp.
Permissions" section of your Account Settings, you can determine who can see, download, or interact with your content by default.
You can control at a more granular level who can see each individual image or video by editing that item’s viewing privacy.
Account Information
You may update, correct or delete certain information about you at any time by logging into your online account or contacting us through https://help.flickr.com/contact.
You may delete your account or terminate your subscription pursuant to Flickr’s Terms of Use, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
Privacy and Permissions Settings
In your account “Privacy &amp.
Permissions” tab under “Settings”, you can control who is able to see different parts of your profile, including email address, IM names, real name, and current city.
If you choose to use your real name (or include any identifying information as part of your “screen name”) that information will be publicly displayed through the Services.
Therefore, please use caution in determining how you wish to be identified in using the Services.
EXIF Information
By default, Flickr will display a link showing EXIF data about photos or video you upload.
The link shows on all your individual photo pages, and displays the make &amp.
model of the camera you used to take the shot.
You can elect to hide this link in “Settings” under the “Privacy &amp.
Permissions” tab.
Some cameras can store GPS (location) coordinates in a photo’s EXIF header.
Flickr imports that data and if you choose, Flickr can display that data publicly.
This setting can be changed through your account “Privacy and Permissions” tab.
Location Information
When you first launch any of our mobile applications that collect location information, you will be asked to consent to the application's collection of this information.
If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information by our application’s camera function at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
Some cameras and applications can store GPS (location) coordinates in a photo's EXIF header.
Flickr imports that data and if you choose, Flickr can display that data publicly.
This default display setting can be changed in the “Privacy &amp.
Permissions” Settings in your account.
You can also change the settings on your camera to stop location data storage.
Geofences
A geofence is a hotspot on a map that has special default geo privacy settings.
These are useful for locations such as “home” or “school” that you would like to make more private than your global default.
Click here to create your geofences and manage your geo preferences to decide who can see the location of your photos by default.
Further, you can change the geo preferences setting on individual photos by clicking on the map to the right of each photo.
Auto-Uploadr Feature
If you turn on the auto-upload feature on mobile, photos and videos from your mobile device camera roll will be automatically uploaded to Flickr.
These photos and videos will be stored as private (non-public) on Flickr until you choose to share them.
You can turn off auto-upload at any time in your mobile app settings.
Cookies
Please see the “Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others” section above for options for controlling cookies and similar technology.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from Flickr by following the instructions in those communications or by contacting us through https://help.flickr.com/contact.
If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Email Notifications
Visit the “Emails and Notifications” area in your account Settings to edit your Flickr email notification settings.
Other Data Protection Rights
The law of your jurisdiction may give you additional rights to make certain requests with respect to your personal data.
This is the case, for example, for residents of the European Economic Area and Switzerland, and, as described further below, residents of California.
Our preference is to treat requests from all users in a similar way, regardless of where they live, to the extent we find this practicable and legally feasible.
So although we describe the rights that exist under certain specific laws and frameworks below, we are happy to receive such requests from users in different jurisdictions as well.
As a reminder, regardless of where you live, all requests to exercise privacy rights with respect to Photographer Personal Data should be addressed to the user who uploaded that content, not Flickr.
Under the Privacy Shield and laws like the GDPR, some individuals have a legal right to request access to, correction of, or deletion of certain personal data we store.
In some cases, they are entitled to receive a copy of the personal data they provided to us in portable form or to request that we share it with a third party.
The law also gives them the right to request certain restrictions on the use of their personal data, to object to our use of their personal data, or, where applicable, to withdraw their consent to use of their personal data (which will not affect the legality of any processing that happened before your request takes effect).
People who live in the UK or elsewhere in the European Economic Area (and certain other people) have additional rights to opt out of our use of personal data for direct marketing.
They can exercise their rights to opt out, or to object to other processing, by contacting us as described below.
Every individual has the right to lodge a complaint with the data privacy authority where they reside.
Additional Privacy Details for California Residents
The sections below apply to “personal information” about California residents, as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and they supplement the information in the rest of our Privacy Policy above.
These sections also do not apply to Photographer Personal Data (defined further above as user-uploaded images, videos and certain content relating to such images and videos), even when such data is about a resident of California, because Flickr is a “service provider” for such data under the CCPA.
CCPA categories of California personal information we collect:
In the main part of our Privacy Policy, we describe the specific pieces of personal information we collect from and about California residents.
This information generally falls into the following CCPA categories, to the extent that any of the following are personally identifiable: identifiers (such as name, address, email address and other contact information).
commercial information (such as transaction data, and information about an individual’s interactions with Flickr).
categories of personal information described in California Civil Code 1798.80(e) (such as name).
characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law (such as gender).
internet or other network or device activity, and other information described in the Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies section of our Privacy Policy.
geolocation information.
professional or employment related data (such as title).
and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
CCPA description of uses of California personal information:
In CCPA terms, we have used and disclosed (and in the past 12 months have used and disclosed) all of the categories of California personal information that we collect for the purposes described in the Use of Information section of our Privacy Policy, though some uses and disclosures were more indirect than others.
The extent to which our service providers engage in the uses and disclosures described above varies from provider to provider.
CCPA “sale” of California personal information
Flickr does not “sell” and has not “sold” its personal information in the way most people understood those words before the CCPA was passed.
We don’t sell copies of our user lists like a data broker would, for example.
However, the CCPA defines “sell” and “sold” in an unconventional, vague and controversial way that has sparked extensive debate and disagreement within the legal and business communities.
The CCPA requires businesses that “sell” personal information, as the term “sell” is defined under the CCPA, to provide an opt-out from such “sales.” Some people have taken the position that when a website or app uses third-party cookies and similar technology for its own analytics or advertising purposes, the website/app is engaged in a “sale” under the CCPA if the third parties have some ability to use, disclose or retain the data to improve their service or to take steps beyond the most narrowly drawn bounds of merely providing their service to the website/app.
Some take this position even when the website/app pays the third party (not vice versa), and in most cases merely provides the third party with an opportunity to collect data directly, instead of sending a copy of personal information to the third party.
If you take the position that any of those relationships involve a “sale” within the meaning of the CCPA, then you may consider Flickr to have “sold” what the CCPA calls “identifiers” (like IP addresses), “internet or other electronic network activity information” (like information regarding an individual’s browsing interactions on Flickr.com), and “commercial information” (like the fact that a browser visited a particular page on our website) to those sorts of companies.
As we await clarity on this point and, if applicable, the arrival of a reasonable method for handling CCPA-like choice options for it, we continue to offer individuals the opportunity to opt out of the use of certain third- party cookies and similar technology for analytics and advertising purposes, as described in the Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others section of our Privacy Policy.
In addition, Flickr generates part of its revenue by allowing personalized third-party advertisements on our service.
In the past, this was done in a manner that is more likely to constitute the same sort of CCPA “sale” described above, involving the same categories of data.
However, to prepare for CCPA taking effect on January 1, 2020, we focused those activities on services administered by Google, and we activated the “restricted data processing” settings designed to make this less likely to be a “sale” under the CCPA.
Regardless, you can limit this activity as described in the Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others section of our Privacy Policy.
California Privacy Rights
This section describes rights under California law, but we plan to accept requests under this law from non-Californians, to the extent practicable and legally permissible.
California law may permit you to request that we:


Provide you with a list of the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months.
the categories of sources of such information.
the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information.
and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed and (if applicable) “sold” personal information in the CCPA sense.


Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you.


Delete certain information we have about you.


Certain information is exempt from such requests under applicable law.
You also may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you (if any).
You also have certain rights under the CCPA not to be subject to certain negative consequences for exercising CCPA rights.
To exercise any rights relating to “Photographer Personal Data”, including (i) the images and videos that a user uploads to or creates in the Services or Products, or (ii) any labels, tags, comments, descriptions or categorizations that user adds to those images and videos in the Services or Products, users should contact the relevant user, and not Flickr.
You can find contact information for many users by going to their Flickr page and clicking on “About” section.
(Even if this were not the case under the CCPA, Flickr would normally have multiple legal grounds for denying CCPA-based takedown requests for Photographer Personal Data due to multiple exceptions under that law, including those applicable to the exercise of First Amendment rights.
Similar exceptions are common in other laws.)
To contact Flickr to exercise CCPA rights with respect to other data, please visit http://help.flickr.com/contact for the fastest response.
Alternatively, you can make your CCPA request via voicemail at (833) 522-8820.
No other requests are accepted at that number.
Contact Us
We welcome your feedback.
If you have any comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy or would like to contact us for any reason, you may reach us via email at help@flickr.com or write to:
Flickr, Inc.
Attention: Privacy Manager
67 E Evelyn Ave, Ste 200
Mountain View, CA 94041, USA
Flickr, Inc.
c/o SmugMug Limited
Attention: Privacy Manager
3rd Floor, Chancery House, St.
Nicholas Way
Sutton, England, SM1 1JB   Flickr Terms &amp.
Conditions of Use Date of Last Revision: April 30, 2020
We strive to create consistent standards for all of our users.
This agreement was written in English (US).
To the extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.
If any portion of this statement is found to be unenforceable, the remaining portion will remain in full force and effect.
As of May 29, 2018, Flickr is owned and operated by Flickr, Inc.
These Terms of Use apply to your access to and use of Flickr.com (the “Site”), the official Flickr mobile and Apple TV applications, and the related Flickr services, such as Flickr Pro Services (collectively with the Site and the rest of the foregoing, the “Services”).
For example, these Terms of Use apply to your use of the Services to purchase photographic prints, videos or other related merchandise, products and services ("Products") through Flickr’s approved third party vendors and retailers ("Flickr Vendors").
Flickr, Inc.
is owned by SmugMug, Inc.
In these Terms of Use, the term “SmugMug” refers to Flickr, Inc., together with SmugMug, Inc.
and its subsidiaries and their respective employees, agents, affiliates and contractors.
However, these Terms of Use do not apply to SmugMug-branded services offered by the SmugMug family of companies.
Please see https://www.smugmug.com/about/terms for terms of use applicable to those services.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY.
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES, PURCHASING PRODUCTS OR FLICKR PRO SERVICES, OR CLICKING THAT YOU AGREE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE.
These Terms of Use contain provisions that govern how claims that you and SmugMug have against each other are resolved (see Section 15 — Dispute Resolution).
These provisions require you to resolve certain disputes or claims relating to your use of the Services by binding arbitration, rather than in court.
If you do not consent to such terms, you are not permitted to use the Services.


Your use of the Services (such as your purchase of Products) is expressly conditioned upon your agreement to these Terms of Use.
If you do not consent to these Terms of Use, you are not permitted to use any Services.
If you access the Services on behalf of a company or other entity, you warrant that you are an authorized representative of such company or entity with the right to bind such company or entity to these Terms of Use.
The Services are not targeted towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under the age of 16.
If you are between the ages of 16 and 18, you may use the Services only under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms of Use.
 SmugMug reserves the right to change, modify, revise or otherwise amend any provision of these Terms of Use, and any other terms, policies or guidelines governing your use of the Services, at any time at its sole discretion by providing notice that the Terms of Use have been modified.
Such notice may be provided by sending an email, or by posting a notice on the Site, or by posting the revised Terms of Use on the Site and revising the date at the top of these Terms of Use or by such other form of notice as determined by SmugMug.
Your use of the Services (such as through your purchase of any Products) or your purchase of new Services following the posting of the revised Terms of Use or other notice will constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications.
Otherwise, any changes or modifications will be effective within thirty (30) days of the posting of the revisions on the Site unless you notify SmugMug within such thirty (30) days that you do not agree to the changes and stop using the Services.
Therefore, you should review these Terms of Use whenever you access the Services and at least every thirty (30) days to make sure that you understand the terms and conditions that will apply to your use of the Services.
You authorize SmugMug to collect, use, disclose and otherwise process information about you as set forth in our Privacy Policy.
For residents of the UK or European Economic Area, the preceding sentence is not intended to constitute your “consent” to any processing of your own personal data for purposes of the GDPR or local ePrivacy legislation, and Flickr will seek such consent separately from these Terms of Use where applicable law requires Flickr to have your consent.




GENERAL TERMS


Additional Policies
These Terms of Use and the following additional Flickr terms and policies (as applicable) together constitute a binding agreement between you and SmugMug.
All such additional policies are incorporated into these Terms of Use as applicable and collectively govern your use of the Services and/or purchase of Products.



Flickr Community Guidelines
When you use Flickr, you are subject to the Flickr Community Guidelines


Flickr Pro Services Terms
The Services consist of the free Flickr Services, as well as the paid Flickr Services known as Flickr Pro (“Flickr Pro Services”).
The Flickr Pro Services include all the benefits of free Flickr Services along with additional advantages available only to Flickr Pro Services users.
For more information on Flickr Pro Services, please see the additional terms and information found at Section B below.


Terms of Sale
Our Terms of Sale set forth in Section A below contain additional terms, conditions and policies applicable to your purchase of Products through the Services.
By ordering Products through the Services, you agree to be bound by and accept the Terms of Sale.


Copyright Policy
SmugMug respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its users to do the same.
To that end, all Flickr users are subject to the Copyright Policy set forth in Section B below.


Mobile Applications
The Flickr mobile application is available for download by users via authorized application stores and other platforms (e.g., the Apple App Store).
If you access and use the Services via the Flickr mobile application, or on a mobile phone, tablet or similar mobile device, you are bound by these Terms of Use.


Data Processing Addendum
The Flickr Data Processing Addendum supplements these Terms of Use and applies with respect to (i) the photos and videos you upload, and (ii) any labels, tags, comments, descriptions or categorizations that you add to those photos and videos.
To the extent of any conflict between these Terms of Use and the Data Processing Addendum, the Data Processing Addendum will govern.




License
The Services and all images, software, platforms, tools, graphics, data, text, code, the Marks (as defined below) and other content and materials available on the Services (excluding User Content) and the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, the “Flickr Materials”) are the property of SmugMug or its third party licensors and are protected by United States and international intellectual property laws.
SmugMug hereby grants you a limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to access and use the Flickr Materials solely in accordance with these Terms of Use.
Except for the limited licenses granted hereunder, SmugMug reserves all rights not expressly granted and no such additional rights may be implied.
You acknowledge that (i) all right, title and interest in and to the Flickr Materials, including all patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and other proprietary rights embodied therein or associated therewith, are and will remain with SmugMug or its third party licensors.
(ii) no right or interest in the Flickr Materials is conveyed other than the limited licenses granted herein.
(iii) the Flickr Materials are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws.
and (iv) SmugMug asserts that the Flickr Materials embody valuable confidential and secret information of SmugMug or its licensors, the development of which required the expenditure of considerable time and money.


Marks
You acknowledge that “SMUGMUG”, the SmugMug logo, “FLICKR”, the Flickr logo, the look and feel of the Services, and any other Product or Service names, logos or slogans of either SmugMug or Flickr contained in the Services are trademarks of SmugMug (collectively, the “Marks”) and may not be copied, imitated or used without the prior written permission of SmugMug.
All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners.
SmugMug may provide users with tools to download the Marks via the Services.
If you download or otherwise obtain the Marks using such tools, SmugMug grants you a limited right to (i) use the Marks for the sole purpose of referencing the Services and (ii) to use only those Marks that are made available to you by SmugMug through such tools.
Your use of any Marks must be consistent with the size, dimensions, color and other characteristics of the Marks and consistent with any other policies concerning the Marks that we may post on the Site or otherwise make available through the Services from time to time.
You may not (i) alter or change the appearance of the Marks, (ii) use the Marks in any manner that suggests SmugMug sponsors or endorses a product, service, promotion, contest, or (iii) use the Marks for any other purpose deemed by SmugMug to be inappropriate.
SmugMug has the right to revoke your right to use the Marks at any time at our sole discretion.


Restrictions
You agree that you will not (i) modify or alter the Flickr Materials.
(ii) create derivative works of the Flickr Materials.
(iii) decompile, disassemble, decode or reverse engineer the Flickr Materials, translate the Flickr Materials or otherwise attempt to learn the source code, structure, algorithms or internal ideas underlying the Flickr Materials or reduce the Flickr Materials by any other means to a human-perceivable form.
or (iv) bypass, delete or disable any copy protection mechanisms or any security mechanisms in the Flickr Materials.

Except as otherwise expressly permitted herein, you may not use the Services or the Flickr Materials to engage in any of the following prohibited activities:


the collection, copying or distribution of any portion of the Flickr Materials;


any resale, commercial use, commercial exploitation, distribution, public performance or public display of the Services or the Flickr Materials;


modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of the Services or the Flickr Materials;


scraping or otherwise using any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods on or in connection with the Services;


with the exception of User Content made available by users for download, the downloading of any portion of the Flickr Materials or any information contained therein.
or


any use of the Services or the Flickr Materials other than for their intended purposes.


Any use of the Services or of any Flickr Materials other than as specifically authorized herein, without the express prior written permission of SmugMug and the applicable Flickr user or the Content Owner, is strictly prohibited.
Any such unauthorized use may result in the immediate termination of your rights under these Terms of Use and will constitute a breach of the license granted herein.


HyperLinks
You may create a text hyperlink to the Site, provided such link does not portray Flickr or SmugMug or any of its Products or Services in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner.
This limited right may be revoked by SmugMug at any time.
You may not frame the Site or utilize framing techniques to enclose the Site, Flickr Materials, Flickr Marks or other proprietary information without SmugMug’s express prior written consent.

As a part of the Services, we may provide you with access to and use of certain personalized pages and corresponding web addresses (“URLs”) that you may customize.
SmugMug does not guarantee the availability of any particular web page or URL and reserves the right, at any time and at our sole discretion, to reclaim, suspend, terminate and/or transfer any such web page or URL.


User Content
The Services may enable you to upload, post and transmit photos and videos to the Site or other portions of the Services (including to your user photo galleries or groups through the Services) and also provide you with access to discussion forums, blogs and other interactive areas in which you or other users may post or transmit photos, videos, text, music, messages, information, comments, labels, tags, descriptions, categorizations or other content or materials (collectively, the “User Content”).
You retain all intellectual property rights in and to any User Content you post, upload or otherwise make available through the Services, including the copyright in and to your photos and videos.
SmugMug does not claim any ownership, right, title or interest in and to your User Content.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, by uploading and/or posting any User Content to the Services, you request, and grant SmugMug a perpetual, nonexclusive and royalty-free right to use the User Content (and the user name that is submitted in connection with such User Content) as is reasonably necessary in order to do the following: (1) provide the Services, including to display the User Content on the Services.
(2) comply with your instructions pursuant to Flickr’s Data Protection Addendum.
(3) comply with legal requirements, including disclosing User Content in response to legal process from governmental authorities.
(4) disclose User Content without any compulsory legal process when Flickr believes there is a threat to life or limb.
In the absence of a legal requirement to do so, Flickr may refrain from notifying you of Flickr’s disclosures to governmental authorities where such notification may jeopardize an important law enforcement investigation.
Flickr may engage service providers for assistance with carrying out any obligation or exercising any right under these Terms of Use.
You represent and warrant that (i) you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the User Content that you post or transmit, or you otherwise have the right to post, use, display, distribute and reproduce such User Content and to grant the rights granted herein.
(ii) the User Content you supply is accurate and not misleading.
and (iii) the use and posting of the User Content you supply does not violate these Terms of Use and will not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity.
From time to time, SmugMug may limit the amount of User Content, including your photographs, stored via the Site.
SmugMug has the right, at any time, to remove your User Content stored on the Site in excess of such limits.
Further, if SmugMug were to terminate an account on the Site for any reason, all User Content associated with such account would be removed.
While SmugMug will use reasonable efforts to notify you of such removal, whether by notice in the account or by email to the email you have specified in your account, it is your responsibility to download any User Content which you wish to save and make backup copies of all User Content to prevent the loss thereof.


Acceptable Use.
Disclaimer
You are solely responsible for the User Content that you post or transmit using the Services and you agree not to post, transmit or otherwise publish through the Services any of the following:


User Content that is unlawful, defamatory, hateful, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable or harmful;


User Content that is obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, sexually suggestive, including without limitation photos, videos or other User Content containing nudity, unless you have restricted access to such User Content with an appropriate content filter setting that will restrict viewing by minors;


User Content that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, endanger national security, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law;


User Content that may infringe or violate any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or other proprietary right of any party.
User Content that impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity;


unsolicited messages containing promotions, political campaigning, advertising or solicitations;


private information of any third party, including, without limitation: addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, social security numbers and credit card numbers;


viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files.
and


User Content that is objectionable, harmful or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Services, or which may expose Flickr or its users to any harm or liability of any nature, or which is legally required to be deleted or made private.


Although we prohibit certain activities in these Terms of Use, SmugMug does not make any representation or warranty that the User Content you may encounter through your use of the Services complies with these acceptable use provisions or the Terms of Use.
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
These Terms of Use do not create any private right of action on the part of any third party or any reasonable expectation that the Services will not contain any content that is prohibited by these acceptable use provisions.
SmugMug reserves the right (but is not obligated) to (i) review or screen any User Content submitted to the Site or otherwise submitted through the Services.
(ii) edit any User Content submitted through the Services Services (but for photos and videos this will consist of mere editing to address the technical characteristics of the Service or of Flickr Vendors, not artistic authorship).
and/or (iii) remove or take down any User Content from the Services for any reason, at any time, without prior notice, at our sole discretion.
SmugMug will have no liability or responsibility to users of the Services or any other person or entity for performance or nonperformance of such activities.
SmugMug’s enforcement of the acceptable use provisions set forth in these Terms of Use with respect to User Content in some instances does not constitute a waiver of our right to enforce such provisions in other instances involving similar User Content.


Your Account
Certain activities on the Services require you to register and create an account.
In order to create an account, you must be 16 years of age or older.
By registering for an account, you represent and warrant that you are at least 16 years of age and that all information you provide in the registration form (“Registration Data”) is complete and accurate.
SmugMug reserves the right to terminate your account and/or refuse access to the Services to anyone at any time, with or without cause at its sole discretion.
If SmugMug terminates your account due to inactivity, SmugMug will use reasonable efforts to notify you of such termination in advance by emailing such notice to the email address you have specified in your account.
You agree to keep your registered email addresses and other Registration Data current and complete, as SmugMug may send important notices about your account from time to time.
By registering for an account, you consent to receive communications from SmugMug about the Services by email and/or system messages consistent with the terms of our Privacy Policy.


Account Security
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the passwords associated with your account and for restricting access to your passwords and physical access to your computer while logged into the Services.
You accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your user account.
User Content that you post, upload or otherwise make available via the Services may be accessed, used and downloaded by other users of the Services.
You understand and acknowledge that any User Content contained in public areas of the Services, including any user galleries or other portions of the Services, is accessible to the public and could be accessed, downloaded, indexed, archived, linked to and republished by others including, without limitation, appearing on other websites and in search engine results.
Flickr provides privacy options and settings for your content available in the Privacy &amp.
Permissions section of your applicable user account (the “Account Settings”).
We use commercially reasonable security measures to protect your User Content consistent with your Account Settings.
We cannot, however, guarantee absolute security of your account, your User Content or the Registration Data we collect, and we cannot promise that our security measures will prevent third party “hackers” or other unauthorized parties from illegally accessing the Services or their contents.
Flickr is not responsible or liable for any third party access to or use of the User Content you post or your Registration Data.
You are encouraged to read, understand and use the privacy settings and mechanisms in your Account Settings to manage how your User Content is accessed and used by the public and other users of the Services.
You agree to immediately notify Flickr of any unauthorized use of your account or passwords or any other breach of security, and you accept all risks of unauthorized access to the Registration Data, User Content and any other information you provide to Flickr.


Third Party Services
SmugMug may make third party content and services available on or through the Services (“Third Party Services”) solely as a convenience to its users, or because a user posted it or made it accessible (for example, links to third party websites, software and other services).
When you leave the Services, you should be aware that these Terms of Use and all other SmugMug policies no longer govern your use of such websites and services or any content contained thereon.
SmugMug does not indicate affiliation, approval, or control of any Third Party Services by making such Third Party Services available via the Services.
SmugMug makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the quality, accuracy, nature, ownership or reliability of Third Party Services.
YOUR USE OF ANY SUCH THIRD PARTY SERVICES IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK AND SUBJECT TO THE THIRD PARTY TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND THIRD PARTY PRIVACY POLICIES APPLICABLE TO SUCH THIRD PARTY SERVICES.


Advertisements and Promotions
The Services may contain third party advertisements and promotions generated or posted by other users of the Services, Flickr Vendors or other third party service providers.
Your business dealings or interactions with any third parties, including other users of the Services or Flickr Vendors, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third party.
Flickr does not endorse, approve, or control any such products, services, advertising or promotions posted to the Services by its users or the Flickr Vendors or third party service providers.
SmugMug is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the result of your direct dealings with any of them or otherwise resulting from the presence of advertisements for third party products and services included on the Services.


DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
THE SITE, SERVICES, THE FLICKR MATERIALS, AND THE PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, SMUGMUG DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NONINFRINGEMENT AS TO THE SITE, THE SERVICES, THE FLICKR MATERIALS, AND THE PRODUCTS.
SMUGMUG DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE FLICKR MATERIALS OR THE SERVICES ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE SERVICES, ITS SERVERS OR EMAIL SENT FROM SMUGMUG OR THE SERVICES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
SMUGMUG IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS OR OMISSIONS RELATING TO PRICING, TEXT, PHOTOS OR VIDEOS.
SMUGMUG ALSO MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY, RELIABILITY OR SECURITY OF THE SERVICES AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ANY MODIFICATION, SUSPENSION, UNAVAILABILITY, OR DISCONTINUANCE OF THE SERVICES OR THE PRODUCTS PROVIDED THEREON.


LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT WILL SMUGMUG OR ITS DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE OR VIEW THE SITE, THE SERVICES, THE PRODUCTS, THE USER CONTENT OR THE FLICKR MATERIALS CONTAINED IN OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RESULTING FROM YOUR RELIANCE ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM SMUGMUG, OR THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES OR EMAIL, ERRORS, DEFECTS, VIRUSES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION OR ANY TERMINATION, SUSPENSION OR OTHER FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, WHETHER OR NOT RESULTING FROM ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO SMUGMUG’S RECORDS, PROGRAMS OR SERVICES.
IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF SMUGMUG, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, THE SERVICES, THE PRODUCTS, THE USER CONTENT OR THE FLICKR MATERIALS, EXCEED COMPENSATION YOU PAY, IF ANY, TO SMUGMUG FOR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SITE OR THE SERVICES OR FOR THE PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES.
IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.


Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless SmugMug and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”), and the Indemnified Parties’ independent contractors, service providers and consultants, and their respective directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or related to any User Content you post or otherwise transmit on or through the Services, your use of or inability to use the Services, the User Content, or the Flickr Materials or the Products, including any actual or threatened suit, demand or claim made against any of the Indemnified Parties and/or their independent contractors, service providers, employees, directors or consultants, arising out of or relating to your User Content, your conduct, your violation of these Terms of Use or your violation of the rights of any third party.


Dispute Resolution


Applicable Law
Your use of the Services is subject to all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations.
These Terms of Use and your use of the Services will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California applicable to agreements made and to be entirely performed within the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.


Agreement to Arbitrate &amp.
Waiver of Representative Actions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES WITH SMUGMUG AND IT LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF.
IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS SECTION 15, YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO USE THE SERVICES.
You and SmugMug agree to arbitrate any dispute arising from these Terms of Use or relating to the Services, Site or Flickr Materials.
ARBITRATION PREVENTS YOU FROM SUING IN COURT OR FROM HAVING A JURY TRIAL.
You and SmugMug agree: (i) to notify each other of any dispute within thirty (30) days of when it arises.
(ii) to attempt informal resolution prior to any demand for arbitration.
(iii) that any arbitration will occur in Santa Clara County, California.
and (iv) that arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a single arbitrator in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), including the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (as applicable).
The AAA’s rules are available at www.adr.org.
Other than class procedures and remedies described in these Terms of Use, the arbitrator has the authority to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you and SmugMug are NOT required to arbitrate any dispute in which either party seeks equitable or other relief for (1) the alleged unlawful use of copyrights, trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets or patents or (2) allegedly criminal conduct under laws of the United States or any state thereof including, but not limited to, criminal laws addressing pornography, exploitation, obscenity, or hate speech.
The arbitrator will not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving different SmugMug or Flickr users but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same SmugMug or Flickr user to the extent required by applicable law.
The arbitrator’s award will be final and binding and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
YOU AND SMUGMUG AGREE THAT EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS PART OF ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
UNLESS BOTH YOU AND SMUGMUG AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S OR PARTY’S CLAIMS AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE, OR CLASS PROCEEDING.
ALSO, THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S).
ANY RELIEF AWARDED CANNOT AFFECT OTHER SMUGMUG OR FLICKR USERS.
Unless you and SmugMug agree otherwise, in the event that a court decides that any part of this Section 15 is invalid or unenforceable, you agree that any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and SmugMug must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in Santa Clara County, California.
The remainder of the Terms of Use will continue to apply.
You and SmugMug agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Santa Clara County, California for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.




Feedback
We welcome feedback from our users regarding ideas and suggestions for improvements to the Site, Services and Products.
SmugMug will be entitled to use any such feedback without restriction, even if you designate such feedback as confidential.
You hereby grant SmugMug a royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable license in and to any feedback to use in any matter related to the operation of our business.

Assignment
These Terms of Use are binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their permitted successors and assigns.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may not assign your rights under these Terms of Use without SmugMug’s prior written consent.
SmugMug will be permitted to assign its rights under these Terms of Use at its sole discretion.
International Users
SmugMug is located in the State of California in the United States of America.
If you access the Services from a country other than the United States, you agree that your transactions with SmugMug occur in the United States.
You are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations applicable to your use of the Services.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of these Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect, and, if legally permitted, such offending provision will be replaced with an enforceable provision that as nearly as possible effects the parties’ intent.
Survival
The terms and conditions of these Terms of Use which by their nature are intended to survive termination or expiration of Services (including, but not limited to, Indemnification, Warranty Disclaimer, Dispute Resolution and the Limitation of Liability) will survive any expiration or termination of these Terms of Use.
Questions or Comments
Flickr is committed to keeping our users happy and satisfied with their use of the Services.
If you have any questions, concerns, complaints or comments in any way related to your use of the Services, please contact us through https://help.flickr.com/contact.
If you have any questions, concerns, complaints or comments in any way related to your use of the Services or the transfer of your Flickr account to SmugMug, please contact us through https://help.flickr.com/contact.



ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO FLICKR PRO SERVICES (“FLICKR PRO SERVICES TERMS”)
You may use the Flickr Pro Services only in accordance with these Flickr Pro Services Terms (and the Terms of Use of which they are a part).
In the event of any conflict between these Flickr Pro Services Terms and the other provisions of the Terms of Use, these Flickr Pro Services Terms will control.


Subscriptions
The Flickr Pro Services are available to users (i) who register for a free trial (when available) or for a subscription to the Flickr Pro Services (“Subscription”) and (ii) who pay in full the Subscription fees (“Subscription Fees”) applicable to the level of Subscription selected by such user (the “Subscription Plan”).
If you wish to purchase a Subscription, we will ask you to provide certain information in order to facilitate such purchase, including your credit card number, billing address and any related payment information as required by Flickr (collectively, “Payment Information”).
Flickr may use a third party payment processor (e.g., Amazon Payments or PayPal) to facilitate your payment of any Subscription Fees.
Any Payment Information that you provide will be governed by the terms of our Privacy Policy.
By submitting Payment Information via the Services, you warrant that you have the legal right to use any such credit card or other payment mechanism that you provide to facilitate the transaction.


Free Trials
When you first register for the Flickr Pro Services, Flickr may offer you the ability to use the Flickr Pro Services without charge for a limited trial period (a “Free Trial”).
The duration of a Free Trial will be the number of days specified by Flickr at the time of your registration for such Free Trial.
You need to provide Flickr (or our applicable third party payment processor) with valid Payment Information and select a Subscription Plan in order to register for a Free Trial.
At the conclusion of your Free Trial, you will be charged for the Subscription Fee applicable to your selected Subscription Plan unless you elect to cancel your Flickr Pro Services account prior to the expiration of your Free Trial.
Flickr may offer you the ability to register for a Subscription directly without the need to participate in a Free Trial.


Subscription Plans
Flickr offers a variety of Subscription Plans designed to reflect the diverse needs of our users, each with its own features, descriptions, functionality and terms with respect to the use of the Services.
A description of each Subscription Plan that is currently offered by Flickr is available at flickr.com/pro.
By purchasing a Subscription, (i) you agree to pay all applicable Subscription Fees and other charges in accordance with your selected Subscription Plan, pursuant to the renewal and termination provisions described below (including any applicable taxes, such as sales tax), and (ii) you agree that you are only entitled to the features and services applicable to the Subscription Plan that you select at the time you purchase a Subscription.
The Flickr Pro Services are intended to be used by Flickr users for the distribution and sharing of photos and/or videos, as permitted under the user’s applicable Subscription Plan.
Flickr, at its sole discretion, reserves the right to limit, suspend or terminate your use of the Flickr Pro Services if Flickr determines that you have violated these Flickr Pro Services Terms or the Terms of Use.
Each Subscription is personal to the individual Flickr user.
You may not transfer or assign your Subscription to another individual, entity or Flickr user unless such transfer or assignment is expressly permitted by the terms of your Subscription Plan.
From time to time, Flickr may provide certain users with complimentary Subscriptions.
Any user accessing the Services by using a free Subscription is bound by the Terms of Use and any applicable terms and conditions of these Flickr Pro Services Terms (including Flickr’s right to terminate or cancel such Subscriptions).


Term and Automatic Renewal
Your Subscription is valid commencing on the date in which Flickr provides you with access to the Services pursuant to its receipt of your valid Payment Information (the “Commencement Date”) and will last for the duration of the Subscription term that you select at the time of your registration for the Flickr Pro Services (the “Subscription Term”).
YOUR SUBSCRIPTION WILL AUTOMATICALLY RENEW AT THE END OF EACH SUBSCRIPTION TERM FOR SUCCESSIVE SUBSCRIPTION TERMS OF THE SAME DURATION AS THE SUBSCRIPTION TERM ORIGINALLY SELECTED UNLESS THE SUBSCRIPTION IS TERMINATED AND/OR CANCELED BY YOU OR FLICKR PRIOR TO THE END OF SUCH SUBSCRIPTION TERM.
SUCH RENEWAL WILL OCCUR AUTOMATICALLY ON THE APPLICABLE ANNIVERSARY OF THE COMMENCEMENT DATE.
YOU MAY CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION AT ANY TIME PRIOR TO THE END OF THE SUBSCRIPTION TERM THROUGH YOUR ACCOUNT SETTINGS IN THE SUBSCRIPTION SECTION.
You agree that upon such renewal, the credit card or other designated payment method in your Account Settings will be billed the applicable Subscription Fee for your Subscription Plan then in effect at the time of renewal.
If you disagree with these automatic renewal provisions, your sole remedy is to cancel or terminate your Subscription.
You acknowledge that the amount of the recurring charge at the time of Subscription renewal may differ from the Subscription Fees you originally paid for the Flickr Pro Services if: (i) the Subscription Fee for your Subscription Plan changes during your applicable Subscription Term, or (ii) if you change your Subscription Plan or Subscription Term during the previous Subscription Term.
Flickr will notify you of any changes to the Subscription Fee prior to the date on which your Subscription Term will renew.
You hereby agree to any such revised Subscription Fees and your sole remedy if you disagree with such changes is to terminate your account and stop using the Flickr Pro Services.


Interruptions or Discontinuation of Flickr Pro Services.
Changes to Flickr Pro Services and Terms of Use
Flickr reserves the right at any time, at its sole discretion and without notice, to suspend, modify, discontinue or permanently cancel the Flickr Pro Services or any portions thereof, including the Subscription Plans and any policies, features and terms applicable thereto.
If the Flickr Pro Services, or any part thereof, to which you subscribe are permanently discontinued or canceled by Flickr, your Subscription will terminate, and we will have no further liability to you.
You acknowledge that the Flickr Pro Services may be interrupted from time to time, with or without notice, for maintenance, upgrades, system updates or in the event of equipment failure or for any other foreseeable or non-foreseeable cause.
SMUGMUG WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY INTERRUPTION, SUSPENSION, DISCONTINUANCE OR UNAVAILABILITY OF THE FLICKR PRO SERVICES FOR ANY REASON, OR FOR ANY LOSS OR INABILITY TO ACCESS ANY MEDIA OR MATERIALS ON THE SERVICES.


Termination of Services
You may request the termination of your Subscription at any time by canceling your account in the Subscription section of your Account Settings, or by sending a message through https://help.flickr.com/contact providing clear written notice of such request.
When Flickr receives your termination request, Flickr will terminate your Subscription and notify you of such termination via email.
Flickr may request additional information from you prior to terminating your Subscription.
Your Subscription is not terminated until you receive confirmation of such termination from Flickr.
If you terminate your Subscription, such termination will be effective at the end of any previously paid Subscription Term.
By way of example and not in limitation of the foregoing, if you request the termination of your Subscription and you have two months remaining in your Subscription Term, such termination is effective at the end of the two months remaining in your Subscription Term and you will have access to the Flickr Pro Services for the remaining two months of such Subscription.
Flickr may terminate a Subscription, or any user’s access to and use of the Flickr Pro Services, at any time for any reason at its sole discretion, which such termination will be effective immediately.
If you violate the Terms of Use, Flickr at its sole discretion may (i) require you to remedy any violation thereof and/or (ii) take any other actions that Flickr deems appropriate to enforce its rights and pursue available remedies.
All Subscription Fees are nonrefundable.
Upon termination, cancellation or discontinuation of your Subscription for any reason, you will not be entitled to receive a refund for any Subscription Fees or other amounts previously charged to you, or for any unused portion of any Subscription Fees if such termination, cancellation or discontinuation occurs prior to the expiration of the applicable Subscription Term.
You may change your email, credit card information or other Payment Information for your account by using the Account Settings available in your user profile.
It is solely your responsibility to keep your account information and Payment Information accurate and up-to-date.
If the Payment Information for your account is invalid and cannot be billed for the renewal Subscription Fee at the time such Subscription Fee is payable and due, then Flickr may terminate your Flickr Pro Services account for nonpayment.
If Flickr does not have a current, working email address for your user account, then you may not receive important notices from us regarding your account, including notices regarding termination.
Flickr cannot guarantee that you will receive notice of the termination of your account.


Backup Policy
YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR CREATING AND MAINTAINING BACKUP COPIES OF ANY USER CONTENT YOU UPLOAD, POST OR MAKE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES DURING ANY APPLICABLE SUBSCRIPTION TERM AT YOUR SOLE COST AND EXPENSE.
YOU MAINTAIN RESPONSIBILITY AND LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES YOU INCUR FOR FAILURE TO MAINTAIN BACKUP COPIES OF YOUR USER CONTENT.
SMUGMUG IS NOT LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSSES THAT RESULT FROM THE LOSS OR BREACH OF YOUR USER CONTENT IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE FLICKR SERVICES.
Flickr uses third party vendors to host and store any Media that you upload to Flickr through your use of the Flickr Pro Services.
We may require our vendors to maintain certain standards with respect to your User Content, but SmugMug does not guarantee that your User Content will be secure and/or available at all times during the Subscription Term.
SmugMug does not guarantee that your User Content will be available on the Services after the termination of your Subscription, irrespective of the reason for such termination.
It is your sole responsibility to create and maintain backup copies of any such User Content on a regular basis.
Please note that when User Content or other files are deleted (or your account is cancelled), those files will be deleted as soon as reasonable pursuant to Flickr’s data destruction policies and cannot be recovered by SmugMug or any third party vendor following deletion.


Independent Contractors
Use of the Flickr Pro Services does not create a partnership, agency, joint venture or any employee-employer relationship between you and SmugMug.
At all times the relationship between you and SmugMug will be that of independent contractors.
You are responsible for all state, local, federal or other taxes that you are obligated to pay in connection with your use of the Flickr Pro Services.




ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO SALES OF PRODUCTS (“TERMS OF SALE”)
These Terms of Sale form a part of the Terms of Use applicable to your purchase of any photos, videos, or other Products through the Services.
Other than as specifically provided in any separate written agreement between you and SmugMug, these Terms of Sale may not be altered, supplemented, or amended by the use of any document, such as purchase orders, and all sales are expressly conditioned upon your agreement to these Terms of Sale.
In the event of any conflict between these Terms of Sale and the other provisions of the Terms of Use, these Terms of Sale will control.
Flickr facilitates your purchase of photos, videos or Products through the Services through its relationships with the Flickr Vendors.
If you purchase photos, videos or other Products through the Services, you acknowledge that the printing of any photos or creation of other physical medium Products is performed by such Flickr Vendors and Flickr’s role is to assist, facilitate and support such order process pursuant to these Terms of Sale.


Pricing.
Payment Terms
In order to purchase Products through the Services, you are required to provide valid Payment Information as required by Flickr.
Flickr may terminate your order for Products and take such other action as appropriate if we are unable to process your Payment Information and you do not provide an alternative form of payment upon Flickr’s request.
You agree to reimburse Flickr for any and all costs incurred in collecting amounts owed by you to Flickr or a Flickr Vendor, including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and costs of collection agencies.
You are responsible for any taxes that you are obligated to pay or that Flickr may collect from you in connection with your purchase of Products.
If you do not pay the sales or other taxes or fees on a transaction, you will be responsible for the taxes or fees in the event they are later determined to be payable on the sale, and Flickr reserves the right to collect the taxes or other related fees from you at any time.
In certain jurisdictions, Flickr may be required to collect and remit sales tax in connection with your purchase of Products.
Any such taxes will be added to the purchase price and reflected on your invoice or receipt.


Product Downloads.
Shipping Terms and Policies
If you purchase a video or photo download, such download will be made available to you through the Services upon Flickr’s receipt of your valid Payment Information.
If you purchase photo prints or other physical medium Products (i.e., photo books or other photo merchandise), Flickr will use its commercially reasonable efforts (and our Flickr Vendors will use commercially reasonable efforts) to ship all orders for such Products within the estimated delivery time applicable to various methods of shipping available at the time you place your order.
Flickr is not responsible for any delays in shipping.
Flickr or the Flickr Vendors reserve the right to substitute another carrier of equal or lesser cost to deliver your order at our discretion.
All shipping charges are your responsibility.
Please see our Shipping Charges for additional detail.
Shipping charges will be included in your shopping cart and can be viewed on a summary screen prior to finalizing your order.
The shipping charge shown during the Product checkout process is subject to verification and to correction or change without notice, provided that if the actual shipping charge is more than the amount shown in your shopping cart, we will contact you with the correct shipping costs before processing your order, and you will have an opportunity to cancel your order.
All orders are shipped FOB shipping point.
Title to the physical medium of the Products passes from Flickr to you upon shipment.
If an item in your order is temporarily out of stock, we may hold your order until it is complete prior to shipment.


Return Policy
Flickr unconditionally guarantees your satisfaction with any Products that you purchase through the Services.
If you are unsatisfied with any photos, videos or other Products you have purchased from Flickr, we or our Flickr Vendors will gladly accept the return of any Product you have ordered for any reason within thirty (30) days of your receipt of the Product.
Upon completion of the return procedure and receipt of the returned Product, we will resend you the Product or issue you a full refund of the purchase price paid for such Product, whichever you prefer.
We do not provide refunds for your original shipping cost unless your order is physically defective in some manner.
If you are unsatisfied with a Product that is not in a physical medium form (i.e., a photo download), then upon your request, we may issue you a full refund of the purchase price paid for such Product at our discretion depending on the circumstances.
To request a refund or replacement for any Product, please contact Flickr through https://help.flickr.com/contact.
Please do not contact your credit card company to dispute a charge before contacting Flickr.


Product Availability and Pricing
Flickr or the Flickr Vendors may revise or discontinue Product options at any time without prior notice, and Products may become unavailable even after an order is placed.
All prices are subject to change without notice.


Product Descriptions.
Pricing.
Errors
Flickr strives to maintain accurate information in the Services and to eliminate any errors.
However, we do not warrant that Product descriptions, photos, videos, pricing or other Flickr Materials are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
In addition, all weights and size dimensions are approximate.
While we make reasonable efforts to accurately display all details of our Product offerings, including the applicable color, please note that the actual color you will see for a photo depends on the settings of your computer screen and we cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately display all photo colors.
Flickr or a Flickr Vendor reserves the right to format, manipulate or otherwise modify photos as may be required to satisfy a particular order.
If a Product offered by Flickr is not as described or pictured, your sole remedy is to return the Product in unused condition for a refund within thirty (30) days of receipt.
In the event of an error, whether contained in the Services, in an order confirmation, in processing an order or otherwise, we reserve the right to correct such error and charge the correct price or cancel the order, and your sole remedy in the event of such error is to cancel your order.


Disclaimer of Warranties
THE FOREGOING RIGHT TO RETURN ANY ORDER WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS IS YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, AND SMUGMUG’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY, WITH RESPECT TO THE PURCHASE OF ANY PRODUCTS USING THE SERVICES, AND SMUGMUG EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS AND EXCLUDES ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE PURCHASE OF ANY PRODUCTS.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES.
IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.






COPYRIGHT POLICY
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (“DMCA”), the text of which may be found on the U.S.
Copyright Office website at http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/pl105-304.pdf, and other applicable laws, Flickr has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at Flickr’s sole discretion, the accounts of users who are deemed to be repeat infringers.
Flickr may also, at its sole discretion, limit access to Flickr’s website and services and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
Flickr will respond to claims of copyright infringement committed using Flickr that are reported to Flickr’s Designated Copyright Agent, identified in the sample notice below.
If you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you will be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing.
If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the Services by completing the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement and delivering it to Flickr’s Designated Copyright Agent.
Upon receipt of the Notice as described below, Flickr will take whatever action, at its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including removal of the challenged material from the Services.
DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement (“Notice”):


Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works are covered by this Notice you may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.


Identify the material that you claim is infringing (or to be the subject of infringing activity) and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link shown on the Services where such material may be found.


Provide your mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.


Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice: (i) “I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use)".
and (ii) “I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed.”


Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.
Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to Flickr’s Designated Copyright Agent:




Address of Designated Agent
ATTN: Copyright Agent
Flickr, Inc.
Suite 200
67 E Evelyn Avenue
Mountain View, CA 94041, USA
Email Address of Designated Agent: dmca@flickr.com
Phone Number of Designated Agent: 833-522-8820      new icn messageflickr-free-ic3d pan white 
 Explore 
 Recent Photos
 Trending
 Flickr VR
 The Commons 
 Galleries 
 World Map 
 Camera Finder 
 The Weekly Flickr 
 Flickr Blog 


 Create 
 Get Pro 







Upload

 Log In 
 Sign Up 
 Explore Recent Photos Trending The Commons Galleries The Weekly Flickr Flickr Blog Get Pro Flickr Pro Additional Terms of Service
Click here to review the Flickr Gift Purchaser Terms.



ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF OATH’S ADDITIONAL TERMS OF SERVICE FOR FLICKR PRO

Welcome to the Flickr Pro service (“Flickr Services”).
Oath, which offers Flickr, is part of the Verizon family of companies.
The Flickr Services are only available for purchase in U.S.
dollars and are offered by Oath’s U.S.-based Flickr service (“Oath”).
By using any of the Flickr Services you agree to these Additional Terms of Service (“Additional Terms”) at https://www.flickr.com/atos/services (and any successor pages).
The Additional Terms supplement the Oath Terms of Service (“TOS”) at https://policies.oath.com/xw/en/oath/terms/otos/index.html and the Oath Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) located at https://policies.oath.com/xw/en/oath/privacy/intl/index.html (and any successor pages to the TOS and Privacy Policy), both of which are incorporated by reference.
You further agree to comply with the Flickr Community Guidelines (“Community Guidelines”) at https://www.flickr.com/help/guidelines/ (and any successor pages), which is incorporated by reference.
If there is any conflict between the terms and conditions of these Additional Terms and those in the TOS, the terms and conditions of these Additional Terms will control.
Capitalized terms not defined in these Additional Terms have the meanings ascribed to them in the TOS.
Oath reserves the right to update and change, from time to time, these Additional Terms and all documents incorporated by reference.
You can always find the most recent version of this Additional Terms and the most recent version of the TOS, Privacy Policy, and the Community Guidelines at the URLs above.
At the end of your subscription term when you have no paid Flickr Services, your account (and all associated data) will revert back to a free Flickr account and you will be governed by the Oath Terms of Service and Privacy Policy you have agreed to when you registered your Oath account (as updated or amended), which may be different from the Oath Terms of Service and Privacy Policy that govern the Flickr Services.



DESCRIPTION OF THE FLICKR SERVICES

Please click this link to learn what additional features Flickr Pro provides: https://www.flickr.com/account/upgrade/pro



REGISTRATION AND PARTICIPATION

To participate in the Flickr Services, you must provide Oath your credit card number, billing information and other information (“Registration Data”), which will be stored.
You agree that the Registration Data is valid, and complete and you will maintain and promptly update that information to keep it valid and complete.
If you do not have an account, you will be prompted to register for one before you can pay for a service.
You, and not Oath, are responsible for all purchases (including any unauthorized purchases or errors) made through Oath or in connection with your account.
You must resolve purchase-related disputes with and promptly report unauthorized use of your credit card to your credit card company, online payment service provider, merchant, or bank.
Your liability for unauthorized use of your card may be limited by your card issuer’s agreement with you and/or by applicable law.
In addition to the uses of account information authorized by the TOS, Oath may access, preserve, monitor and disclose your card information in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to verify your account, to identify or resolve problems, or to respond to inquiries about any of your Flickr Services, but nothing in this section shall impose a duty on Oath to make any such disclosures.



CONTENT: IP OWNERSHIP AND LICENSE GRANT

If you agreed to a version of the Oath Terms of Service that was last modified on or after March 23, 2018 (the “New Oath TOS”), the following section applies to you:
These additional terms for Flickr Pro subscribers are in addition to Oath’s Terms of Service and, for Flickr Pro subscribers these terms supersede Oath’s Terms of Service only as to the IP Ownership and License Grant in Section 6(b) of Oath’s Terms of Service.
Oath and all of its brands listed in Section 13 of Oath’s Terms of Service (including Oath, AOL, and Flickr brands) and the corporate entities listed in Sections 13 and 14 of Oath’s Terms of Service (collectively, “Oath,” “us,” “we” or “our”) are part of the Verizon family of companies.
Our brands, websites, apps, products, services and technologies are referred to as the “Services.”
As a Flickr Pro subscription member, when you upload, share with or submit content including photos and graphics (the “Content”) to the Services, you retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that Content.
However, with respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Services, you grant Oath the following worldwide, royalty-free and non-exclusive license: the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the Services solely for the purpose for which such Content was submitted or made available.
This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on the Services and will terminate at the time you remove or Oath removes such Content from the Services.
You must have the necessary rights to grant us the license described in this section for any Content that you upload, share with or submit to the Services.
"Publicly accessible" areas of the Services are those areas of the Oath network of properties that are intended by Oath to be available to the general public.
By way of example, publicly accessible areas of the Services would include portions of Flickr that are open to both members and visitors.
However, publicly accessible areas of the Services would not include portions of Flickr that are limited to members, Services intended for private communication such as Oath Mail, or areas off of the Oath network of properties such as portions of World Wide Web sites that are accessible via hypertext or other links but are not hosted or served by Oath.



PAYMENT, ACCOUNT UPDATER, FRAUD PROTECTIONS AND TERMINATION




Payment Terms

Your credit card will automatically be charged the current fee for the Flickr Service you choose on the date that you click the “Submit order” button in the ordering process.
If you do not cancel the Flickr Service you ordered by the end of the current term, your credit card on file will also automatically be charged the then-current fee for that Flickr Service at the commencement of each renewal term.
Fees can not be credited towards other services.
Current fees are posted on Flickr at https://www.flickr.com/account/upgrade/pro.
All currency references are in U.S.
dollars.
Please note, payment for the Service is non-refundable, unless Oath expressly provides otherwise.
To cancel the Service visit https://flickr.com/account/wallet.
If you cancel you will continue to keep the service until the end of your subscription term.



Account Updater

As a convenience to its users, Oath may subscribe to a third party service that can attempt to refresh expired credit card or debit card numbers with the numbers of replacement cards so that users’ paid services do not lapse because the payment instrument initially on file with Oath has expired (“Account Updater”).
By buying a Flickr Service, you consent to Oath’s disclosure of your registration information to this third party service and to that service’s use of such information solely in connection with Account Updater.
You also consent to Oath’s receipt and use of updated credit card or debit card account information from your financial institution in connection with the provision of the service as provided in the TOS, these Additional Terms, the Privacy Policy, and the Community Guidelines.



Fraud Protections

To protect against fraud, Oath may verify the credit card information you provide.
The verification process may include debiting an amount between $0.00 and $1.00 from your credit card account and then immediately crediting the same amount back to your credit card.
Oath will only use this process to screen for fraud and will not otherwise debit your credit card account except as part of a transaction conducted through your account for the Service.
By providing Oath with your credit card information, you authorize Oath to debit and credit your credit card account for an amount less than or equal to one dollar for such verification purposes.



Termination

If your credit card is invalid for any reason, your account will revert to a free Flickr account and will be subject to the limitations of a free Flickr account.
provided, however, that Oath reserves the right to cancel your account entirely in such case, whereupon all the information and content contained within it will be deleted permanently.
Oath accepts no liability for data that is deleted due to an invalid credit card.





AGE REQUIREMENTS

The Flickr Services are available for individuals 13 or older.
If you are 13 or older but under the age of 18, you should review these terms and conditions with your parent or guardian to make sure that you and your parent or guardian understand and agree to these terms and conditions.


THE FOLLOWING ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY TO FLICKR GIFT PURCHASES ONLY



ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS

Welcome to Flickr Gift Certificate.
By purchasing a Flickr Gift Certificate, you agree to these Gift Purchaser Terms at https://www.flickr.com/gift_terms_purchaser.gne that supplement the Oath Terms of Service (“TOS”) at https://www.flickr.com/utos_detect.gne (and any successor pages), which are incorporated by reference.
Separate Terms of Service govern the redemption and use of the gift certificate and the use of the product by the recipient, and must be agreed by the recipient of a gift certificate prior to redemption of the gift certificate and use of the product.
Those terms are at https://www.flickr.com/gift_terms_redeemer.gne, and any successor pages.
Oath reserves the right to update and change, from time to time, these Gift Purchaser Terms and all documents incorporated by reference.
You can always find the most recent version of these Gift Purchaser Terms and the most recent version of the TOS at the URLs indicated above.



DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE

Certain Flickr services allow the purchase of gift certificates, in which the cost of a subscription to that service may be given to another user as a gift.
Flickr Gift Certificates can only be purchased on the Flickr site, and a particular gift certificate may only be applied toward the purchase of the Flickr service for which it is being offered.
Gift certificates may be purchased in set amounts.
Flickr Gift Certificates may not be used to purchase other Flickr Gift Certificates or any other Oath Services or Oath Gift Certificates.



ELIGIBILITY

A Flickr Gift Certificate may only be sold to persons 13 or older.
Oath reserves the right to restrict the availability of a Flickr Gift Certificate to residents of certain U.S.
states, with or without notice.
A Flickr Gift Certificate is intended for use as a gift to an individual.
A Flickr Gift Certificate is non-transferable, and resale of a Flickr Gift Certificate or use for unauthorized advertising, marketing, sweepstakes or other promotional purposes is strictly prohibited.
You agree that Oath has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of gift certificates and balances (or any portion thereof) obtained or used under such circumstances.



PURCHASE REQUIREMENTS

To purchase a Flickr Gift Certificate, you must provide Oath your credit card, billing and shipping information and other information (“Registration Data”), which will be stored.
You agree that the Registration Data is valid and complete and you will maintain and promptly update that information to keep it valid and complete.
If you do not have a an account, you will be prompted to register for one before you can pay for a Flickr Gift Certificate.
You, and not Oath, are responsible for all purchases (including any unauthorized purchases or errors) made through Oath or in connection with your account.
You must resolve purchase-related disputes with and promptly report unauthorized use of your credit card to your credit card company, online payment service provider, merchant, or bank.
Your liability for unauthorized use of your card may be limited by your card issuer’s agreement with you and/or by applicable law.
In addition to the uses of account information authorized by the TOS, Oath may access, preserve, monitor and disclose your card information in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to verify your account, to identify or resolve problems, or to respond to inquiries about any of your Flickr Services, but nothing in this section shall impose a duty on Oath to make any such disclosures.



FEES AND CHARGES

Flickr may, upon notice required by applicable laws, at any time: (i) change the amount of, or basis for determining, any fee or charge related to any Flickr Gift Certificate, or (ii) institute new fees or charges related to a Flickr Gift Certificate.



NO REFUNDS

Once your order is processed and confirmed by Oath, your gift certificate purchase is final.
You will not be able to cancel your Flickr gift certificate order, and you will not be entitled to any refunds or credits.



EXPIRATION

A Flickr Gift Certificate does not expire.
However, you understand and agree that receipt and acceptance of the Flickr Gift Certificate by your intended recipient will be deemed to have occurred when the recipient provides their consent to Oath to receive the gift or, in the case of a gift generating a gift code, when the recipient enters the gift code associated with the Flickr Gift Certificate on to the Flickr site and successfully applies the value associated with that gift to their Flickr account.
In the unlikely event that your Flickr Gift Certificate is not received and accepted by your intended recipient twelve (12) months from the date that your payment for such gift certificate is finalized, then the Flickr Gift Certificate will be applied to your own Flickr account.
By way of example and not limitation, if you purchase a one year Flickr Gift Certificate and the intended recipient of the Flickr Gift Certificate does not receive and accept the one year certificate twelve (12) months from the date of payment, one year of Pro status will be added to your own Flickr account.
There are presently no service fees for the maintenance of unaccepted Flickr Gift Certificates.



NO REPLACEMENT

Flickr Gift Certificates will not be replaced if they are lost, stolen, or used without permission.



TERMINATION

Oath reserves the right to close customer accounts and request alternative forms of payment if a Flickr Gift Certificate is obtained or used fraudulently on the Flickr site.



NO LIABILITY

A Flickr Gift Certificate is provided “AS-IS”, and Oath assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery, misapplication or failure to store any user communications personalization settings, or balance.


Last updated: 2018-04-03

About
Jobs
Blog
Developers
Guidelines
Report abuse
Help forum
 English 


Privacy
Terms
Help
   






 &lt;img src="https://geo.yahoo.com/b?s=792600607" height="1" width="1" style="position: absolute;" /&gt.
  
 Explore 
 Recent Photos
 Trending
 Flickr VR
 The Commons 
 Galleries 
 World Map 
 Camera Finder 
 The Weekly Flickr 
 Flickr Blog 


 Create 







Upload

 Log In 
 Sign Up 
 Explore Recent Photos Trending The Commons Galleries The Weekly Flickr Flickr Blog Policies &amp.
Guidelines 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 API 
 Community 
 Flickr Community Guidelines


Flickr accounts are intended for members to share original photos and video that they themselves have created.


These Community Guidelines are here to help you understand what it means to be a member of Flickr.
Don't forget that your use of Flickr is subject to these Community Guidelines and the Flickr Terms &amp.
Conditions of Use.

Things to do


Play nice


We're a global community of many types of people, who all have the right to feel comfortable and who may not think what you think, believe what you believe, or see what you see.
So, be polite and respectful in your interactions with other members.


Only upload content that you have created.


Respect the copyright of others.
This means don't steal photos or videos that other people have shared and pass them off as your own.
(That's what favorites and galleries are for.)


Moderate your content.


All content on Flickr, public and private, has to be appropriately moderated as "safe", "moderate", or "restricted" using our safety and content filters.
If your judgment proves to be poor, we'll moderate your account to match appropriate categorization for Safe Search and/or content type and send you a warning.


Link back to Flickr when you post your Flickr content elsewhere.


Flickr makes it possible to post content hosted on Flickr to other web sites.
Pages on other web sites that display content hosted on flickr.com must provide a link from each photo or video back to its page on Flickr.
This provides a way to get more information about the content and the photographer.


Enjoy Flickr!


This is your community.
Celebrate your creativity, be social and share what's important to you.
See the world through others' eyes, participate, find your muse, and expand your horizons!

Things not to do

Here's the deal: We like to give second chances.
However, when we discover you stepping across any of the lines listed below, we will take action, which may mean deleting your account with or without warning.



Don't upload anything that isn't yours.


This includes other people's photos, video, and/or stuff you've copied or collected from around the Internet.
Accounts that consist primarily of such collections may be deleted at any time.
Flickr also has a zero tolerance policy towards sharing adult or sexualized content of another person without that person’s consent (Non-Consensual Pornography).
If you experience this, report it to us.


Don't forget the children.


If you would hesitate to show your photos or videos to a child, your family, or a stranger on the street, that means you need to set the appropriate content filter setting.
If you don't, your account will be moderated and possibly deleted by Flickr staff.


Don't show nudity in your buddy icon or cover photo.


Only content considered "safe" is appropriate for your icon or cover photo.
If we find either contains inappropriate content, we'll remove it, mark your account as "restricted" and send you a warning.
If we find you doing it again, we'll delete your account.


Don't upload content that is illegal or prohibited.


If we find you doing that, your account will be deleted and we'll take appropriate action, which may include reporting you to the authorities.
Don't vent your frustrations, rant, or bore the brains out of other members.
Flickr is not a venue for you to harass, abuse, spam, impersonate, or intimidate others.
If we receive a valid complaint about your conduct, we'll send you a warning or delete your account.


Don't be creepy.


You know the guy.
Don't be that guy.


Don't use your account to host web graphics or as a replacement for a content distribution network.


If we find you using your account to host generic graphic elements of web page designs, logos, banners, icons, and other non-photographic elements on other web sites, or if you show suspicious upload behavior that impacts the stability of our servers, we will warn you or delete your account.


Don’t spam


We don't tolerate spam, deceptive tagging, deceptive photo titles and descriptions, resource abuse, or other abusive means to generate revenue and traffic to your photos on Flickr or elsewhere.


Don't use Flickr for unauthorized commercial activity.


If you are a photographer and you are specifically promoting your own work, you can use your Flickr account to link to other sites where you share or sell your work.
If you have a free account and don’t have a Flickr Pro account, you may not link directly to a shopping cart, checkout page, or pricing pages on other sites, and you may not list prices on your Flickr photo descriptions.



If you are a Flickr Pro member, you can use Flickr to promote your photography business, your products, your photography classes, etc.
You can link directly to a shopping cart, checkout page, or pricing pages on other sites, and you can list prices for your images in your Flickr photo descriptions.
As long as you are promoting your own photography and you aren’t violating the Flickr Terms &amp.
Conditions of Use, you are good with us.


Your links need to be human readable (no shortened URLs) and they should be relevant to the photo, such as links to your website, to social media sites, or to your blog.
Don’t turn your photo descriptions into link spam.


Some examples of acceptable use of Flickr if you are a Pro:

If you are a wedding photographer, you can share albums with your clients and use Flickr to promote your work.


If you make photo books through Blurb or other companies and want to promote them on Flickr, that’s ok.


If you teach photography classes and you want to promote those classes, that’s fine with us.


If you make and sell products (e.g.
cookbooks, origami, custom bricks, craftwork, jewelry, digital products, etc), so long as you are a Flickr Pro member, you can promote them on Flickr.
 Regardless of whether you have a free account or a Flickr Pro account, your links need to be human readable (no shortened URLs) and they should be relevant to the photo, such as links to your website, to social media sites, or to your blog.
Don’t turn your photo descriptions into link spam.


Oh, and one more thing:


Copyright Infringement.


If you see photos or videos that you've created in another member's photostream, don't panic.
This is probably just a misunderstanding and not malicious.
A good first step is to contact them via FlickrMail and politely ask them to remove it.
If that doesn't work, please file a Notice with Flickr's Designated Copyright Agent referenced in the Flickr Terms &amp.
Conditions of Use who will take it from there.


You may be tempted to post an entry on your photostream or in our public forum about what's happening, but that's not the best way to resolve a possible copyright problem.
We don't encourage singling out individuals like this on Flickr as it could be seen as harassment which is against our guidelines.


In Conclusion


If you don't feel that you can abide by our Community Guidelines as outlined above, maybe Flickr isn't for you.
We've crafted these guidelines to ensure that everyone within the Flickr community has a good time.


You may also want to check out our FAQs and Privacy Policy.
If you ever have any questions or comments, we'd love to hear from you.
Please feel free to drop us a line through help@flickr.com.


The Flickreenos, May 9, 2018 
About
Jobs
Blog
Developers
Guidelines
Report abuse
Help forum
 English 


Privacy
Terms
Help
   






 
  Welcome to the Oath Privacy Center 
In June 2017, we announced that Yahoo and AOL had joined to become Oath, a digital and mobile media company and part of Verizon.
 We’re now bringing Oath and Yahoo under a single privacy policy.
 Some things haven’t changed, like the control tools we provide to help you manage your experience with us.
 If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy.
 If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy or legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL) still apply to your account.
 For Oath products or services that are accessed without signing into an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services starting May 25, 2018.  If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply starting today.
 


Last updated: April 2018
 Our Privacy Pledge Our commitment is to put users first.
 We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices.
 This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Oath, its affiliates and its house of global brands (“Oath,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it.
This policy applies to Oath brands, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”).
 Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in Details for Specific Products and Services. Your Controls We believe you should have tools to control your information.
You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data, and search history at Privacy Controls.  Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices.  (See, Details for Specific Products and Services) Information Collection and Use - General We may collect and combine information when you interact with Oath Services including:


Information You Provide to Us.  We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as: 
When you create an account with an Oath Service or brand.
(Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.)  Oath may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you.
When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).
Oath analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail.
 This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services.
When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Oath software such as plugins.
When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information.



Device Information.
 We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services.
 This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as IP address, cookie information, mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data.
 We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use. 

Location Information.
 We collect location information from a variety of sources.
 You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our Locations page and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices.
 

Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.

We collect information when you access content, advertising, sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Oath’s data collection technologies (such as web beacons, development tools, cookies and other technologies, etc.) are present.
These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners.
This information also includes the kind of content or ads served, viewed or clicked on.
the frequency and duration of your activities.
the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next.
whether you engaged with specific content or ads.
and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions. 



Information from Others.
 We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as:  
When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter).
From publicly-available sources.
From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings.
When we obtain information from third-parties or other companies, such as those that use our Services.
This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us. 
We may also receive information from Verizon and will honor the choices Verizon customers have made about the uses of this information when we receive and use this data.


How We Use This Information We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in.  We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes: 

Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services.
 
Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts photos, attachments, and other communications).
 You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Oath account by using Privacy Controls. 
Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you. 
Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites.
Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide targeted advertising based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information.
 
Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which you can also control. 
Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Oath Services together.  We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID. 
Carry out or support promotions.
Conduct research and support innovation. 
Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps, third-parties and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences.
These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information.
Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your location settings.
Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or other companies, such as your activities on other sites and apps.
Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity.

We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us.
 For example, you can review or edit your account information, manage your marketing preferences, or opt out of targeted ads.
 If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you.  How We Share This Information Oath shares information within its affiliated brands and companies and with Verizon.  We also share information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with third-party apps and widgets).  We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Oath unless one of the following circumstances applies:


With Your Consent.  We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Oath when we have your consent. 

With Verizon.  As part of Verizon, Oath and its affiliates may, to the extent permitted by law and consistent with user controls, share information with Verizon and Verizon affiliates.
This information will be used consistent with Verizon’s privacy policy.
   

Within Oath.  Information may also be shared within Oath, including with other Oath Services and affiliates.  Oath affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.

With Partners.  We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are: 

Trusted Partners.  We provide user information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Oath based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures.  Learn more. 

Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to Non-Personally Identifiable Information).  We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or other companies.  For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion.  We do not share information that personally identifies you (personally identifiable information is information like name or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or other companies.  When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies.  We allow other companies that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices.  Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.  Like many companies, we may allow cookie matching with select partners.  But, these parties are not authorized to access Oath cookies.
 



For Legal and Other Purposes.
 We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests.
(ii) enforcement of the Terms.
(iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties.
(iv) requests for customer service.
(v) technical issues.
(vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Oath, its users or the public.
(vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims.
or (viii) as otherwise required by law.

This may include responding to lawful governmental requests.  Learn more about how we evaluate and respond to these requests. 



New Ownership.  If the ownership or control of all or part of Verizon, Oath or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner. 
Details for Specific Products and Services Additional privacy practices for certain Oath Services are included here.

Information Security and Data Retention

Oath has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store.
   
To learn more about security, including the steps we have taken and steps you can take, please read Security at Oath. Protecting Children’s Privacy Our Services are for a general audience.  We do not knowingly collect, use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law.  With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have an Oath Family Account.
Visit Children's Privacy &amp.
Family Accounts to learn more about children’s privacy at Oath. Data Processing and Transfers When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services.
 Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside. 
Oath may process information related to individuals in the EU/EEA and may transfer that information from the EU/EEA through various compliance mechanisms, including data processing agreements based on the EU/EEA Standard Contractual Clauses.
 By using our Services, you consent to us transferring information about you to these countries.
 For more information, please visit our Data Transfer page. Other Important Information 
This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Oath.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Oath does not own or control, or to people that Oath does not employ or manage.  In addition, some affiliated products (such as Tumblr) may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy.  Changes We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically.
 If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect.
  Questions &amp.
Suggestions If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at:
Oath
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
701 First Avenue
Sunnyvale, CA 94089 
