
 FORBES® Website Terms of Service 
Revised and posted as of: November 5, 2015
 Welcome to Forbes.com.
Forbes.com (the "Website") is an Internet service owned and operated by Forbes Media LLC ("Forbes").
Forbes is dedicated to providing visitors to the Website with a highly interactive and positive experience, while at the same time protecting our rights and the rights of our users.
We have developed these Terms and Conditions to govern your use of the Website as well as your use of any other Internet services and channels of Forbes including, but not limited to, our mobile applications (e.g., Forbes Under 30) and social media and other channels (e.g., Forbes’ various profiles on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube.
emails in response to requests for submissions) (“Other Channels”).
We, along with our affiliates, partners and advertisers, provide content and services to you via the Website and Other Channels subject to the following conditions.
Your use of the Website and/or Other Channels tells us you have read and agreed to these Terms and Conditions.
Please read them carefully.
These Terms and Conditions are a binding contract between you and Forbes, regarding your use of the Website or Other Channels.
If you do not agree with any of these terms, please exit the Website and cease use of any Other Channels.

The Website Content 
1.1
All of the information, content, services and software displayed on, transmitted through, or used in connection with the Website or Other Channels, including for example, advertising, directories, guides, articles, opinions, reviews, text, photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips, video, html, source and object code, software, data, and all other related matters, including without limitation, the selection and arrangement of the aforementioned and the "look and feel" of this website (collectively, the "Content"), are protected under applicable copyrights and other proprietary (including but not limited to intellectual property) rights and are the intellectual property of Forbes, and its affiliated companies, licensors and suppliers.
Forbes actively protects its rights to the Content to the fullest extent of the law.
The copying, rearrangement, broadcast, rewriting for broadcast or publication, redistribution, modification, use or publication by you in any medium, directly or indirectly, of any such matters or any part of the Website, including the removal or alteration of advertising, except for limited rights of use granted hereunder, is strictly prohibited.
You may not use such material except as provided in these Terms and Conditions.


1.2	
The Content includes logotypes, trademarks and service marks (collectively "Marks") owned by Forbes, and Marks owned by other information providers and third parties.
For example, "Forbes" is a registered trademark of Forbes.
No Marks may be used in any manner unless approved in advance, in writing by Forbes.


1.3	
You may use the Content online and solely for your personal, non-commercial use, and you may download or print a single copy of any portion of the Content for your personal, non-commercial use, provided you do not remove any trademark, copyright or other notice contained in such Content.
No other use is permitted unless otherwise expressly permitted by Forbes.
You may not, for example, republish the Content on any Internet, Intranet or Extranet site or incorporate the Content in any database, compilation, archive or cache or store the Content in electronic form on your computer or mobile device unless otherwise expressly permitted by Forbes.
You may not distribute any of the Content to others, whether or not for payment or other consideration, and you may not modify, copy, frame, reproduce, sell, publish, transmit, display or otherwise use any portion of the Content without securing the prior written consent of Forbes.


1.4	
Requests to use the Content for any purpose other than as permitted in this paragraph should be submitted as directed on the Website or Other Channels, as applicable.


1.5	
Free access to the content made available to you on the Website is possible due to the paid advertising that appears on the Website.
Without this advertising, we would not be able to provide you with this content for free.
In exchange for your free access to this content, you agree that you will not, and will not permit any third party to, remove, obstruct, modify or otherwise interfere with the delivery or display of advertisements on the Website.


1.6	
You may not frame or utilize framing techniques that involve any trademark, logo, copyrighted material or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of any portion of the Website or Other Channels without our express written consent.
You may not alter or modify in any way, the Website or Other Channels including but not limited to using any software to suppress or alter the display of advertising on the pages of the Website or Other Channels.
In addition, you agree not to decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble any software or other products or processes accessible through the Website or Other Channels, not to insert any code or product or manipulate the content of the Website or Other Channels in any way that affects the user's experience, and not to use any data mining, robots, cancelbots, Trojan horse, or any data gathering or extraction method in connection with your use of the Website or Other Channels.


1.7	
Forbes respects the intellectual property of others.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement or are aware of any infringing material placed by any third party on the Website, please contact our designated copyright agent, in writing, either by email at copyrightagent@forbes.com or by regular mail at Forbes Media LLC, 499 Washington Blvd., Jersey City, NJ 07310, USA, Attn: Legal Department, Copyright Agent, DMCA Complaints, and provide the designated copyright agent with the following information consistent with the form required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C.
Section 512(c)(3): 
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyright work claimed to have been infringed;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to locate the material;
Information sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, including address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
 Please note that attachments cannot be accepted at the e-mail address for security reasons.
Accordingly, any notification of infringement submitted electronically with an attachment will not be received or processed.
Forbes will terminate the account of any user that is determined to be a repeat copyright infringer.



 Membership and Registration 
2.1	
Certain areas of the Website or Other Channels (as applicable) may require registration or may otherwise ask you to provide information to participate in certain features or access certain content.
The decision to provide this information is purely optional, however if you elect not to provide such information, you may not be able to access certain content or features or participate in various areas of the Website or applicable Other Channels.
When you register or become a member of the Website or applicable Other Channels or provide information to the Website or applicable Other Channels in any other manner, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current and complete information on all registration pages.
Using a name other than your own legal name is prohibited.
You agree that Forbes may use the information you provide to us according to the Privacy Policy set forth on the Website.


2.2	
If you become a member of the Website or applicable Other Channels, you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password, and agree you will not sell, transfer or assign your membership or any membership rights.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and for restricting access to your computer so that others may not access the Website or applicable Other Channels using your name in whole or in part.
Forbes reserves the right to terminate membership and deny access to the Website or applicable Other Channels to any person who violates these Terms and Conditions.


 Other Information Content Providers: Non-Staff Contributors, Commenters, Microsoft, Etc.

3.1	

The Website and Other Channels may distribute content supplied by other information content providers such as non-staff contributors, commenters, Microsoft, etc.
We use these providers to enhance your experience on the Website and Other Channels.
Forbes, the Website and Other Channels are not responsible for the statements and opinions expressed by those content providers.
Responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of such content lies solely with those content providers and is not guaranteed by Forbes.
Each of those providers have their own "Terms and Conditions" on their websites.
For example, we use Bing to place interactive maps on the Website in connection with our People, Places and Companies features.
Bing’s separate Terms of Use are located here: https://go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9710837
Pursuant to 47 U.S.C.§ 230, Forbes is not the publisher of such information and is therefore not liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions in such content.
Given the volume of information posted by such providers, the Website cannot and does not monitor all of the information posted to the Website or Other Channels and assumes no duty to monitor the Website or Other Channels for inappropriate or inaccurate content.
Neither Forbes nor its affiliates or employees shall be liable to any user or anyone else for claims of defamation, libel, slander, infringement, invasion of privacy and publicity rights, obscenity, pornography, fraud or misrepresentation arising from such content.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Forbes reserves the right to remove information provided by other information content providers at any time in its sole discretion.



User-Generated Content: Comments and Other Submissions 
4.1	
The interactive areas of the Website and Other Channels are provided to give users an interesting and stimulating forum to express their opinions and share their ideas and information.
To protect your safety, please use your best judgment when submitting information to the Website and Other Channels.
We particularly discourage divulging personal phone numbers and addresses or other information that can be used to identify or locate you in public areas of the Website and Other Channels.
Forbes reserves the right to delete, move or edit any submission at any time, for any reason or in its discretion, but has no obligation to review or remove any such content.


4.2	
By placing material on, or communicating with, the Website or Other Channels (e.g., posting a comment to a Forbes story.
publishing a picture or video on a Forbes Facebook profile.
participating in a Forbes Internet conversation by publishing a Tweet which incorporates a hashtag encouraged by or otherwise referencing Forbes.
submitting content to Forbes via email in response to a request for submissions on the Website or Other Channels) you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you provide, that the content is accurate, that it does not violate these Terms and Conditions, and that it will not cause injury to any person or entity.
You grant Forbes and its affiliates and related entities a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to (or permit others to) use, copy, modify, display, archive, store, distribute, reproduce and create derivative works from all information you publish, post, or otherwise provide to us via the Website or Other Channels, in any form, media, software or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future.
Without limiting the generality of the previous sentence, you authorize Forbes to include the information you provide in a searchable format that may be accessed by users of the Website, other Forbes websites owned or operated by Forbes, and Other Channels.
You also grant Forbes and its affiliates and related entities and other parties the right to use your name and any other information about you that you provide in connection with its use and with the reproduction or distribution of such material, and also grant Forbes the right to use any material, information, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any communication, content, or materials you send to us for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
All rights in this paragraph are granted without the need for additional compensation of any sort to you.


4.3	
Please note that Forbes does not accept unsolicited materials or ideas for use or publication.
Forbes is not responsible for the similarity of any of its content or programming in any media to materials or ideas transmitted to Forbes.


Posting Rules 


 Interactive areas of the Website and Other Channels are intended to encourage public debate.
We expect people to differ - judgment and opinion are subjective things - and we encourage freedom of speech and a marketplace of ideas.
But by using these areas of the Website and Other Channels, you are participating in a community that is intended for all our users.
Therefore, we reserve the right to remove any content posted on the Website or Other Channels at any time for any reason without notice.
Decisions as to whether content violates any Forbes' posting rule will be made by Forbes in its discretion after we have actual notice of such posting.
Without limiting our right to remove content, we have attempted to provide the following guidelines to those posting content on the Website and Other Channels.
When using the Website or Other Channels, please do not post material that: 
contains vulgar, profane, abusive or hateful language, epithets or slurs, text or illustrations in poor taste, inflammatory attacks of a personal, racial or religious nature, or expressions of bigotry, racism, discrimination or hate.
is defamatory, threatening, disparaging, grossly inflammatory, false, misleading, deceptive, fraudulent, inaccurate, unfair, contains gross exaggeration or unsubstantiated claims, violates the privacy rights of any third party, is unreasonably harmful or offensive to any individual or community, contains any actionable statement, or tends to mislead or reflect unfairly on any other person, business or entity.
violates any right of Forbes or any third party.
discriminates on the grounds of race, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation or disability, or refers to such matters in any manner prohibited by law.
violates any municipal, state or federal law, rule, regulation or ordinance, or attempts to encourage such an evasion or violation.
unfairly interferes with any third party's uninterrupted use and enjoyment of the Website or Other Channels.
advertises, promotes or offers to trade any goods or services, except in areas specifically designated for such purpose.
uploads copyrighted or other proprietary material of any kind on the Website without the express permission of the owner of that material.
uses or attempts to use another's account, password, service or system except as expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions.
includes images, photos, articles or other content that constitutes, promotes or encourages illegal acts, violation of any right of any individual or entity, violation of any local, state, national or international law, rule, guideline or regulation, or otherwise creates liability.
uploads or transmits viruses or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files.
disrupts, interferes with, or otherwise harms or violates the security of the Website, or any services, system resources, accounts, passwords, servers or networks connected to or accessible through the Website, Other Channels or affiliated or linked sites.
"inflames" any individual or entity (e.g., sends repeated messages related to another user and/or makes derogatory or offensive comments about another individual), or repeats prior posting of the same message under multiple threads or subjects.
is unrelated to the specific interactive area or the interactive area's topic.
disguises the origin of the post.
collects or stores other users' personal data.

 A violation of certain of posting rules may be referred to law enforcement authorities.
Forbes reserves the right to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request.



Website Security Rules 
6.1	
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Website or Other Channels, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for you or logging into a server or account which you are not authorized to access, (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization, (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Website, overloading, "flooding", "mailbombing" or "crashing", or (d) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail, forum, or newsgroup posting.
Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability.
Forbes will investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting those who are involved in such violations.


Communications With Third Parties Through the Website 
7.1	
Your dealings or communications through the Website and Other Channels with any party other than Forbes are solely between you and that third party.
For example, certain areas of the Website and Other Channels may allow you to conduct transactions or purchase goods or services.
In most cases, these transactions will be conducted by our third-party partners and vendors.
Under no circumstances will Forbes be liable for any goods, services, resources or content available through such third party dealings or communications, or for any harm related thereto.
Please review carefully that third party's policies and practices and make sure you are comfortable with those policies and practices before you engage in any transaction.
Any complaints, concerns or questions you may have relating to materials provided by third parties should be forwarded directly to the third party.


Software Available On This Website 
8.1	
Any software that is made available to download from the Website or Other Channels ("Software") is the copyrighted work of Forbes' suppliers, unless otherwise indicated.
Use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end-user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software ("License Agreement").
End users shall not install or use any Software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement, unless the end user first agrees to the License Agreement terms.
Any such Software is not available to users in territories where its distribution is prohibited by law.


International Users 
9.1	
The Website and certain Other Channels are controlled, operated and administered by Forbes from its offices within the United States.
Forbes makes no representation that materials or the Content available through the Website or Other Channels are appropriate or available for use outside the United States and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited.
You may not use the Website or Other Channels, or export the Content in violation of U.S.
export laws and regulations.
If you access the Website or Other Channels from a location outside the United States, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws.


E-Mail Addresses 
10.1	
Forbes respects the privacy of its readers.
However, Forbes does make available for rental its list of those registrants who have expressly provided us with their permission to receive third party information and offers as part of their user profile.
Registrants may change their user profile at any time by visiting the "edit my profile" page at //members.forbes.com/membership/editprofile.jhtml.


Modification 
11.1
Forbes shall have the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add or remove terms of this agreement at any time without notice.
Changes shall be effective immediately.
You agree to review this agreement periodically since subsequent use by you of the Website or Other Channels shall constitute your acceptance of any changes.
Forbes shall have the right at any time to change or discontinue any aspect of the Website or Other Channels, including, but not limited to, the community areas, content, hours of availability and equipment needed for access to use.
Such changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be effective immediately upon posting and any subsequent use by you after such posting shall conclusively be deemed to be acceptance by you of such changes, modifications or deletions.


Notice of Availability of Filtering Software 
12.1
You should know that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors.
A report detailing some of those protections can be found at http://www.ntia.doc.gov/ntiahome/ntiageneral/cipa2003/index.html (Children's Internet Protection Act: Report on the Effectiveness of Internet Protection Measures and Safety Policies).


Disclaimer 
13.1
ALL MATERIALS AND SERVICES ON THE WEBSITE, OTHER CHANNELS, AND ANY THIRD-PARTY SITES TO WHICH THE FOREGOING LINKS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" OR "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
FORBES IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE AVAILABILITY OR CONTENT OF OTHER SERVICES THAT MAY BE LINKED TO THE WEBSITE OR OTHER CHANNELS.
BECAUSE FORBES HAS NO CONTROL OVER SUCH SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT FORBES IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE AVAILABILITY OF SUCH EXTERNAL SERVICES, AND THAT FORBES DOES NOT ENDORSE AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY CONTENT, ACCURACY, QUALITY, ADVERTISING, PRODUCTS OR OTHER MATERIALS ON OR AVAILABLE FROM SUCH EXTERNAL SERVICES.
YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT FORBES SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS CAUSED OR ALLEGED TO BE CAUSED BY OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF OR RELIANCE ON ANY CONTENT, GOODS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH SUCH EXTERNAL SERVICES.THE CONTENT PUBLISHED ON THE WEBSITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS.
CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY MADE TO THE INFORMATION ON THE WEBSITE.
FORBES AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES TO THE WEBSITE OR OTHER CHANNELS AT ANY TIME INCLUDING CHANGES TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
THE WEBSITE OFFERS A SEARCH FEATURE WITHIN THE SITE.
FORBES EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONTENT OR AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION CONTAINED IN OUR SEARCH INDEX OR DIRECTORY.
FORBES ALSO DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE COMPLETENESS OR ACCURACY OF ANY DIRECTORY OR SEARCH RESULT.
FORBES AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS AND, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE REGARDING THE SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION.
THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS OF THE CONTENT, SERVICES, PRODUCTS, TEXT, GRAPHICS, LINKS, OR OTHER ITEMS CONTAINED WITHIN THE WEBSITE OR OTHER CHANNELS, OR THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM ACCESSING AND USING THE WEBSITE OR OTHER CHANNELS AND/OR THE CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN.
FORBES DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING BULLETIN BOARDS OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE, ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
THE USER ASSUMES THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY MAINTENANCE, REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF THE USERS COMPUTER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT.


Indemnity/Limitation of Liability 
14.1
AS A CONDITION OF USE OF THIS WEBSITE AND ANY OTHER CHANNELS, YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS, FORBES AND ITS SUPPLIERS, EACH OF THEIR PARENT AND AFFILIATED COMPANIES, AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, CONTRACTORS AND AGENTS, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, CLAIMS FOR DEFAMATION, TRADE DISPARAGEMENT, PRIVACY AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT) AND DAMAGES (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS' FEES AND COURT COSTS) ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY ALLEGATION REGARDING: (A) YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY OTHER CHANNELS.
(B) FORBES' USE OF ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE, AS LONG AS OUR USE IS NOT INCONSISTENT WITH THIS AGREEMENT.
(C) INFORMATION OR MATERIAL POSTED OR TRANSMITTED THROUGH YOUR MEMBERSHIP ACCOUNT, EVEN IF NOT POSTED BY YOU.
AND, (D) ANY VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BY YOU.
If you are dissatisfied with any Forbes material, or with any of Forbes' terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Website or Other Channels, as applicable.


14.2
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Forbes, or its affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the Content, unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, the Content or any errors or omissions in the Content, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
You specifically acknowledge and agree that Forbes is not liable for any conduct of any user.


General 
15.1
These Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to include all other notices, policies, disclaimers, and other terms contained on the Website and Other Channels.
provided, however, that in the event of a conflict between such other terms and the terms of these Terms and Conditions, the terms of these Terms and Conditions shall control.


15.2
These Terms and Conditions have been made in and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
Any action to enforce this agreement shall be brought and in and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal or state courts located in the State of New York, in the Southern District of New York.
If any provision is deemed to be unlawful or unenforceable, that shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the Website must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred.
Any failure of Forbes to enforce or exercise any provision of this Agreement or related right shall not constitute a waiver of that right or provision.
Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of these Terms and Conditions.
The section titles used in this Agreement are purely for convenience and carry with them no legal or contractual effect.
In the event of termination of these Terms and Conditions for any reason, you agree that the following provisions will survive: the provisions regarding the limitations on your use of Content, the license(s) you have granted to Forbes, and all other provisions for which survival is equitable or appropriate.
Forbes may assign its rights and duties under these Terms and Conditions to any party at any time without notice to you.


Service Contact 
16.1
Contact webmaster@forbes.com with questions or problems with the Website.





 

Effective as of: September 25, 2018


Forbes values your privacy.


This Privacy Statement of Forbes Media LLC (“Forbes” “we” “us” or “our”) outlines how your personally identifiable information and other personal data (your “user information”) will be collected, used, and shared in connection with your access to and/or use of Forbes.com and any content, features, services, or other offerings that Forbes may provide in connection therewith (collectively, the “Site”).
&nbsp;This Privacy Statement also describes your choices and rights regarding the use, access and correction or deletion of your user information.
By using the Site, you consent to the use of your user information in accordance with this Privacy Statement.&nbsp.
If you are located in the EU, you will also be asked to provide clear and unequivocal affirmative consent to the collection, processing, and sharing of your user information via cookies and similar technologies.&nbsp.
The Site is owned and operated by Forbes.

Notice to EU Individuals: this Privacy Statement and its enumerated policies are intended to comply with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (the “General Data Protection Regulation” or “GDPR”) and provide appropriate protection and care with respect to the treatment of your user information in accordance with the GDPR.&nbsp.

Summary
To enhance, personalize, and support your experience on the Site, among other things, we collect, use, and share your user information.
&nbsp;For example, we use aggregated information to develop content targeted to user interests and to generally improve the Site’s user experience.
&nbsp;As detailed below, your user information may also be used by Forbes and its partners to tailor content and ads, provide social media features (e.g., features that allow you to share content directly to your preferred social media platform), track your preferences, analyze traffic, and provide similar services and content.&nbsp.
Forbes is committed to your privacy and will not share any user information with any third party without your consent, except as outlined in this Privacy Statement or as permitted by law.&nbsp.
If you have any requests, comments, or questions about this Privacy Statement or your user information, please contact us in the manner provided below.
What this Privacy Statement Covers
This Privacy Statement covers the Site.
While you may encounter links on the Site to other websites, such as those relating to our third party sponsors, advertisers, and other partners, please note that these websites are not covered by this Privacy Statement (unless otherwise noted on such site, which may be the case if, for example, the site is also owned and operated by Forbes).

This Privacy Statement does not apply to the activities of Forbes third party sponsors, advertisers, and other partners that may collect your user information while accessing or using such third party’s services in connection with your use of our Site (e.g.
social media and sharing services).
&nbsp;The privacy and information practices of those third parties are not covered by this Privacy Statement.
&nbsp;To learn more about such third party policies, we encourage you to read and review the privacy statements of each third party service that you may choose to use in connection with the Site.
This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected by us.

As a general reminder, please think carefully before you decide to put anything on the internet.&nbsp.
For example, if you voluntarily disclose user information in chat areas or bulletin boards (e.g., comments sections), that information could be seen and used by others, and may result in unsolicited messages from others.
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information or other user information you may choose to submit in these public forums.
To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, please contact us as provided below.
In some cases, we may not be able to remove personal information voluntarily disclosed by you in such forums for legal retention purposes or technical limitations (e.g., the data may not be searchable), in which case, we will notify you if we are unable to do so.

Gathering of Information

Section Overview: We collect user information when you use the Site.&nbsp.
Sometimes you may submit it to us yourself, other times it may be collected automatically.&nbsp.
You can manage and change your preferences as outlined below.
Information Collected
When you use the Site, your user information may be collected, used, and shared in a variety of manners.&nbsp.
As detailed below, the type of user information collected may vary based on how it was gathered, but may include, among other things, your name, email address, and other information that you voluntarily submit (e.g., when setting up an account or submitting a registration or application on the Site, you may submit your contact information, social media account handles, and/or professional information), information automatically collected about your usage of the Site (e.g., the content that you choose to view), and information about you that our third party partners may share with us if such third party partners have previously received your consent to do so.&nbsp.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Voluntary Submission
Forbes may collect user information that is voluntarily provided by you or with your permission.&nbsp.
For example, we may ask you for information, such as your e-mail address, when you register to become a member of the Site or register for a Forbes-produced live event.
You may also provide information to Forbes in other contexts, including, for example, on your member profile page and public profile URL, to enter into a sweepstakes, contest, or promotion, or to apply for consideration in connection with a Forbes list or similar accolade (e.g., Under 30 list applications).
In the event you order something from the Site or one of our co-branded websites, we may request additional personal information, such as your address, telephone number and credit card information, in order to complete the purchase.
You always have the option not to provide the information we request.
If you choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit most of the Site, but you may be unable to access certain options and services.
When you register or become a member of the Site or provide information to Forbes in any other manner, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current and complete information.
We also supplement the data you provide to us with data from data append services such as public or social graph data in order to better serve you with content or promotions.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that is written to your computer's hard drive by your web browser.
A cookie file can contain and/or automatically collect information, such as a user identification code or IP address, that a website will use to track the pages and number of times you have visited.
&nbsp;The data read from these cookies may be linked to personally identifying (PII) and non-personally identifying (non-PII) information.&nbsp;
We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies on the Site to personalize and optimize your browsing experience and the Site by:

providing you tailored content and advertisements (see below for more information), 

enabling social media features, 

safeguarding against spam and malware,

analyzing trends, traffic, and user behavior, 

administering the website, 

gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole,

tracking web and advertising analytics throughout the Site and its affiliate websites,

remembering your preferences and voluntarily-submitted information (e.g.
custom video playlists, preferences, job title, story ratings, membership status),

performing location-related functionalities and analytics,

participating in market research (e.g., website ratings), and

educating ourselves about how we can continue to improve the Site and its various elements.


Cookies fall into the subcategories below.
Essential Cookies.&nbsp.
Certain cookies are used for specific purposes that are essential to your secure use and navigation of the Site.&nbsp.
Without them, Forbes may not be able to provide core Site functions and features to you, and the Site would not operate as well as you or Forbes would like.
&nbsp;These cookies collect and use information such as your server preferences, single-session data and corresponding identifier, web beacons and log files (detailed below), and other credential-related information.&nbsp.
For EU individuals, essential cookies also help inform Forbes whether you require, or have already been served, an affirmative consent request in connection with the GDPR.&nbsp.
Essential cookies include analytics cookies, which provide us data that allows Forbes to better understand its users and improve the Site based on what we have learned from that data.
Preference Cookies.&nbsp.
Other cookies are used to collect and process information about your preferences and similar choices in connection with the Site in order to optimize your browsing experience (e.g., various local preference settings.
which geographically-customized version of the Site and related content you may prefer [e.g., Forbes US, Forbes Asia, Forbes Europe]).&nbsp.
Preference cookies include social media cookies, which collect information about your social media usage and other data you may have provided in connection with such usage (if you access the Site through a social media website or mobile application, you may have social media cookies).&nbsp.
If you wish to modify or change your social media cookies, please visit and review the settings on your applicable social media account(s).
Advertising Cookies.&nbsp.
To help support the Site and further tailor your experience, Forbes and its advertising partners (and/or their third party analytics providers) also use cookies on the Site to personalize the content and advertisements you may be shown.&nbsp.
Such advertisements use cookies to provide you targeted advertisements that may be more consistent with your interests than non-targeted advertisements.&nbsp.
Certain Forbes advertising partners may also use cookies to monitor or track the performance of their advertising content, including native advertising content (e.g., BrandVoice).&nbsp.
Forbes does not provide user information to advertising partners except in connection with the Site or as required by law.
If you would like to manage your cookie preferences or learn more information about this practice and your right to decline (or opt-out of) cookies placed by some or all of these companies, please click here.

We encourage you to consider keeping your cookies enabled, as if you choose to disable the receipt of cookies from our Site, you may not be able to use or benefit from certain features of the Site, particularly the features that are designed to personalize your experience.
&nbsp;To learn more about the use of cookies in online advertising including how to manage or delete them click here.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but generally allow users to modify their browser settings to display a warning before accepting a cookie, to accept cookies only from certain websites, and/or to refuse all cookies.
Web Beacons
We use web beacons (invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear GIFs) on our sites in order to recognize users, assess traffic patterns, identify preferred content and measure site engagement.
We also include web beacons in our e-mail messages, including newsletters, in order to count how many e-mail messages have been opened.
Forbes and its partners (including advertising partners) also use web beacons to collect various data provided by your browser while you are on our Site and elsewhere (i.e., outside of the Site) where we may be acting as a 3rd party.
This data is collected in the aggregate, but may include or be associated with other non-PII or PII that users have voluntarily submitted.
Log Files
The Site’s web and ad servers log information about a user's IP address, browser type and the current URL the user is requesting.
This information is always provided by a user's browser and automatically logged by most websites.
These log files are stored in a secure location and used in our internal analysis of traffic patterns within our website.
Use of Your Information

Section Overview:&nbsp;Our primary goal in collecting, using, and sharing user information is to enhance your experience on the Site, support the Site, and improve its features, performance, and other elements.&nbsp.
Your user information may be used for the purposes outlined below.&nbsp.
We will not use your user information without a valid legal basis to do so.
To Target Content and Advertising
To develop and provide content and advertising to you that is targeted to your interests, we use the analytics collected by the systems described above to determine which areas of our website you prefer based upon the frequency of your visits and engagement with those areas.
We may make reasonable assumptions based on your browser provided data to target relevant content and advertising to you on our site and elsewhere where we may be acting as a 3rd party.
We may also make reasonable geographic and demographic assumptions based on your presented IP address to target relevant content and advertising.
To Provide Interactive Communications from the Site
To enhance your experience we may provide you with interactive communications, such as notifications of activity by topic or contributor to the e-mail address that you provide to us.
Such interactive communications are provided only to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to receive them as part of their user profile.
From time to time we may provide e-mails highlighting new features, promotions or contests on the website to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to send such communications as part of their user profile.
To Provide Communications from Third Parties
We respect the privacy of our users and will not disclose or distribute our user list to any third party, nor will we permit anyone else to do so.
However, we do make available for rental our list of those registrants who have expressly provided us with their permission to receive third party offers as part of their user profile.
In those cases, your e-mail address will be transferred to the third party.&nbsp.
You can remove your consent to this use or modify your related user information by contacting Forbes as indicated below.
Sharing of Information
You may be requested to voluntarily provide certain user information during your use of the Site.&nbsp.
If you choose to do so, that user information may be shared with Forbes as well as business partners and vendors providing hosting and other services for Forbes.
We use third parties to provide credit card processing, e-mail service providers and hosting services on the Site.
When you sign up for such services, we will share your user information only as necessary for the third party to provide that service.
These third parties are prohibited from using your user information for any other purpose.
&nbsp;With respect to credit card processing, we do not collect, store, or process any credit card information.
&nbsp;If you do not want your information to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer of your information by not using that particular service.

In addition, if you provide any personally identifiable information via an advertiser promotion, please be aware you are directly providing your personally identifiable information to that advertiser.
From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site.
If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you, such as your name and e-mail.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
We use this personally identifiable information to notify contest winners and award prizes.
We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests.
that company will be prohibited from using our users' personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.
As noted above, you can log in to our site using sign-in services that bridge your social media login information with the Site.
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form.
These services give you the option to post information about your activities on this website to your profile page to share with others within your network.&nbsp.
The Site includes social media features, widgets and/or interactive mini-programs that run on our site.
These features are small content modules that users can embed on sites and may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, or set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
We offer widgets that are hosted on the Site, like our embeddable video player.
Use of the Forbes.com widgets is subject to the Site terms of use, but downloading or embedding these widgets on other websites is not covered by this privacy statement.
Aggregate Information with Advertisers
Forbes derives the majority of its revenue on the Site from advertising and sharing information is essential to keeping our services affordable to users.
In order to attract and retain advertisers we use the aggregated, information that we gather (as well as information from third-party market researchers) to describe our services to partners and to assist our advertisers and sponsors to better understand our audience.
We do not disclose personally identifying information about our users to these parties.
We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites.
Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out or modify your choices by clicking here, or if located in the European Union by clicking here.
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.
You will continue to receive generic ads.
As Necessary to Provide Services to You
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of newsletter mailings, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services.
We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service.
In some instances, these companies may collect information directly from you.
In these cases, you will be notified of the involvement of the external service provider.
In all cases, these companies are subject to agreements that require them to maintain the confidentiality of your information and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
In the Event of Sale or Bankruptcy
The ownership of the Site may change at some point in the future.
Should that occur, we want this site to be able to maintain a relationship with you.
In the event of a sale, merger, public offering, bankruptcy or other change in control of Forbes, your information may be shared with the person or business that owns or controls this site.
Opting out of receiving information from third parties will not affect our right to transfer your information to a new owner, but your choices will continue to be respected regarding the use of your information.
You will be notified as described below in "How will I know if the Privacy Statement is changed." 
As Required By Law
Forbes may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law such as to comply with a subpoena or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the edicts of the law, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on Forbes or to protect and defend the rights or property of Forbes.
Notice to EU Individuals: As outlined in this Privacy Statement, Forbes will not process your user information without a lawful basis to do so, as such bases are defined in Article 6 of the GDPR.&nbsp.
In general, Forbes will process your user information on the legal bases of consent, contract (if you have entered into an agreement with us and such processing is a necessary part thereof), or legal obligation (as noted above).&nbsp.
Forbes may also process certain user information on the basis of the following legitimate interests, provided that such interests are not overridden by your privacy rights and interests: delivering and continuing to develop and improve the Site, learning from your behavior on the Site (e.g., analyzing traffic) to better serve you and other Site users, helping us modify or enhance the Site and its content, receiving insight as to what users do (and don’t) like about our Site or aspects thereof, and providing a stable, consistent, and secure user experience in connection with the Site.
Control of Your Information

Section Overview: You have a variety of rights regarding the use and control of your user information.
Upon request, Forbes will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your user information.
Registered users may change the information stored in their member profile such as image, name, password, location, country and the topics and contributors they are following at any time by visiting their member profile page at https://blogs.forbes.com/account/.
All users may elect to stop receiving marketing material from Forbes or on behalf of external third party business partners by following instructions at the end of any such e-mail received.&nbsp.
Your rights and controls with respect to the user information that may be collected, used, or shared in connection with cookies are outlined above.

You may request to delete or modify your personal account and/or any user information you may have voluntarily submitted to us (e.g., information that you provide to register for a Forbes event) if you wish to do so.
You may also ask to opt-out of marketing communications.&nbsp.
In addition, you may request to have user information maintained by Forbes returned to you.&nbsp.
To make any such request, please email us as outlined below from the email address associated with your account.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days.

You can modify your cookie preferences by following the procedure outlined in the Cookie section of the Privacy Statement above.
Of course, if you have any questions, please contact us as outlined below.&nbsp;
We will retain your user information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Site, unless you have revoked your consent or requested to delete certain user information, and may retain certain user information for specific legitimate interests relating to core Site functionalities (e.g., fraud-prevention.
account recovery).
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

California Residents Only: If you are a California resident, you are entitled to request notice of certain information about the user information that we may share with third parties for marketing purposes (e.g., the categories of user information shared, and contact information of applicable third parties).&nbsp.
If you would like to receive such notice, please mail your written request to Forbes at the physical address below and title your request as follows or in a similar manner: "California Civil Code 1798.83/84 Request".
Security

Section Overview: We care about the protection of your user information and use industry standard safeguards to do so.&nbsp.
Of course, it’s important to keep in mind that no data transmission on the Internet is guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Your information is stored on Forbes servers located in the United States.
We use industry standard physical, electronic, and organizational safeguards to protect your user information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy.
We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access.
We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company.
However, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet.&nbsp.
If you are concerned that your privacy may have been breached, please contact us as provided below.

Privacy of Children

Section Overview:  The Site is intended for people who are at least 16 years of age.&nbsp.

If you are less than 16 years old, please do not send any user information to us--including information such as your name, address, or e-mail address.
We do not knowingly collect (nor do we wish to collect) any personally identifiable information or other user information from children under the age of 16.
&nbsp;In the event that we learn we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 16, we will delete that information from our database and terminate the corresponding account, if any.&nbsp.
We encourage you to discuss the Site with your parent or guardian.
Cross-border Transfers

Section Overview: Your user information may be transferred to other countries in connection with your use of the Site.&nbsp.
If you access or use the Site outside of the United States, your user information will be transferred to our servers in the United States.&nbsp;

Forbes participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework.
Forbes is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, the United Kingdom and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework's applicable Principles.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S.
Department of Commerce's Privacy Shield List at https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.
Forbes is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.
Forbes complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, the United Kingdom and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, Forbes is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission.
In certain situations, Forbes may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.&nbsp.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
How to Contact Us

Section Overview: Please contact us if you have any questions or requests.&nbsp;
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or how to remove or modify your user information or related consents, please feel free to contact us by e-mail at privacy@forbes.com or the mailing address below.
Our mailing address is Forbes Media LLC, Privacy Team – Customer Service, 499 Washington Blvd., 9th Floor, Jersey City, NJ 07310.
How Will I Know if the Privacy Statement Is Changed?If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Note on Translated Version(s): For your convenience, Forbes may make translated versions of this Privacy Statement available on the Site.&nbsp.
In the event that the terms of any such translated version conflict with the terms of the English version, the terms of the English version of this Privacy Statement will control in all instances.


