 Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Last Reviewed: December 18, 2019 Genius PRIVACY POLICY Genius Media Group, Inc.
(“Genius,” “we” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you or associated with you is collected, used and disclosed by Genius Media Group, Inc., which owns and operates Genius services.
This Privacy Policy applies to the services, features, content, and applications offered by Genius, including without limitation, at genius.com (the “Website”) (such services, together with the Website, the “Service”).
For more information about our Service, please visit our About Genius page.
Any capitalized terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in our Terms of Service available at: https://genius.com/static/terms, which is incorporated by this reference.
This Privacy Policy outlines our handling practices and how we collect and use the Personal Data you provide during your interactions with us and our Services.
As used in this Privacy Policy, “Personal Data” means any information that can be used to individually identify a person or that is related to a natural person, under applicable data privacy laws, rules, or regulations.
This information may include, but is not limited to, name, email address, postal or other physical address, credit or debit card number, title, and other personally identifiable information.
This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of companies we do not own or control or people we do not manage.
If you are located in the European Union (“EU”), United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway, Iceland or Switzerland, or certain US states, you may have additional rights with respect to your Personal Data, as further outlined below.
If you have any questions about whether any of the foregoing applies to you, please contact us using the information set forth in the “Contacting Us” section below.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, for reasons such as operational practices or regulatory changes.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will bring them to your attention by changing the Effective Date, posting the updated Privacy Policy on this page, sending you an email, and/or by some other means.
Each time you use the Service or provide us with information, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy as applicable at that time.

DATA WE COLLECT
SOURCES OF PERSONAL DATA
PROCESSING GROUNDS
SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR DATA
SECURITY AND STORAGE OF DATA
TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
CONTACTING US
 1.
DATA WE COLLECT 
What Personal Data Do We Collect From You? We collect Personal Data about you when you provide such information directly to us, when third parties such as our business partners or service providers (including, but not limited to, social networks and analytics services) provide us with Personal Data about you, or when Personal Data about you is automatically collected in connection with your use of our Service.
We also receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services related to how you interact with our websites, applications, products, services, advertisements or communications.
In some cases, we combine non-Personal Data about you with Personal Data we have about you.
The following chart details the categories of Personal Data that we collect and have collected over the past twelve (12) months.
Throughout this Privacy Policy, we will refer back to the categories of Personal Data listed in this chart. Category of Personal Data: Personal Identifiers Source: You/Third Parties (e.g Facebook or Twitter) Personal Data Collected: 
Contact Information: email address, account username, password, and gender.
Social media account information: full name, social media profile information, Twitter accounts you follow, your Twitter email address and association to an existing Genius account, your Twitter username, your Twitter verified status, other social media profile information, and your Genius IQ points.
Language
Country
Photos: avatar you choose to represent yourself (which may or may not be a photo of you) or social media profile picture.
Date of birth and age range: if you choose to provide this information in your social media profile.
Other information you provide to us: information you provide in correspondence with us, information you provide in your profile, information you provide when taking part in interactive features (i.e.
contests, quizzes, and surveys), and personal narrative.
 Category of Personal Data: Internet or other similar network activity information Source: You/Third Parties Personal Data Collected: 
Device identifiers: unique identification numbers associated with your device, other device information (including information about your mobile device), browser type, and the identity of your internet service provider.
Internet activity on our Services: pages you view, links you click, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, web requests, referring/exit pages and URLs, number and duration of page views, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, login counts, login timestamps, domains names, landing pages, use of third party applications, online usage patterns, and other actions you take on the Service.
Use of our services: friends list, information about the pages, artists, or works upon which you have commented, and “favorites” such as artists, songs and lines, transaction page information.
Social media account information: We receive certain information related to your Twitter account, such as profile and account information and Twitter accounts you follow, though we do not currently use such information.

The following sections provide additional information about how we collect your Personal Data.

2.
SOURCES OF PERSONAL DATA 
You Directly:


We receive Personal Data directly from you when you provide us with such Personal Data, including without limitation the following:


Registration: You can browse our Website without providing Personal Data, but you must create an account in order to access some of the features of our Website.
If you take part in any interactive features of the Service (such as any contests, games, promotions, quizzes, surveys, research or other services or features), you may provide us with additional types of Personal Data.
We also collect information from you if you correspond with us directly.

Profile Information: After you set up your account, you can also choose to provide additional information which is shared through public profiles.
Note that information you provide in your profile will be publicly available.
If you do not wish to have information in your public profile, please do not add it.

User Content: We collect User Content you provide on the Website, and we display it publicly on your user profile.
Other users can post to a wall in this profile, where the public can view references to your comments you have made on the Website.
User Content will include Personal Data if you provide Personal Data in your User Content.

Some Personal Data is automatically collected when you use our Service, such as the following:


Cookies: When you visit the Service, we send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Website.
A cookie can convey information to us about how you use the Service and allow us to track your usage of the Service over time.
Cookies can either be “session cookies” or “persistent cookies”.
Session cookies are temporary cookies that are stored on your device while you are visiting our Website or using our Service, whereas “persistent cookies” are stored on your device for a period of time after you leave our Website or Service.
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through your internet browser’s settings.
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allow you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer.
If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some Services and functionalities may not work.
We’ve provided a quick summary of some of the cookie types we and our service providers use on the Service, but for more information about cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ or http://www.aboutcookies.org.uk/.


Essential Cookies: Essential cookies are required for providing you with features or services that you have requested.
For example, certain cookies enable you to log into secure areas of our Website or use a shopping cart feature within our Service.
Disabling these cookies will make certain features and services unavailable.

Functional Cookies: Functional cookies are used to record your choices and settings regarding our Service, maintain your preferences over time and recognize you when you return to our Service.
These cookies help us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences.

Performance/Analytical Cookies: Performance/analytical cookies allow us to understand how visitors use our Website and Service and help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our campaigns and the Service’s content for those who engage with our advertising.

Retargeting/Advertising Cookies: Retargeting/advertising cookies collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that we believe is relevant to you.


Log Information and Mobile Identifiers: We collect log file information from your browser or mobile device each time you access the Service.
When you access our Website through a mobile device, we receive or collect and store device information.

Tracking Pixels: We employ tracking pixels (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our Users.
In addition, we also use tracking pixels in some HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients.
The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.

Analytics Data: We collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service.
These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, your use of third party applications, and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the Service.

Comments: When a user posts an anonymous comment on the Service while not logged into his or her account, we collect Personal Data associated with the comment including the user’s email and IP address.



Third Party Sources:


Some third parties, such as our business partners and service providers, provide us with Personal Data about you, such as the following:


Social Network Sites: If you choose to connect your social media account(s), such as Facebook or Twitter, to your user profile on the Service, we display some information from your social media sites on our Service, and such information can include Personal Data.
When you interact with our Website or Service through social media platforms, including Facebook, Google, Spotify, or Twitter, such as when you login with or link to your social media account, “Like” us on Facebook or share content through a social media site, we receive information from the social network.
The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network.
You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our Website or Service.

Analytics and Advertising: We use third-party service providers to provide site metrics and other analytics services.
These third parties provide us with information regarding your behavior on our Service.

Social Media Widgets: Some parts of our Service may include social media features, such as the Facebook “like” button, and widgets, such as the “share this” button.
These social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Service.
When you use these tools, the party that provides the tool, the third party that operates the social media services, and/or we may receive Personal Data about you.
By using these tools, you acknowledge that some information, including Personal Data, from your social media services will be transmitted to us, and that information is therefore covered by this Privacy Policy, and some information, including Personal Data, may be shared with the third party services, and that information is therefore governed by their privacy policies.



How Do We Use Your Personal Data?


We process Personal Data to operate, improve, understand and personalize our Service.
For example, we use Personal Data to:

Operate, maintain and provide our features and services on the Service;
Create and manage user accounts;
Verify the identity of users;
Contact you about Service announcements, updates or offers, and send transactional emails related to the Service;
Respond to user inquiries;
Provide support and assistance for the Service;
Personalize content and communications based on your preferences;
Maintain interoperability with third party services, such as Spotify;
Conduct online behavioral advertising;
Remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website;
Customize your user experience;
Provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service;
Prevent spam or fraudulent or abusive activity on the Service;
Serve relevant advertisements;
Monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our website and our Service;
Diagnose or fix technology problems;
Otherwise to plan for, improve and enhance our Service;
Meet contract or legal obligations;
Complete corporate transactions such as mergers and acquisitions.
and
For any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data, or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).



Online Behavioral Advertising: Some of our advertising (“Behavioral Advertising”) involves using tracking tools such as cookies, pixel tags, and web beacons, to collect information about a user’s online activities (over time and across non-affiliated websites and applications) and providing ads to the user based the user’s interests (as inferred from the user’s online activity) or use of our Service.
Behavioral Advertising may appear on our Service or on other websites or services.
Information used for Behavioral Advertising may be provided to us by you, or derived from the usage patterns of particular users on the Service and/or services of third parties.
We work with third parties to provide Behavioral Advertising, such as advertising networks, data exchanges, traffic measurement service providers, marketing analytics service providers, and other third-party service providers (collectively, “Advertising Service Providers”).
Advertising Service Providers perform services such as facilitating targeting of advertisements and measuring and analyzing advertising effectiveness on the Service (collectively, all such services, “Targeting Services”).
Targeting Services help us display Behavioral Advertising, prevent you from seeing repeated ads, and enable us to research the usefulness of ads.

We adhere to self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising issued by the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (“EDAA”) (collectively, the “OBA Principles”).
More information about the OBA Principles can be found at http://digitaladvertisingalliance.org/principles and http://www.edaa.eu/european-principles/ and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
You have the option to opt out of Behavioral Advertising.
For more information, see the section below titled “Your Choices Regarding Your Data.”
 3.
PROCESSING GROUNDS Genius will be the controller of your Personal Data that is provided, collected, and/or processed pursuant to this Privacy Policy.
We will only process your Personal Data if we have a lawful basis for doing so.
Lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity, and our “legitimate business interests” or the legitimate business interest of others, as further described below.

Contractual Necessity: We process some Personal Data as a matter of “contractual necessity”, meaning that we need to process the data to perform under our Terms of Service with you, which enables us to provide you with the Service.
When we process data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such Personal Data will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the Service that require such data.

Legitimate Business Interest: We process Personal Data for certain purposes when we believe it furthers the legitimate business interest of us or others (e.g.
our users).
Examples of these legitimate business interests include:


Operation and improvement of our business and Service
Marketing of our Service
Serving relevant advertisements
Provision of customer support
Protection from fraud or security threats
Spam prevention
Compliance with legal obligations
Completion of corporate transactions and provision of our Service after such transactions 


Consent: In some cases, we process Personal Data based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data.
When we process Personal Data based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection.

Other Processing Grounds: From time to time we may also need to process Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest.

We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. 4.
SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES 
How and With Whom Do We Share Your Data?

We share your Personal Data in the instances described in this Privacy Policy.
We also share information with others in an aggregated and anonymous form that does not reasonably identify you directly as an individual.
For further information on your choices regarding your information, see the “Your Choices Regarding Your Data” section below.

Remember, our Service allows you to connect with others and share information about yourself with other individuals.
Your profile information, including your user name, avatar, and personal narrative, and comments you make on the Website, will be available publicly to other members of the Service by default and in some cases will be searchable by search engines which can display your information publicly.

Similarly, your name and avatar will be displayed alongside any comments you make on the Website and will be displayed on our homepage alongside your IQ if you make The Weekly IQ Leaderboard, on our Contributors list, or in connection with your comments and reactions to our blog and to other contributors.
By using the Service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree that your profile information will be displayed publicly.

Disclosures of Personal Data for a Business Purpose


Business Purposes: We share Personal Data with vendors, third party service providers, and agents who work on our behalf and provide us with services related to the purposes described in this Privacy Policy for the following business purposes:

Auditing related to a current interaction and concurrent transactions, including but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards.
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Short-term, transient use of Personal Data that is not used by another party to build a consumer profile or otherwise alter your consumer experience outside the current interaction.
Performing services on our behalf, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, providing cloud storage or hosting services, processing payments, providing email delivery, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that we own, manufacture, was manufactured for us, or control.


Disclosures in the Past Twelve (12) Months: Over the past twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of your Personal Data to service providers or other parties for the business purposes listed above:

Personal identifiers.
Internet or other similar network activity information.


Service providers: We share Personal Data with these third parties as needed to perform services for us and under reasonable confidentiality terms.
We disclose your Personal Data to the following categories of service providers and other parties:



Service providers, including:

Fraud prevention and spam service providers;
Ad networks and exchanges;
Analytics service providers;
Hosting and other technology communications providers;
Monitoring service providers;
Data management platforms;
Security service providers;
Payment processors;
Business partners who offer services to you jointly with us, for example, when running a co-sponsored contest or promotion.
and
Other third parties who we think can offer you products or services you would enjoy.

Parties who acquire your Personal Data through an acquisition or other change of control.

Personal Data may be transferred to a third party if we undergo a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction in which that third party assumes control of our business (in whole or in part).

Other parties at your direction.

Other users (where you post information publicly).
Social media services (if you intentionally interact with them through your use of the Service).
Third-party business partners who you access through the Service.
Other parties authorized by you.



Other Disclosures: We also share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to:

Satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoena/court order, legal process or other government request;
Enforce our Terms of Service, including the investigation of potential violations thereof;
Investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations;
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Genius, its users or the public as required or permitted by law;
Detect, prevent or otherwise address criminal (including fraud or stalking) security or technical issues.
and
Maintain the security of our Service.


Company Transactions: We would share Personal Data with third parties in connection with any company transaction, such as a merger, sale of company assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company or third party or in the event of bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings.
For example, if we choose to buy or sell assets, user information is typically one of the transferred business assets.
Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party, and we would share Personal Data with the party that is acquiring our assets.
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Data as set forth in this policy.

Online Merchant Store: Our online merchant store is currently hosted by Shopify Inc.
(“Shopify”) and Teespring, Inc.
(“Teespring”).
Shopify and Teespring provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell certain merchandise to you.
When you provide Personal Data in connection with a purchase on or through the Service, such Personal Data is stored through Shopify’s and Teespring’s data storage, databases, and the general Shopify and Teespring applications.
Shopify and Teespring may transfer, process or store your data outside of the United States and such data may be subject to disclosure as required by applicable law.
For more information, you can read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy) and Teespring’s Terms of Service (https://teespring.com/policies/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://teespring.com/policies/privacy).

Sales of Personal Data

In this section, we use the term “sell” (and variations of the term, such as “sold”) as it is defined in the CCPA.
We sell your Personal Data, subject to your right to opt-out of these sales to the following parties (see the “Your Rights” section below for information about how to opt-out).
We sell your Personal Data to the following categories of third parties:

Advertisers.

Over the past twelve months, we have sold the following categories of your Personal Data to third parties:

Personal identifiers.
Internet or other similar network activity information.
 5.
YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR DATA You may have additional rights regarding your Personal Data, including depending on where you are located.
These rights may include rights under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), if you are located in the EU, United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway or Iceland or under applicable U.S.
state privacy laws, such as the CCPA.
Marketing Communications: If you do not want to receive promotional emails from us, you can click the “unsubscribe” button on the promotional email communications or email us at privacy@genius.com with the subject “Marketing Opt-Out”.
Note that you will not be able to unsubscribe or opt-out of non-promotional messages regarding your account, such as account verification, password reminders, changes or updates to features of the Service, or technical and security notices.
We share your Personal Data, such as email address and user name, with some third parties for their marketing purposes if we determine they have products or services which may be of interest to you.
If you wish to have your user name and email address excluded from any such sharing with partners, please email privacy@genius.com with the subject “Marketing Opt-Out.” If you have any questions about this opt-out or our marketing practices, please email us at privacy@genius.com.

Behavioral Advertising and Tracking Tools: You can opt-out of certain Behavioral Advertising activities by doing one or more of the following.
Please note that you will need to opt-out of each browser and device for which you desire to apply these opt-out features.


Service Provider Opt Out: You can opt-out directly from some Advertising Service Providers and providers of Tracking Tools by using their opt-out tools.
Some of these service providers, and links to their opt-out tools, are:

Google Analytics: with a privacy policy at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ and opt out at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.


Industry Opt Out Tools: Some Advertising Service Providers or providers of Tracking Tools may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative's (NAI) Opt-Out Tool (http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Consumer Choice Page (http://www.aboutads.info/choices/), and you can opt-out of certain services and learn more about your choices by visiting the links included here.
Users in the EU can visit http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ for more information about your choices and to opt out of participating service providers.

Web Browser Controls: You can prevent the use of certain Tracking Tools, such as cookies, on a device-by-device basis using the controls in your web browser.
These controls can be found in the Tools &gt.
Internet Options (or similar) menu for your browser, or as otherwise directed by your browser’s support feature.
Through your web browser, you may be able to:

Delete existing Tracking Tools
Disable future Tracking Tools
Set your browser to provide you with a warning each time a cookie or certain other Tracking Tools are being set


Mobile Opt Out: Your mobile devices may offer settings that enable you to make choices about the collection, use, or transfer of mobile app information for Behavioral Advertising.
You may also opt-out of certain Tracking Tools on mobile devices by installing the DAA’s AppChoice app on your mobile device (for iTunes, visit https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/appchoices/id894822870?mt=8, for Android, visit https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.DAA.appchoices&amp;hl=en).
For more information, please visit http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4228, https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en or http://www.applicationprivacy.org/expressing-your-behavioral-advertising-choices-on-a-mobile-device, as applicable.

Do Not Track: Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites.
The Service does not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online activity both while you are using the Service and after you leave our Service.
We collect certain persistent identifiers from your browser or mobile device to assist us with providing and improving the Service.
Because we collect browsing and persistent identifier data (only for analytic and internal purposes), your selection of the “Do Not Track” option provided by your mobile browser will not have any effect on our collection of analytics information or the collection of a persistent identifier.

Please note the following with respect to opting out of Behavioral Advertising:

Some opt-out features are cookie-based, meaning that when you use these opt-out features, an “opt-out” cookie will be placed on your computer or other device indicating that you do not want to receive Behavioral Advertising from certain companies.
If you delete your cookies, use a different browser, or use a different device, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.
Opting-out of Behavioral Advertising does not mean that you will no longer receive online ads.
It only means that such ads will no longer be tailored to your specific viewing habits or interests.
You may continue to see ads on and about the Service.

For more information about these rights please see refer to the “Your Privacy Rights” section below. 6.
SECURITY AND STORAGE OF DATA 
Security: Genius cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect.
For example, Genius uses industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of Personal Data you provide to us.
You should help protect your data by appropriately selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism.
limiting access to your computer or device and browser.
and signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.

Data Retention: We retain Personal Data about you for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection, whether or not you have an account with us.
For instance, we may retain your Personal Data for as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you the Service, and for a reasonable period of time afterward.
In some cases we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to pursue our legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, enforce our agreements, or as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation.
Afterwards, we retain some information in a depersonalized or aggregated form but not in a way that would identify you personally.
If you wish to change or delete your profile and Personal Data, you can contact us at privacy@genius.com, and we will amend or delete your Personal Data within a reasonable time after your request, if feasible, or if you reside in the EU, as set forth in Section 8 below.
Because of the crowd-sourced and collaborative nature of our service, however, we will not be able to delete content you post to public areas of our site.
We may be able to anonymize your information such that you will no longer be reasonably identifiable. 7.
TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA The Service is hosted and operated in the United States (“U.S.”) through Genius and its service providers, and if you are not located in the U.S., laws in the U.S.
may differ from the laws where you are located.
By using the Service, you acknowledge that any Personal Data about you, regardless of whether provided by you or obtained from a third party, is being provided to Genius in the U.S.
and will be hosted on U.S.
servers, and you authorize Genius to transfer, store and process your information to and in the U.S., and possibly other countries.
You hereby consent to the transfer of your data to the U.S.
pursuant to EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, the details of which are further set forth below.
Genius has been certified to the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection and use of Personal Data transferred from the EU.
For more information about the Privacy Shield Program, and to view Genius’s certification, please visit www.privacyshield.gov.
Genius is committed to the Privacy Shield Principles of (1) notice, (2) consent, (3) accountability for onward transfer, (4) security, (5) data integrity and purpose limitation, (6) access and (7) recourse, enforcement and liability, with respect to all Personal Data received from within the EU in reliance on the Privacy Shield.
The Privacy Shield Principles require that we remain potentially liable if any third party processing Personal Data on our behalf fails to comply with these Privacy Shield Principles (except to the extent we are not responsible for the event giving rise to any alleged damage).
Genius’s compliance with the Privacy Shield is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission.
Please contact us at gdpr@genius.com with any questions or concerns relating to our Privacy Shield Certification.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your Privacy Shield-related complaint from us, or if we have not resolved your complaint, you can also resolve a Privacy Shield-related complaint through JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States.
You can visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information or to file a complaint, at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, you can also be entitled to invoke binding arbitration for complaints not resolved by other means. 8.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY As noted in the Terms of Service (https://genius.com/static/terms), we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 (or if you are in the EU, we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16).
If you are under 13 (or under 16 in the EU), please do not attempt to register for the Service or send any Personal Data about yourself to us.
If we learn that we have collected Personal Data from a child under age 13 (or under age 16 in the EU), we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that a child under 13 (or under 16 in the EU) may have provided us Personal Data, please contact us at privacy@genius.com.
Please contact us at privacy@genius.com if you have any questions about children's privacy. 9.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES The Service, from time to time, contains links to and from third party websites of our partner networks, advertisers, partner merchants and retailers.
If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies.
Please check the individual policies before you submit any information to those websites. 10.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS NEVADA RESIDENT RIGHTS
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain Personal Data to third parties who intend to license or sell that personal data.
You can exercise this right by contacting us at privacy@genius.com with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request.” Please include your full name (first and last), email address, and username (if you have one).
Please note that we do not currently sell your Personal Data as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENT RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, you have the rights outlined in this section.
Please see the “Exercising Your Rights” section below for instructions regarding how to exercise these rights.
If there are any conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy and you are a California resident, the portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict.
If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following applies to you, please write to us at the following address:
 Genius Media Group, Inc. 92 Third Street Brooklyn, NY 11231 
Alternatively, you can send us an email at privacy@genius.com with the words “California Privacy Rights” in the subject line.

Disclosures for Marketing: Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, Genius users who are residents of California may request certain information about our disclosure of Personal Data during the prior calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.

Access: You have the right to request certain information about our collection and use of your Personal Data over the past 12 months.
We will provide you with the following information:

The categories of Personal Data that we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which that Personal Data was collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your Personal Data.
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Data.
The specific pieces of Personal Data that we have collected about you.


Disclosures for Business Purposes: If we have disclosed your Personal Data for a business purpose over the past 12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data shared with each category of third party recipient.
If we have sold your Personal Data over the past 12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data purchased by each category of third party recipient.

Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Data that we have collected from you.
Under the CCPA, this right is subject to certain exceptions: for example, we may need to retain your Personal Data to provide you with the Services or complete a transaction or other action you have requested.
If your deletion request is subject to one of these exceptions, we may deny your deletion request.

Exercising Your Rights: To exercise the rights described above, you must send us a request that (1) provides sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a “Valid Request.” We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria.
We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request.
You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 45 days of receipt.
We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.
If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request using the following methods:

Emailing us at: ccpa@genius.com
Submitting a form here: CCPA Form


Personal Data Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Data.
To do so, click the following link: Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Once you have submitted an opt-out request, we will not ask you to reauthorize the sale of your Personal Data for at least 12 months.
However, you may change your mind and opt back in to Personal Data sales at any time by clicking the following link: Opt-In.
If you are between 13 and 16 years of age, you must authorize us to sell your Personal Data, which you may do by clicking the Opt-In link above.
If you are under 13 years of age, your parent or guardian must authorize us to sell your Personal Data, which your parent or guardian may do by clicking the Opt-In link above.

We Will Not Discriminate Against You for Enforcing Your Rights Under the CCPA: We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
However, we may have different tiers of Services as allowed by applicable data protection laws (including the CCPA) with varying levels of quality of the goods or services you receive related to the value of Personal Data that we receive from you.
EUROPEAN UNION RESIDENT RIGHTS
If you are located in the EU, the United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway, or Iceland, and use or access the Service, you may have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below.
For more information about these rights, or to submit a request, please email gdpr@genius.com.
Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision.
In some cases, we may also need to you to provide us with additional information, which may include Personal Data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request.


Access: You can request more information about the Personal Data we hold about you and request a copy of such Personal Data.
You can also access certain of your Personal Data by logging into your account.

Rectification: If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data.
You can also correct some of this information directly by logging into your account.
Please contact us as soon as possible upon noticing any such inaccuracy or incompleteness.

Erasure: You can request that we erase some or all of your Personal Data from our systems.
Withdrawal of Consent: If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your Personal Data, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our Service.

Portability: You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format.
You can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible.

Objection: You can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use or disclosure of your Personal Data for certain purposes.

Restriction of Processing: You can ask us to restrict further processing of your Personal Data.

Right to File Complaint: You have the right to lodge a complaint about Genius’s practices with respect to your Personal Data with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State. 11.
CONTACTING US To address your individual rights or if you have any privacy-related questions or comments related to this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the following information:

Name: Genius Media Group, Inc
Address: 92 Third Street Brooklyn, NY 11231
Email: privacy@genius.com 

Designated EU representative and contact information: Taylor Wessing Partnerschaftsgesellschaft mbB
Address: DP-Dock GmbH Ballindamm 39 20095 Hamburg, Germany
Email: genius@gdpr-rep.com 
  Genius TERMS OF SERVICE 
Last Updated: June 24, 2020 

Welcome to the services operated by Genius Media Group, Inc ("Genius," "we," "us" or "our"), consisting of the website available at genius.com, the Genius Live website available at live.genius.com ("Genius Live") and the other online and/or mobile services, websites and software provided by Genius (collectively the "Service").
By accessing or using the Service, you ("you" or "your"), signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Genius Terms of Service (as amended from time to time, "Terms") and to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information as set forth in our Privacy Policy, as modified from time to time and which is incorporated by reference herein.
These Terms apply to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service ("Users").
If you are a United States Federal Agency, this Amendment is applied to the Terms of Service.
We provide the Service for your use subject to the Terms.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change or modify portions of these Terms at any time.
If we modify these Terms, we will post a notice at the top of our Service for a period of seven (7) days.
Your continued use of the Service constitutes your acknowledgement of, acceptance of, and agreement to the revised Terms.
You agree to periodically visit this page to review the current Terms so you are aware of any revision to which you are bound.
We will indicate at the top of this page the date these terms were last revised.
If you do not agree to abide by these or any future Terms, do not use or access (or continue to use or access) the Service.

Additional terms and conditions may apply to certain components or features of or provided via the Service (including Genius Live), and you agree that you shall be subject to any such terms that may be posted via the Service or otherwise made available to you from time to time.
All such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms.

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY TO ENSURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND EACH PROVISION.
THESE TERMS CONTAIN A MANDATORY INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION/JURY TRIAL WAIVER PROVISION THAT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS.
THE SERVICE MAY CONTAIN CONTENT THAT IS INACCURATE, OBJECTIONABLE, INAPPROPRIATE FOR CHILDREN, OR OTHERWISE UNSUITED TO YOUR PURPOSE, AND YOU AGREE THAT GENIUS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES YOU ALLEGE IN INCUR AS A RESULT OF ANY EXPOSURE TO SUCH CONTENT.
YOU USE THE SERVICE AT YOUR OWN RISK.


Eligibility


This Service is intended solely for users who are 13 years of age or older.
Any registration by, use of or access to the Service by anyone under 13 is unauthorized and in violation of these Terms.
By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you are 13 years of age or older.
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) requires that online service providers obtain parental consent before they knowingly collect Personal Data online from children who are under 13.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from children under 13.
if you are a child under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Service or send any Personal Data about yourself to us.
If we learn we have collected Personal Data from a child under 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us Personal Data, please contact us at privacy@genius.com.
Please note that if you are located in the European Union, we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from children under 16, so if you are a child under 16 and you are located in the European Union, you should not attempt to register for the Service or send us any Personal Data.


Access and Use of the Service


Genius provides the Service as, among other things, a forum for commentary on music lyrics and other creative works, analysis of the meaning and implications of those lyrics and creative works and exploration of themes spanning various artists, genres and mediums.
We welcome your participation in this exegesis subject to these Terms.
Registration may not be required to view content on the Service, but even unregistered Users are bound by these Terms.
Subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, freely revocable license to use the Service as permitted by the features of the Service.
Genius reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Service and the Genius Content (as defined below).
Genius may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason.

Your Registration Obligations: Your Genius account gives you access to the services and functionality that we may establish and maintain from time to time and in our sole discretion.
We may maintain different types of accounts for different types of Users.
If you open a Genius account on behalf of a company, organization, school, or other entity, then (i) "you" includes you and that entity, and (ii) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the entity with the authority to bind the entity to this Agreement, and that you agree to this Agreement on the entity's behalf.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if you are a teacher or other representative of a school and/or district, you represent and warrant that you have permission from your school and/or district to enter into these Terms and to use the Service as part of your curriculum.
If you choose to register for an account, you agree to provide and maintain true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by our registration form.
The information you submit to us when you register ("Registration Data") and certain other information about you are governed by our Privacy Policy as well as these Terms, as discussed above.
By using the Service you consent to having Registration Data and other data you submit transferred to and processed within the United States.


Member Account, Password and Security: You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, if any, and are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your password or account.
You agree to (a) immediately notify Genius of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session when accessing the Service.
Genius will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section.

Modifications to Service:  Genius reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) or any User account with or without notice.
You agree that Genius shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.

General Practices Regarding Use and Storage: You acknowledge that Genius may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Service, including without limitation the maximum period of time that data or other content will be retained by Genius and the maximum storage space that will be allotted on Genius' servers on your behalf.
You agree that Genius has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any data or other content maintained or transmitted by or through Genius, including without limitation, User Content (as defined below).
You acknowledge that Genius reserves the right to terminate accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time.
You further acknowledge that Genius reserves the right to change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice.


Conditions of Use and User Content


You agree to use the Service only in compliance with these Terms:

User Content:  You are solely responsible for all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, annotations, or other content, information, and materials ("User Content") that you upload, post, publish or display (hereinafter, "post") or email or otherwise transmit or use via the Service, including without limitation (i) Registration Data, (ii) the information you include in your profile, which may include your handle or profile page for third party accounts like Facebook and Twitter and your photo, (iii) your comments on the Service(provided that the composition of any such summaries shall be created by and owned by Genius), and (iv) any lyrics, bodies of text, or graphics you post to the Service.
You represent and warrant that the User Content and all other content submitted to the Service through your account or otherwise posted, transmitted, or distributed by you on or through the Service will not violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party, including any Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below), privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary rights, and that such User Content shall not contain libelous, defamatory, obscene or otherwise unlawful or inappropriate material.
You agree not to post any User Content without any permission or consent that may be required in order for you to do so.
For the purposes of these Terms, "Intellectual Property Rights" means all patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, under the laws of any state, country, territory or other jurisdiction.
If you register for an account with us, we will display certain portions of your User Content to other Users, including without limitation your user name and your posts.
You acknowledge and agree that we have no obligation to display any particular item of User Content and may filter the display of User Content in our sole discretion for no reason or for any reason.
GENIUS TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY FOR ANY USER CONTENT THAT YOU OR ANY OTHER USER OR THIRD PARTY POSTS OR SENDS OVER THE SERVICE.
YOU SHALL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR USER CONTENT AND THE CONSEQUENCES OF POSTING OR PUBLISHING IT, AND YOU AGREE THAT WE ARE ONLY ACTING AS A PASSIVE CONDUIT FOR YOUR ONLINE DISTRIBUTION AND PUBLICATION OF YOUR USER CONTENT.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU MAY BE EXPOSED TO USER CONTENT THAT IS INACCURATE, OBJECTIONABLE, INAPPROPRIATE FOR CHILDREN, OR OTHERWISE UNSUITED TO YOUR PURPOSE, AND YOU AGREE THAT GENIUS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES YOU ALLEGE TO INCUR AS A RESULT OF ANY USER CONTENT.

License to User Content: When you post User Content to the Service or otherwise submit it to us, you hereby grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to Genius an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, fully paid, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense through multiple tiers) to use, reproduce, publicly perform, publicly display, modify, translate, excerpt (in whole or in part), create derivative works of, distribute and otherwise fully exploit all Intellectual Property Rights in and to such User Content for purposes of providing, operating and promoting the Service or otherwise conducting the business of Genius.
Subject to the rights granted to us in these Terms, you retain full ownership of your User Content.
provided, however, that Genius owns all right and title in and to the collective content of the Service, including without limitation to the extent your User Content forms a part of any work of authorship presented or displayed on the Service.

User Conduct: The following are examples of the kind of content and/or use that is illegal or prohibited by Genius.
Genius reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in Genius' sole discretion, violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending content from the Service, suspending or terminating the account of such Users and reporting you to the law enforcement authorities.
You agree to not use the Service to engage in any prohibited, illegal, or harmful activity, including without limitation:

posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting any content, information, software, or material, including without limitation, User Content, that: (i) is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, excessively violent, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another‘s privacy, hateful racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable.
(ii) you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships.
(iii) poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person.
(iv) infringes any Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights of any party (including, without limitation, any third party).
(v) constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, commercial activities and/or sales, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," "contests," "sweepstakes," or any other form of solicitation.
(vi) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
or (vii) in the sole judgment of Genius, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Service, or which may expose Genius or its Users to any harm or liability of any type;
impersonating any person or entity, or falsely stating or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity;
soliciting personal information from anyone under the age of 18;
harvesting or collecting, through use of automated scripts or otherwise, the contents of the Service or email addresses, contact information or other private information of other Users from the Service for any purpose, including without limitation for the purposes of sending unsolicited emails or other unsolicited communications to Users or reproducing the content of the Service;
advertising or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose that is not specifically authorized;
interfering with or disrupting the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobeying any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service.
or 
violating any applicable local, state, national or international law, or any regulations having the force of law.

furthering or promoting any criminal activity or enterprise or provide instructional information about illegal activities.
or
obtaining or attempting to access or otherwise obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided through the Service.



Fees: You acknowledge that Genius reserves the right to charge for any portion of the Service and to change its fees (if any) from time to time in its discretion.
In addition, third parties that utilize the Service (e.g., artists performing via live.genius.com) may charge for certain services, goods, activities or benefits provided by them via the Service.
You agree to pay all fees when due in accordance with the terms set forth on the Service or otherwise made available to you by Genius.


Special Notice for International Use.
Export Controls:  Software available in connection with the Service, if any, and the transmission of applicable data, if any, is subject to United States export controls.
No software may be downloaded from the Service or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of U.S.
export laws.
Downloading or using any available software is at your sole risk.
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules and laws regarding your use of the Service and any software, including as it concerns online conduct and acceptable content.


U.S.
Government-restricted Rights:  If the Service (or any portion thereof) is licensed to the United States government or any agency thereof, then the Service will be deemed to be "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation," respectively, pursuant to DFARS Section 227.7202 and FAR Section 12.212, as applicable.
Any use, reproduction, release, performance, display or disclosure of the Service and any accompanying documentation by the U.S.
Government will be governed solely by these Terms and is prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by these Terms.

Commercial Use:  Unless otherwise expressly authorized herein or by Genius' express written consent, you agree not to display, distribute, license, perform, publish, reproduce, duplicate, copy, create derivative works from, modify, sell, resell, exploit, transfer or transmit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service.
The Service is for your personal use and may not be used for direct commercial endeavors without the express written consent of Genius.


Intellectual Property Rights



Genius Content: Except for your User Content, the Service and all materials therein or transferred thereby, including, without limitation, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, music, and User Content belonging to other Users (the "Genius Content"), and all Intellectual Property Rights related thereto, are the exclusive property of Genius and its licensors (including other Users who post User Content to the Service).
Except as explicitly provided herein, nothing in these Terms shall be deemed to create a license in or under any such Intellectual Property Rights, and you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from any Genius Content.
Use of the Genius Content for any purpose not expressly permitted by these Terms is strictly prohibited.

Except as expressly authorized by Genius in writing, you agree not to modify, copy, frame, scrape, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service or the Genius Content, in whole or in part, except that the foregoing does not apply to your own User Content (as defined above) that you legally upload to the Service.
In connection with your use of the Service you shall not engage in or use any data mining, robots, scraping or similar data gathering or extraction methods.
Any use of the Service or the Genius Content other than as specifically authorized herein is strictly prohibited.
As between you and Genius, the technology and software underlying the Service or distributed in connection therewith is the exclusive property of Genius, our affiliates and our partners (the "Software").
You agree not to copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, or otherwise transfer any right in the Software.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Genius.

Trademarks:  "Genius" and other Genius graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, scripts and service names (whether or not they appear at any given time on the Service) are the trademarks, trade names or trade dress of Genius in the U.S.
and other countries.
You may not use Genius' trademarks and trade dress, including as part of trademarks and/or as part of domain names, in connection with any product, program, display or service in any manner that is likely to cause confusion or create the impression that Genius endorses any product or service.
You may not reproduce or use Genius' trademarks or trade dress without the prior written permission of Genius.

Product and service names and logos used and displayed via the Service, other than the trademarks of Genius described above, may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners who may or may not endorse or be affiliated with or connected to Genius.
Nothing in these Terms or on the Service should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of trademarks displayed on the Service without our prior written permission in each instance.
All goodwill generated from the use of Genius trademarks will inure to our exclusive benefit.

Third Party Material: Under no circumstances will Genius be liable in any way for any content posted by third parties (including third parties utilizing live.genius.com to present performances or other activities) or at the direction of Users, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any User Content posted, emailed or otherwise transmitted via the Service.
You acknowledge that Genius does not pre-screen any User Content or content provided by any third-party, but that Genius and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or remove any User Content or third-party content that is available via the Service.
Without limiting the foregoing, Genius and its designees shall have the right to remove any User Content or third-party content that violates these Terms or is deemed by Genius, in its sole discretion, to be otherwise objectionable.
You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any content found on the Service, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such content.


Downtime: The Service may be temporarily unavailable from time to time for maintenance or other reasons.
Genius shall have no responsibility for any interruption, delay in operation or transmission, theft or destruction of, unauthorized access to, or alteration of, User communications, User Content, or any other content made available via the Service.
Under no circumstances will Genius be responsible for any personal injury or death resulting from the use of the Service, any User Content or third party content, or any use of products or services provided by Users.

Submissions: In addition to the license grant to User Content set forth above, you acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information relating to the Service ("Submissions"), provided by you to Genius are non-confidential and Genius shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.

You acknowledge and agree that Genius may preserve and store User Content and other content for any period of time and may also disclose User Content and other information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process, applicable laws or government requests.
(b) enforce these Terms.
(c) respond to claims that any content (including your User Content) violates the rights of third parties.
or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Genius, its users and the public.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your User Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks.
and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.

Copyright Complaints: Genius respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our Users to do the same.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, you should notify Genius of your infringement claim in accordance with the procedure below.
As set forth in our Copyright Policy, Genius will process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable intellectual property laws with respect to any alleged or actual infringement.
A notification of claimed copyright infringement should be emailed to Genius' DMCA Agent at dmca@genius.com (Subject line: "DMCA Takedown Request").
You may also contact us by mail at:
Genius 92 Third Street Brooklyn NY 11231
To be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information: 

an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest.

a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed.

a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site or Service, with enough detail that we may find it on the Service.

your address, telephone number, and email address.

a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law.

a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner‘s behalf.


Counter-Notice: If you believe that your User Content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the content in your User Content, you may send a written counter-notice containing the following information to the Copyright Agent: 

your physical or electronic signature.

identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled.

a statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content.
and 
your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court located within the judicial district in which the address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Genius may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided the original complaint or an agent of such person.

If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, Genius will send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party.
Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or User, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at our sole discretion.

Repeat Infringer Policy: In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, Genius has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at Genius's sole discretion, Users who are deemed to be repeat infringers.
Genius may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Service and/or terminate the memberships of any Users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.


Third Party Websites and Content


The Service contains (or you may encounter through your use of the Service) links to other web sites operated by third parties ("Third Party Sites") as well as articles, photographs, text, graphics, pictures, designs, sound, video, information, and other content or items belonging to or originating from third parties (the "Third Party Content").
Such Third Party Sites and Third Party Content are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy, appropriateness, or completeness by us, and we are not responsible for any Third Party Sites accessed through the Service or any Third Party Content posted on, available through the Service, including the content, accuracy, offensiveness, opinions, reliability, privacy practices or other policies of or contained in the Third Party Sites or the Third Party Content.
Inclusion of, linking to or permitting the use of any Third Party Site or any Third Party Content does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by Genius.
If you decide to leave the Service and access the Third Party Sites or to access or use any Third Party Content, you do so at your own risk and you should be aware that our terms and policies (including our privacy policy) no longer govern your use of such Third Party Sites.
You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any site to which you navigate from the Service or relating to any applications you use or install from that site.

Genius is not responsible for cookies, web beacons, clear gifs, or other code you or any third parties place on your computer or device in any way, including any association of Service content with such code.
For example, if you access a Third Party Site through a link on the Service, your browser or other cookies on your computer may cause a referrer header to be sent to that site indicating some of your browsing history or the URL from which your visit originated.
Genius shall have no liability to you in connection with any such transmission, whether or not that transmission contains information associated with or originating from Genius.


Third Party Services


From time to time, you may enable various online services to be directly integrated into your Genius experience.
By directly integrating these services into the Genius functionality, we may make your online experiences richer, and more personalized.
To take advantage of these features, we may ask you to register for or log into the services on the Services of their respective providers.
If you enable third party services within the Genius functionality, you are allowing us to pass your log-in information to these service providers for this purpose.
For more information about the implications of activating these third party services and Genius's use, storage and disclosure of information related to you and your use of such services within Genius (including your friend lists and the like), please see our Privacy Policy at https://genius.com/static/privacy_policy.
However, please remember that the manner in which third party services use, store and disclose your information is governed solely by the policies of such third parties, and Genius shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any third party site or service that may be enabled within your Genius Service.

By posting or viewing YouTube content on the Service, you agree to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service.
In addition, Genius is not responsible for the accuracy, availability or reliability of any information, content, goods, data, opinions, advice or statements made available in connection with third party services.
As such, Genius is not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such third party service.
Genius may enable these features merely as a convenience and the inclusion of such features does not imply an endorsement or recommendation.


Indemnity and Release


You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Genius and its subsidiaries, agents, licensors, managers, and other affiliated companies, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, injury (including death), costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from or relating to: (i) your use of and access to the Service, including any data or content transmitted or received by you.
(ii) your violation of any term or condition of these Terms, including without limitation your breach of any of the representations and warranties above.
(iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any right of privacy or Intellectual Property Rights.
(iv) your violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation.
(v) your User Content or any that is submitted via your account.
or (vi) any other party's access and use of the Service with your unique username, password or other appropriate security code.
For the avoidance of doubt, your indemnity obligations include, without limitation, claims against Genius that any of your User Content infringes a third party's Intellectual Property Rights.


Disclaimer of Warranties


YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
GENIUS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
GENIUS MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (II) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (III) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, OR (IV) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS.
GENIUS DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE GENIUS SERVICE OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE OR SERVICE, AND GENIUS WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY MONITOR ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
FEDERAL LAW, SOME STATES, PROVINCES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF CERTAIN IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.


Limitation of Liability


YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT GENIUS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF GENIUS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, RESULTING FROM: (I) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE.
(II) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE.
(III) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA BY ANY PARTY.
(IV) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE.
(V) YOUR USER CONTENT.
OR (VI) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.
IN NO EVENT SHALL GENIUS' TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID GENIUS IN THE LAST SIX (6) MONTHS, OR, IF GREATER, FIFTY DOLLARS ($50).

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE OR WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SERVICE.

The Service is controlled and operated from facilities in the United States.
Genius makes no representations that the Service is appropriate or available for use in other locations.
Those who access or use the Service from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are entirely responsible for compliance with all applicable United States and local laws and regulations, including but not limited to export and import regulations.
You may not use the Service if you are a resident of a country embargoed by the United States, or are a foreign person or entity blocked or denied by the United States government.
Unless otherwise explicitly stated, all materials found on the Service are solely directed to individuals, companies, or other entities located in the United States.


Governing Law, Arbitration, and Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver.



Governing Law: You agree that: (i) the Service shall be deemed solely based in New York.
and (ii) the Service shall be deemed a passive one that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over us, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than New York.
These Terms will be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of New York, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
The parties acknowledge that these Terms evidence a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the preceding sentences with respect to the substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to these Terms shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C.
§§ 1-16).
The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.
You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in New York, New York for any actions for which Genius retains the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of its copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights, as set forth in the Arbitration provision below, including any provisional relief required to prevent irreparable harm.
You agree that New York, New York is the proper forum for any appeals of an arbitration award or for trial court proceedings in the event that the arbitration provision below is found to be unenforceable.

Arbitration: READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES THE PARTIES TO ARBITRATE THEIR DISPUTES AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM GENIUS.
For any dispute with Genius, you agree to first contact us at terms@genius.com and attempt to resolve the dispute with us informally.
In the unlikely event that Genius has not been able to resolve a dispute it has with you after sixty (60) days, we each agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (excluding any claims for injunctive or other equitable relief as provided below) arising out of or in connection with or relating to these Terms, or the breach or alleged breach thereof (collectively, "Claims"), by binding arbitration by JAMS, Inc.
("JAMS"), under the Optional Expedited Arbitration Procedures then in effect for JAMS, except as provided herein.
JAMS may be contacted at www.jamsadr.com.
The arbitration will be conducted in New York, New York, unless you and Genius agree otherwise.
If you are using the Service for commercial purposes, each party will be responsible for paying any JAMS filing, administrative and arbitrator fees in accordance with JAMS rules, and the award rendered by the arbitrator shall include costs of arbitration, reasonable attorneys' fees and reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses.
If you are using the Service for non-commercial purposes: (i) JAMS may require you to pay a fee for the initiation of your case, unless you apply for and successfully obtain a fee waiver from JAMS.
(ii) the award rendered by the arbitrator may include your costs of arbitration, your reasonable attorney's fees and your reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses.
and (iii) you may sue in a small claims court of competent jurisdiction without first engaging in arbitration, but this does not absolve you of your commitment to engage in the informal dispute resolution process.
Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Nothing in this Section shall be deemed as preventing Genius from seeking injunctive or other equitable relief from the courts as necessary to protect any of Genius's proprietary interests.


Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver: WITH RESPECT TO ALL PERSONS AND ENTITIES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THEY HAVE OBTAINED OR USED THE SERVICE FOR PERSONAL, COMMERCIAL OR OTHER PURPOSES, ALL CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES' INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE ACTION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
THIS WAIVER APPLIES TO CLASS ARBITRATION, AND, UNLESS WE AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S CLAIMS.
YOU AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND GENIUS ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE ACTION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND.



Termination


In addition to the termination rights set forth elsewhere herein, you agree that Genius, in its sole discretion, may suspend or terminate your account (or any part thereof) or use of the Service and remove and discard any content (including without limitation your User Content) within the Service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if Genius believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these Terms.
Any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity that may be grounds for termination of your use of Service may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities.
Genius may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Service, or any part thereof, with or without notice.
You agree that any termination of your access to the Service under any provision of these Terms may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that Genius may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the Service.
Further, you agree that Genius shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the Service.


User Disputes


You agree that you are solely responsible for your interactions with any other User in connection with the Service and Genius will have no liability or responsibility with respect thereto.
Genius reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with disputes between you and any other User of the Service or to elect to display only certain of the User content submitted in connection with a particular Genius subdomain.


Assignment


These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Genius without restriction.
Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof shall be null and void.


General


These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Genius and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and Genius with respect to the Service.
You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use certain features of the Service, affiliate or third-party services, third-party content or third-party software.
The failure of Genius to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms remain in full force and effect.
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or these Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred, unless required otherwise by applicable law.
A printed version of these Terms and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
Notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail.
The Service may also provide notices to you of changes to these Terms or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices generally on the Service.


Notice for California Users


Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, Users of the Service from California are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: 

The provider of the Service and associated services is Genius Media Group, Inc, located at 92 Third Street, Brooklyn, NY 11231.
As of the date of these terms, no direct charges are imposed upon the consumer by the Service.
If you have a complaint with the services provided on the Service or wish to request further information, please contact us at the physical address above with a description of your request.
We cannot guarantee a response in any particular time period.
If you remain unsatisfied, contact The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.



Contact


Please contact us terms@genius.com with any questions regarding these Terms. 