 Skip to content Please note that GitHub no longer supports old versions of Firefox.
We recommend upgrading to the latest Safari, Google Chrome, or Firefox. Ignore Learn more Sign&nbsp;up 
 Why GitHub? Features → 
Code review
Project management
Integrations
Actions 
Package registry 
Team management
Social coding
Documentation
Code hosting


Customer stories →
Security →


 Enterprise 
 Explore 
Explore GitHub →
 Learn &amp.
contribute 
Topics
Collections
Trending
Learning Lab
Open source guides
 Connect with others 
Events
Community forum
GitHub Education


 Marketplace 
 Pricing Plans → 
Compare plans
Contact Sales


Nonprofit →
Education →




 Search All GitHub ↵ Jump to ↵ 


 No suggested jump to results 


 Search All GitHub ↵ Jump to ↵ 
 Search All GitHub ↵ Jump to ↵ 
 Sign&nbsp;in Sign&nbsp;up Security Trust and Privacy Team Incident response Security Security at GitHub Millions of teams trust GitHub to keep their work safe.
Our team of experts goes beyond industry standards to secure our platform.
And builds features that help you do the same.
 Meet our Team&nbsp;→ 
 See how we earn your trust&nbsp;→  Security incident response Our threat detection program provides investigation, response, and coordination for all security incidents at GitHub. Learn more → The GitHub Bug Bounty Program We’ve invited the security research community to help make our product more secure since 2014. Learn more → Features Secure code,
from blueprint to execution Accounts and access Keep your GitHub account secure—and review important changes along the way.

 Two-factor Authentication (2FA) (SMS, TOTP) 
 Universal Second Factor (U2F) 
 Delegated Account Recovery 
 Git over Secure Shell (SSH) and HTTPS 
 GPG commit-signing verification 
 Email privacy controls 
 Security audit log 
 Teams and integrations Manage teams, projects, and integrations to do your best work securely.

 Fine-grained access controls 
 SAML 
 LDAP 
 Repository access levels (Read, write, and admin) 
 Default repository permissions 
 OAuth Application Whitelists 
 Security monitoring through organization-wide webhooks 
 Access controls for third-party integrations 
 Projects and monitoring Build confidently with exactly the right teams—and monitor security as you go.

 Required reviews 
 Required status checks 
 Built-in continuous integration (CI) and testing 
 Read only deploy keys 
 Deployments API 
 Monitoring and logging 
 Evidence key controls 

Find a plan that meets your team’s security needs. Compare plans → Questions about security? Have a question, concern, or comment about GitHub security? Please contact GitHub Support. Contact GitHub Support → News Stay up to date 
 New improvements and best practices for account security and recoverability→ 
 Soft U2F→ 
 A glimpse into GitHub's Bug Bounty workflow→ 
 GitHub's post-CSP journey→ 
 GitHub's CSP journey→ 
 GitHub is FedRAMP Authorized→ 
 Token Scanning→ 
 Security Alerts→ 
 Product 
Features
Security
Enterprise
Customer stories
Pricing
Resources
 Platform 
Developer API
Partners
Atom
Electron
GitHub Desktop
 Support 
Help
Community Forum
Training
Status
Contact GitHub
 Company 
About
Blog
Careers
Press
Shop














© 2019 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
 You can’t perform that action at this time.
You signed in with another tab or window.
Reload to refresh your session.
You signed out in another tab or window.
Reload to refresh your session.
  GitHub Privacy Statement Effective date: May 7, 2019

Thanks for entrusting GitHub with your source code, your projects, and your personal information.
Holding on to your private information is a serious responsibility, and we want you to know how we're handling it.
The short version
We only collect the information you choose to give us, and we process it with your consent, or on another legal basis.
we only require the minimum amount of personal information that is necessary to fulfill the purpose of your interaction with us.
we don't sell it to third parties.
and we only use it as this Privacy Statement describes.
If you're visiting us from the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), or the United Kingdom (UK), please see our global privacy practices: we comply with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and we are compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
No matter where you are, where you live, or what your citizenship is, we provide a high standard of privacy protection to all our users around the world, regardless of their country of origin or location.
Of course, the short version doesn't tell you everything, so please read on for more details!
Summary Section
What can you find there? What information GitHub collects and why
GitHub collects basic information from visitors to our website, and some personal information from our users.
We only require the minimum amount of personal information necessary from you.
This section gives details.
What information GitHub does not collect
We don’t collect information from children under 13, and we don’t collect sensitive data.
How we share the information we collect
We share information to provide the service to you, to comply with your requests, or with our vendors.
We do not host advertising on GitHub and we do not sell your personal information.
You can see a list of the vendors that access your personal information.
How you can access and control the information we collect
We provide ways for you to access, alter, or delete your profile information.
You can also contact Support for more help.
Our use of cookies and tracking
We use cookies for the overall functionality of our website, and we use a small number of tracking and analytics services on a few parts of our site.
We offer a page that makes this very transparent.
Please see this section for more information.
How GitHub secures your information
We take all measures reasonably necessary to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your personal information on GitHub and to protect the resiliance of our servers as they host your information.
GitHub's global privacy practices
GitHub complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, and the General Data Protection Regulation.
Please see this section for more specific information.
How we respond to compelled disclosure
We may share your information in response to a warrant, subpoena, or other court action, or if disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or the rights of the public at large.
We strive for transparency, and will notify you when possible.
How we, and others, communicate with you
We communicate with you by email.
You can control the way we contact you in your account settings.
Resolving complaints
In the unlikely event that we are unable to resolve a privacy concern quickly and thoroughly, we provide a path of dispute resolution through external arbiters.
Changes to our Privacy Statement
We will notify you of material changes to this Privacy Statement 30 days in advance of any such changes becoming effective.
You may also track changes in our Site Policy repository.
Contacting GitHub
Please feel free to contact us if you have questions about our Privacy Statement.
GitHub Privacy Statement
What information GitHub collects and why
Categories of personal information
"User Personal Information" is any personal information about one of our users which could, alone or together with other information, personally identify them.
Information such as a user name and password, an email address, a real name, and a photograph are examples of “User Personal Information.” User Personal Information includes Personal Data as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation.
"Technical Information" may include information we collect from website browsers, such as web server logs, or other log information, such as User session or activity logs.
Technical Information may be connected to User Personal Information such as a username or an email address, or to other potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.
User Personal Information does not include aggregated, non-personally identifying information.
We may use aggregated, non-personally identifying information to operate, analyze, improve, and optimize our website and service.
Information from users with accounts
If you create an account, we require some basic information at the time of account creation.
You will create your own user name and password, and we will ask you for a valid email address.
You also have the option to give us more information if you want to, and this may include "User Personal Information."
Information from website browsers
If you're just browsing the website, we collect the same basic information that most websites collect.
We use common internet technologies, such as cookies and web server logs, to collect Technical Information.
This is stuff we collect from everybody, whether they have an account or not.
The information we collect about all visitors to our website includes the visitor’s browser type, language preference, referring site, additional websites requested, and the date and time of each visitor request.
We also collect potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.
Information we collect from third parties
From time to time, GitHub receives personal information about individuals from third parties.
This may happen if you sign up for a training or to receive information about GitHub from one of our vendors.
Why we collect this information

We need your User Personal Information to create your account, and to provide the services you request, including to provide the GitHub service, the Marketplace service, or to respond to support requests.
We use your User Personal Information, specifically your user name, to identify you on GitHub.
We use it to fill out your profile and share that profile with other users if you ask us to.
We will use your email address to communicate with you, if you've said that's okay, and only for the reasons you’ve said that’s okay.
Please see our section on email communication for more information.
We use User Personal Information and other data to make recommendations for you, such as to suggest projects you may want to follow or contribute to.
For example, when you fill out an interest survey at account creation, we learn from it — as well as from your public behavior on GitHub, such as the projects you star — to determine your coding interests, and we recommend similar projects.
These recommendations are automated decisions, but they have no legal impact on your rights.
We collect Technical Information to better understand how our website visitors use GitHub, and to monitor and protect the security of the website.
We collect personal information from third parties for the purposes for which it was authorized to be collected.
For example, you may authorize GitHub to contact you for marketing purposes via a third party's platform.
If we need to use your personal information for other purposes, we will ask your permission first.
We use your User Personal Information and Technical Information for internal purposes, such as to maintain logs for security reasons, for training purposes, and for legal documentation and compliance.
We limit our use of your User Personal Information to the purposes listed in this Privacy Statement.
If we need to use your User Personal Information for other purposes, we will ask your permission first.
You can always see what information we have, how we're using it, and what permissions you have given us in your user profile.

Our legal basis for processing information
Under certain international laws (including GDPR), GitHub is required to notify you about the legal basis on which we process User Personal Information.
GitHub processes User Personal Information on the following legal bases:

When you create a GitHub account, you provide your user name and an email address.
We require those data elements for you to enter into the Terms of Service agreement with us, and we process those elements on the basis of performing that contract.
We also process your user name and email address on other bases.
If you have a GitHub Hosted, GitHub Enterprise Server, or other paid account with us, there will be other data elements we must collect and process on the basis of performing that contract.
GitHub does not collect or process a credit card number, but our third-party payment processor does.
As a user, you can fill out the information in your user profile, and you have the option to provide User Personal Information such as your full name, an avatar which may include a photograph, your biography, your location, your company, and a URL to a third party website.
You also have the option of setting a publicly visible email address here.
If you decide to participate in a GitHub research project or survey, you may choose to provide User Personal Information or other personal information to us for limited purposes.
We process this information on the basis of consent.
All of this information is entirely optional, and you have the ability to access, modify, and delete it at any time (while you are not able to delete your email address entirely, you can make it private).
Generally, the remainder of the processing of personal information we perform is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests.
For example, for legal compliance purposes or to maintain ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of GitHub's systems, website, and service, we must keep logs of Technical Information.
and, in order to respond to legal process, we are required to keep records of users who have sent and received DMCA takedown notices.
If you would like to request erasure of data we process on the basis of consent or object to our processing of personal information, please use our Privacy contact form.

What information GitHub does not collect
We do not intentionally collect sensitive personal information, such as social security numbers, genetic data, health information, or religious information.
Although GitHub does not request or intentionally collect any sensitive personal information, we realize that you might store this kind of information in your account, such as in a repository or in your public profile.
If you store any sensitive personal information on our servers, you are responsible for complying with any regulatory controls regarding that data.
If you're a child under the age of 13, you may not have an account on GitHub.
GitHub does not knowingly collect information from or direct any of our content specifically to children under 13.
If we learn or have reason to suspect that you are a user who is under the age of 13, we will unfortunately have to close your account.
We don't want to discourage you from learning to code, but those are the rules.
Please see our Terms of Service for information about account termination.
Other countries may have different minimum age limits, and if you are below the minimum age for providing consent for data collection in your country, you may not use GitHub without obtaining your parents' or legal guardians' consent.
We do not intentionally collect User Personal Information that is stored in your repositories or other free-form content inputs.
Information in your repositories belongs to you, and you are responsible for it, as well as for making sure that your content complies with our Terms of Service.
Any personal information within a user's repository is the responsibility of the repository owner.
Repository contents
GitHub employees do not access private repositories unless required to for security reasons, to assist the repository owner with a support matter, or to maintain the integrity of the service.
Our Terms of Service provides more details.
If your repository is public, anyone (including us and unaffiliated third parties) may view its contents.
If you have included private or sensitive information in your public repository, such as email addresses or passwords, that information may be indexed by search engines or used by third parties.
In addition, while we do not generally search for content in your repositories, we may scan our servers for certain tokens or security signatures, or for known active malware.
Please see more about User Personal Information in public repositories.
How we share the information we collect
We do share User Personal Information with your permission, so we can perform services you have requested or communicate on your behalf.
For example, if you purchase an integration or other Developer Product from our Marketplace, we will share your account name to allow the integrator to provide you services.
Additionally, you may indicate, through your actions on GitHub, that you are willing to share your User Personal Information.
For example, if you join an organization, the owner of the organization will have the ability to view your activity in the organization's access log.
We will respect your choices.
We do not share, sell, rent, or trade User Personal Information with third parties for their commercial purposes, except where you have specifically told us to (such as by buying an integration from Marketplace).
We do not host advertising on GitHub.
We may occasionally embed content from third party sites, such as YouTube, and that content may include ads.
While we try to minimize the amount of ads our embedded content contains, we can't always control what third parties show.
Any advertisements on individual GitHub Pages or in GitHub repositories are not sponsored by, or tracked by, GitHub.
We do not disclose User Personal Information outside GitHub, except in the situations listed in this section or in the section below on Compelled Disclosure.
We do share certain aggregated, non-personally identifying information with others about how our users, collectively, use GitHub, or how our users respond to our other offerings, such as our conferences or events.
For example, we may compile statistics on the usage of open source licenses across GitHub.
However, we do not sell this information to advertisers or marketers.
We do share User Personal Information with a limited number of third party vendors who process it on our behalf to provide or improve our service, and who have agreed to privacy restrictions similar to our own Privacy Statement by signing data protection agreements.
Our vendors perform services such as payment processing, customer support ticketing, network data transmission, and other similar services.
When we transfer your data to our vendors under EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, we remain responsible for it.
While GitHub processes all User Personal Information in the United States, our third party vendors may process data outside of the United States or the European Union.
If you would like to know who our third party vendors are, please see our page on Subprocessors.
We do share aggregated, non-personally identifying information with third parties.
For example, we share the number of stars on a repository, or in the event of a security incident, we may share the number of times a particular file was accessed.
We may share User Personal Information if we are involved in a merger, sale, or acquisition.
If any such change of ownership happens, we will ensure that it is under terms that preserve the confidentiality of User Personal Information, and we will notify you on our website or by email before any transfer of your User Personal Information.
The organization receiving any User Personal Information will have to honor any promises we have made in our Privacy Statement or in our Terms of Service.
Public information on GitHub
Much of GitHub is public-facing.
If your content is public-facing, third parties may access and use it in compliance with our Terms of Service, such as by viewing your profile or repositories or pulling data via our API.
We do not sell that content.
it is yours.
However, we do allow third parties, such as research organizations or archives, to compile public-facing GitHub information.
Other third parties, such as data brokers, have been known to scrape GitHub and compile data as well.
Your User Personal Information, associated with your content, could be gathered by third parties in these compilations of GitHub data.
If you do not want your User Personal Information to appear in third parties’ compilations of GitHub data, please do not make your personal information publicly available and be sure to configure your email address to be private in your user profile and in your git commit settings.
We currently set users' email address private by default, but legacy GitHub users may need to update their settings.
If you would like to compile GitHub data, you must comply with our Terms of Service regarding scraping and privacy, and you may only use any public-facing User Personal Information you gather for the purpose for which our user has authorized it.
For example, where a GitHub user has made an email address public-facing for the purpose of identification and attribution, do not use that email address for commercial advertising.
We expect you to reasonably secure any User Personal Information you have gathered from GitHub, and to respond promptly to complaints, removal requests, and "do not contact" requests from GitHub or GitHub users.
Similarly, projects on GitHub may include publicly available User Personal Information collected as part of the collaborative process.
In the event that a GitHub project contains publicly available personal information that does not belong to GitHub users, we will only use that personal information for the limited purpose for which it was collected, and we will secure that personal information as we would secure any User Personal Information.
If you have a complaint about any personal information on GitHub, please see our section on resolving complaints.
Organizations
You may indicate, through your actions on GitHub, that you are willing to share your User Personal Information.
If you collaborate on or become a member of an organization, then the Account owners may receive your User Personal Information.
When you accept an invitation to an organization, you will be notified of the types of information owners may be able to see (for more information, see About Organization Membership).
If you accept an invitation to an organization with a verified domain, then the owners of that organization may be able to see your full email address(es) within that organization's verified domain(s).

If you collaborate on or become a member of an Account that has agreed to the Corporate Terms of Service and a Data Protection Addendum ("DPA") to this Privacy Statement, then that DPA will govern any conflicts between this Privacy Statement and the DPA with respect to your activity in the Account.

Please contact the Account owners for more information about how they process your User Personal Information and the ways for you to access, update, alter, or delete the User Personal Information stored in that account.
Third party applications
You have the option of enabling or adding third party applications, known as "Developer Products," to your account.
These Developer Products are not necessary for your use of GitHub.
We will share your User Personal Information to third parties when you ask us to, such as by purchasing a Developer Product from the Marketplace.
however, you are responsible for your use of the third party Developer Product and for the amount of User Personal Information you choose to share with it.
You can check our API documentation to see what information is provided when you authenticate into a Developer Product using your GitHub profile.
GitHub Pages
If you create a GitHub Pages website, it is your responsibility to post a privacy statement that accurately describes how you collect, use, and share personal information and other visitor information, and how you comply with applicable data privacy laws, rules, and regulations.
Please note that GitHub may collect Technical Information from visitors to your GitHub Pages website, including logs of visitor IP addresses, to maintain the security and integrity of the website and service.
GitHub applications
You can also add applications from GitHub, such as our Desktop app, our Electron or Atom applications, or other account features, to your account.
These applications each have their own terms and may collect different kinds of User Personal Information.
however, all GitHub applications are subject to this Privacy Statement, and we will always collect the minimum amount of User Personal Information necessary, and use it only for the purpose for which you have given it to us.
How you can access and control the information we collect
If you're already a GitHub user, you may access, update, alter, or delete your basic user profile information by editing your user profile or contacting GitHub Support or GitHub Premium Support.
You can control the information we collect about you by limiting what information is in your profile, by updating out of date information, or by contacting GitHub Support or GitHub Premium Support.
If GitHub processes information about you and you do not have an account, such as information GitHub receives from third parties, then you may access, update, alter, delete, or object to the processing of your personal information by contacting GitHub Support or GitHub Premium Support.
Data portability
As a GitHub User, you can always take your data with you.
You can clone your repositories to your desktop, for example, or you can use our Data Portability tools to download all of the data we have about you.
Data retention and deletion of data
Generally, GitHub will retain User Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
We may retain certain User Personal Information indefinitely, unless you delete it or request its deletion.
For example, we don’t automatically delete inactive user accounts, so unless you choose to delete your account, we will retain your account information indefinitely.
If you would like to cancel your account or delete your User Personal Information, you may do so in your user profile.
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, but barring legal requirements, we will delete your full profile (within reason) within 90 days.
You may contact GitHub Support or GitHub Premium Support to request the erasure of the data we process on the basis of consent within 30 days.
After an account has been deleted, certain data, such as contributions to other users' repositories and comments in others' issues, will remain.
However, we will delete or deidentify your personal information, including your user name and email address, from the author field of issues, pull requests, and comments by associating them with the ghost user.
The email address you have supplied via your Git commit settings will always be associated with your commits in the Git system.
If you chose to make your email address private, you should also update your Git commit settings.
We are unable to change or delete data in the Git commit history — the Git software is designed to maintain a record — but we do enable you to control what information you put in that record.
Our use of cookies and tracking
Cookies
GitHub uses cookies to make interactions with our service easy and meaningful.
We use cookies (and similar technologies, like HTML5 localStorage) to keep you logged in, remember your preferences, and provide information for future development of GitHub.
For security reasons, we use cookies to identify a device.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your computer or device.
If you disable your browser or device’s ability to accept these cookies, you will not be able to log in or use GitHub’s services.
On certain areas of the website, we may also use cookies to identify you and/or your device to advertise GitHub products and services to you on third party sites.

We provide a web page on cookies and tracking that describes the cookies we set, the needs we have for those cookies, and the types of cookies they are (temporary or permanent).
It also lists our third party analytics providers and subprocessors, and details exactly which parts of our website we permit them to track.
Tracking and analytics
We use a number of third party analytics and service providers to help us evaluate our users' use of GitHub.
compile statistical reports on activity.
and improve our content and website performance.
We only use these third party analytics providers on certain areas of our website, and all of them have signed data protection agreements with us that limit the type of personal information they can collect and the purpose for which they can process the information.
In addition, we use our own internal analytics software to provide features and improve our content and performance.
Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked.
GitHub responds to browser DNT signals and follows the W3C standard for responding to DNT signals.
If you have not enabled DNT on a browser that supports it, cookies on some parts of our website will track your online browsing activity on other online services over time, though we do not permit third parties other than our analytics and service providers to track GitHub users' activity over time on GitHub.

How GitHub secures your information
GitHub takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect User Personal Information from unauthorized access, alteration, or destruction.
maintain data accuracy.
and help ensure the appropriate use of User Personal Information.
GitHub enforces a written security information program.
Our program:

aligns with industry recognized frameworks.

includes security safeguards reasonably designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of our users' data;
is appropriate to the nature, size, and complexity of GitHub’s business operations;
includes incident response and data breach notification processes.
and
complies with applicable information security related laws and regulations in the geographic regions where GitHub does business.

In the event of a data breach that affects your User Personal Information, we will act promptly to mitigate the impact of a breach and notify any affected users without undue delay.
Transmission of data on GitHub is encrypted using SSH, HTTPS, and SSL/TLS.
While our data is not encrypted at rest, we manage our own cages and racks at top-tier data centers with excellent physical and network security, and when data is stored with a third party storage provider, it is encrypted.
No method of transmission, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
For more information, see our security disclosures.
GitHub's global privacy practices

We store and process the information that we collect in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Statement (our subprocessors may store and process data outside the United States).
However, we understand that we have users from different countries and regions with different privacy expectations, and we try to meet those needs even when the United States does not have the same privacy framework as other countries'.
We provide a high standard of privacy protection — as described in this Privacy Statement — to all our users around the world, regardless of their country of origin or location, and we are proud of the levels of notice, choice, accountability, security, data integrity, access, and recourse we provide.
We work hard to comply with the applicable data privacy laws wherever we do business, working with our Data Protection Officer as part of a cross-functional team that oversees our privacy compliance efforts.
Additionally, if our vendors or affiliates have access to User Personal Information, they must sign agreements that require them to comply with our privacy policies and with applicable data privacy laws.
In particular:

GitHub provides clear methods of unambiguous, informed consent at the time of data collection, when we do collect your personal information using consent as a basis.
We collect only the minimum amount of personal information necessary for our purposes, unless you choose to provide more.
We encourage you to only give us the amount of data you are comfortable sharing.
We offer you simple methods of accessing, correcting, or deleting the User Personal Information we have collected.
We provide our users notice, choice, accountability, security, and access, and we limit the purpose for processing.
We also provide our users a method of recourse and enforcement.
These are the Privacy Shield Principles, but they are also just good practices.

Cross-border data transfers
For cross-border data transfers from the EU, the European Economic Area (EEA), and UK, GitHub adheres to the Privacy Shield Framework.
You may view our EU-US certification entry in the Privacy Shield List.
In addition to providing our users methods of unambiguous, informed consent and control over their data, we participate in and comply with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, and we are committed to subject any personal information we receive from the EU, EEA, and the United Kingdom to the Privacy Shield Principles.
How we respond to compelled disclosure
GitHub may disclose personally-identifying information or other information we collect about you to law enforcement in response to a valid subpoena, court order, warrant, or similar government order, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect our property or rights, or those of third parties or the public at large.
In complying with court orders and similar legal processes, GitHub strives for transparency.
When permitted, we will make a reasonable effort to notify users of any disclosure of their information, unless we are prohibited by law or court order from doing so, or in rare, exigent circumstances.
For more information, see our Guidelines for Legal Requests of User Data.
How we, and others, communicate with you
We will use your email address to communicate with you, if you've said that's okay, and only for the reasons you’ve said that’s okay.
For example, if you contact our Support team with a request, we will respond to you via email.
You have a lot of control over how your email address is used and shared on and through GitHub.
You may manage your communication preferences in your user profile.
By design, the Git version control system associates many actions with a user's email address, such as commit messages.
We are not able to change many aspects of the Git system.
If you would like your email address to remain private, even when you’re commenting on public repositories, you can create a private email address in your user profile.
You should also update your local Git configuration to use your private email address.
This will not change how we contact you, but it will affect how others see you.
We set current users' email address private by default, but legacy GitHub users may need to update their settings.
Please see more about email addresses in commit messages here.
Depending on your email settings, GitHub may occasionally send notification emails about changes in a repository you’re watching, new features, requests for feedback, important policy changes, or offer customer support.
We also send marketing emails, based on your choices and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
There's an unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each of the marketing emails we send you.
Please note that you can not opt out of receiving important communications from us, such as emails from our Support team or system emails, but you can configure your notifications settings in your profile.
Our emails might contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell us whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is.
We use this pixel tag to make our email more effective for you and to make sure we’re not sending you unwanted email.
Resolving complaints
If you have concerns about the way GitHub is handling your User Personal Information, please let us know immediately.
We want to help.
You may contact us by filling out the Privacy contact form.
You may also email us directly at privacy@github.com with the subject line "Privacy Concerns." We will respond promptly — within 45 days at the latest.
You may also contact our Data Protection Officer directly. Our United States HQ
Our EU Office GitHub Data Protection Officer
GitHub BV 88 Colin P.
Kelly Jr.
St.
Vijzelstraat 68-72 San Francisco, CA 94107
1017 HL Amsterdam United States
The Netherlands privacy@github.com
privacy@github.com Dispute resolution process
In the unlikely event that a dispute arises between you and GitHub regarding our handling of your User Personal Information, we will do our best to resolve it.
If we cannot, we have selected JAMS, an independent dispute resolution provider, to handle unresolved Privacy Shield complaints.
If we are unable to resolve your concerns after a good faith effort to address them, you may contact JAMS and submit a Privacy Shield claim.
JAMS is a US-based private alternate dispute resolution provider, and we have contracted with JAMS to provide an independent recourse mechanism for any of our users for privacy concerns at no cost to you. You do not need to appear in court.
you may conduct this dispute resolution process via telephone or video conference.
If you are not based in the EU, EEA, or the UK, but you would still like to use the JAMS arbitration process to resolve your dispute, please let us know and we will provide access to you.
Additionally, if you are a resident of an EU member state, you have the right to file a complaint with your local supervisory authority.
Independent arbitration
Under certain limited circumstances, EU, EEA, and UK individuals may invoke binding Privacy Shield arbitration as a last resort if all other forms of dispute resolution have been unsuccessful.
To learn more about this method of resolution and its availability to you, please read more about Privacy Shield.
Arbitration is not mandatory.
it is a tool you can use if you choose to.
We are subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Trade Commission.
Changes to our Privacy Statement
Although most changes are likely to be minor, GitHub may change our Privacy Statement from time to time.
We will provide notification to Users of material changes to this Privacy Statement through our Website at least 30 days prior to the change taking effect by posting a notice on our home page or sending email to the primary email address specified in your GitHub account.
We will also update our Site Policy repository, which tracks all changes to this policy.
For changes to this Privacy Statement that do not affect your rights, we encourage visitors to check our Site Policy repository frequently.
License
This Privacy Statement is licensed under this Creative Commons Zero license.
For details, see our site-policy repository.
Contacting GitHub
Questions regarding GitHub's Privacy Statement or information practices should be directed to our Privacy contact form.
For a French translation, click here and cliquez ici pour francais: GitHub Privacy Statement/Déclaration de confidentialité de GitHub   GitHub Terms of Service Thank you for using GitHub! We're happy you're here.
Please read this Terms of Service agreement carefully before accessing or using GitHub.
Because it is such an important contract between us and our users, we have tried to make it as clear as possible.
For your convenience, we have presented these terms in a short non-binding summary followed by the full legal terms.
Summary Section
What can you find there? A.
Definitions
Some basic terms, defined in a way that will help you understand this agreement.
Refer back up to this section for clarification.
B.
Account Terms
These are the basic requirements of having an Account on GitHub.
C.
Acceptable Use
These are the basic rules you must follow when using your GitHub Account.
D.
User-Generated Content
You own the content you post on GitHub.
However, you have some responsibilities regarding it, and we ask you to grant us some rights so we can provide services to you.
E.
Private Repositories
This section talks about how GitHub will treat content you post in private repositories.
F.
Copyright &amp.
DMCA Policy
This section talks about how GitHub will respond if you believe someone is infringing your copyrights on GitHub.
G.
Intellectual Property Notice
This describes GitHub's rights in the website and service.
H.
API Terms
These are the rules for using GitHub's APIs, whether you are using the API for development or data collection.
I.
Additional Terms for GitHub Pages
We have a few specific rules for content hosted using GitHub Pages.
J.
Third Party Applications
We have a few rules for creating apps for other Users, and another set of terms for GitHub Marketplace.
K.
Advertising on GitHub
If you want to promote your content on GitHub, this section lays out some rules you must follow.
L.
Payment
You are responsible for payment.
We are responsible for billing you accurately.
M.
Cancellation and Termination
You may cancel this agreement and close your Account at any time.
N.
Communications with GitHub
We only use email and other electronic means to stay in touch with our users.
We do not provide phone support.
O.
Disclaimer of Warranties
We provide our service as is, and we make no promises or guarantees about this service.
Please read this section carefully.
you should understand what to expect. P.
Limitation of Liability
We will not be liable for damages or losses arising from your use or inability to use the service or otherwise arising under this agreement.
Please read this section carefully.
it limits our obligations to you. Q.
Release and Indemnification
You are fully responsible for your use of the service.
R.
Changes to these Terms of Service
We may modify this agreement, but we will give you 30 days' notice of changes that affect your rights.
S.
Miscellaneous
Please see this section for legal details including our choice of law.
The GitHub Terms of Service
Effective date: April 19, 2019
A.
Definitions

Short version:
We use these basic terms throughout the agreement, and they have specific meanings.
You should know what we mean when we use each of the terms.
There's not going to be a test on it, but it's still useful information.


The “Agreement” refers, collectively, to all the terms, conditions, notices contained or referenced in this document (the “Terms of Service” or the "Terms") and all other operating rules, policies (including the GitHub Privacy Statement, available at github.com/site/privacy) and procedures that we may publish from time to time on the Website.
Most of our site policies are available at help.github.com/categories/site-policy.
The “Service” refers to the applications, software, products, and services provided by GitHub.
The “Website” refers to GitHub’s website located at github.com, and all content, services, and products provided by GitHub at or through the Website.
It also refers to GitHub-owned subdomains of github.com, such as education.github.com and pages.github.com.
These Terms also govern GitHub’s conference websites, such as githubuniverse.com, and product websites, such as atom.io.
Occasionally, websites owned by GitHub may provide different or additional terms of service.
If those additional terms conflict with this Agreement, the more specific terms apply to the relevant page or service.
“The User,” “You,” and “Your” refer to the individual person, company, or organization that has visited or is using the Website or Service.
that accesses or uses any part of the Account.
or that directs the use of the Account in the performance of its functions.
A User must be at least 13 years of age.
Special terms may apply for business or government Accounts (See Section B(5): Additional Terms).
“GitHub,” “We,” and “Us” refer to GitHub, Inc., as well as our affiliates, directors, subsidiaries, contractors, licensors, officers, agents, and employees.
“Content” refers to content featured or displayed through the Website, including without limitation text, data, articles, images, photographs, graphics, software, applications, designs, features, and other materials that are available on the Website or otherwise available through the Service.
"Content" also includes Services.
“User-Generated Content” is Content, written or otherwise, created or uploaded by our Users.
"Your Content" is Content that you create or own.
An "Account" represents your legal relationship with GitHub.
A “User Account” represents an individual User’s authorization to log in to and use the Service and serves as a User’s identity on GitHub.
“Organizations” are shared workspaces that may be associated with a single entity or with one or more Users where multiple Users can collaborate across many projects at once.
A User Account can be a member of any number of Organizations.

B.
Account Terms

Short version:
User Accounts and Organizations have different administrative controls.
a human must create your Account.
you must be 13 or over.
you must provide a valid email address.
and you may not have more than one free Account.
You alone are responsible for your Account and anything that happens while you are signed in to or using your Account.
You are responsible for keeping your Account secure.

1.
Account Controls


Users.
Subject to these Terms, you retain ultimate administrative control over your User Account and the Content within it.


Organizations.
The "owner" of an Organization that was created under these Terms has ultimate administrative control over that Organization and the Content within it.
Within the Service, an owner can manage User access to the Organization’s data and projects.
An Organization may have multiple owners, but there must be at least one User Account designated as an owner of an Organization.
If you are the owner of an Organization under these Terms, we consider you responsible for the actions that are performed on or through that Organization.


2.
Required Information
You must provide a valid email address in order to complete the signup process.
Any other information requested, such as your real name, is optional, unless you are accepting these terms on behalf of a legal entity (in which case we need more information about the legal entity) or if you opt for a paid Account, in which case additional information will be necessary for billing purposes.
3.
Account Requirements
We have a few simple rules for User Accounts on GitHub's Service.

You must be a human to create an Account.
Accounts registered by "bots" or other automated methods are not permitted.
We do permit machine accounts: 
A machine account is an Account set up by an individual human who accepts the Terms on behalf of the Account, provides a valid email address, and is responsible for its actions.
A machine account is used exclusively for performing automated tasks.
Multiple users may direct the actions of a machine account, but the owner of the Account is ultimately responsible for the machine's actions.
You may maintain no more than one free machine account in addition to your free User Account.
One person or legal entity may maintain no more than one free Account (if you choose to control a machine account as well, that's fine, but it can only be used for running a machine).
You must be age 13 or older.
While we are thrilled to see brilliant young coders get excited by learning to program, we must comply with United States law.
GitHub does not target our Service to children under 13, and we do not permit any Users under 13 on our Service.
If we learn of any User under the age of 13, we will terminate that User’s Account immediately.
If you are a resident of a country outside the United States, your country’s minimum age may be older.
in such a case, you are responsible for complying with your country’s laws.
Your login may only be used by one person — i.e., a single login may not be shared by multiple people.
A paid Organization may only provide access to as many User Accounts as your subscription allows.
You may not use GitHub in violation of export control or sanctions laws of the United States or any other applicable jurisdiction.
You may not use GitHub if you are or are working on behalf of a Specially Designated National (SDN) or a person subject to similar blocking or denied party prohibitions administered by a U.S.
government agency.
GitHub may allow persons in certain sanctioned countries or territories to access certain GitHub services pursuant to U.S.
government authorizations.
For more information, please see our Export Controls policy.


4.
User Account Security
You are responsible for keeping your Account secure while you use our Service.
We offer tools such as two-factor authentication to help you maintain your Account's security, but the content of your Account and its security are up to you.

You are responsible for all content posted and activity that occurs under your Account (even when content is posted by others who have Accounts under your Account).
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your Account and password.
GitHub cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation.
You will promptly notify GitHub if you become aware of any unauthorized use of, or access to, our Service through your Account, including any unauthorized use of your password or Account.

5.
Additional Terms
In some situations, third parties' terms may apply to your use of GitHub.
For example, you may be a member of an organization on GitHub with its own terms or license agreements.
you may download an application that integrates with GitHub.
or you may use GitHub to authenticate to another service.
Please be aware that while these Terms are our full agreement with you, other parties' terms govern their relationships with you.
If you are a government User or otherwise accessing or using any GitHub Service in a government capacity, this Government Amendment to GitHub Terms of Service applies to you, and you agree to its provisions.
If you have signed up for GitHub Enterprise Cloud, the Enterprise Cloud Addendum applies to you, and you agree to its provisions.
C.
Acceptable Use

Short version:
GitHub hosts a wide variety of collaborative projects from all over the world, and that collaboration only works when our users are able to work together in good faith.
While using the service, you must follow this Acceptable Use Policy, which includes some restrictions on content you can post, conduct on the service, and other limitations.
In short, be excellent to each other.

1.
Compliance with Laws and Regulations
Your use of the Website and Service must not violate any applicable laws, including copyright or trademark laws, export control or sanctions laws, or other laws in your jurisdiction.
You are responsible for making sure that your use of the Service is in compliance with laws and any applicable regulations.
2.
Content Restrictions
You agree that you will not under any circumstances upload, post, host, or transmit any content that:

is unlawful or promotes unlawful activities;
is or contains sexually obscene content;
is libelous, defamatory, or fraudulent;
is discriminatory or abusive toward any individual or group;
gratuitously depicts or glorifies violence, including violent images;
contains or installs any active malware or exploits, or uses our platform for exploit delivery (such as part of a command and control system).
or
infringes on any proprietary right of any party, including patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other rights.

3.
Conduct Restrictions
While using GitHub, you agree that you will not under any circumstances:

harass, abuse, threaten, or incite violence towards any individual or group, including GitHub employees, officers, and agents, or other GitHub Users;
use our servers for any form of excessive automated bulk activity (for example, spamming), or relay any other form of unsolicited advertising or solicitation through our servers, such as get-rich-quick schemes;
attempt to disrupt or tamper with GitHub's servers in ways that could harm our Website or Service, to place undue burden on GitHub's servers through automated means, or to access GitHub's Service in ways that exceed your authorization (other than those authorized by the GitHub Bug Bounty program);
impersonate any person or entity, including any of our employees or representatives, including through false association with GitHub, or by fraudulently misrepresenting your identity or site's purpose.
or
violate the privacy of any third party, such as by posting another person's personal information without consent.

4.
Services Usage Limits
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service without GitHub's express written permission.
5.
Scraping
Scraping refers to extracting data from our Website via an automated process, such as a bot or webcrawler.
It does not refer to the collection of information through GitHub's API.
Please see Section H for our API Terms.
You may scrape the website for the following reasons:

Researchers may scrape public, non-personal information from GitHub for research purposes, only if any publications resulting from that research are open access.
Archivists may scrape GitHub for public data for archival purposes.

You may not scrape GitHub for spamming purposes, including for the purposes of selling GitHub users' personal information, such as to recruiters, headhunters, and job boards.
All use of GitHub data gathered through scraping must comply with the GitHub Privacy Statement.
6.
Privacy
Misuse of GitHub Users' Personal Information is prohibited.
Any person, entity, or service collecting data from GitHub must comply with the GitHub Privacy Statement, particularly in regards to the collection of our Users' Personal Information (as defined in the GitHub Privacy Statement).
If you collect any GitHub User's Personal Information from GitHub, you agree that you will only use the Personal Information you gather for the purpose for which our User has authorized it.
You agree that you will reasonably secure any Personal Information you have gathered from GitHub, and you will respond promptly to complaints, removal requests, and "do not contact" requests from GitHub or GitHub Users.
7.
Excessive Bandwidth Use
If we determine your bandwidth usage to be significantly excessive in relation to other GitHub customers, we reserve the right to suspend your Account or throttle your file hosting until you can reduce your bandwidth consumption.
8.
User Protection
You agree not to engage in activity that significantly harms our Users.
We will resolve disputes in favor of protecting our Users as a whole.
D.
User-Generated Content

Short version:
You own content you create, but you allow us certain rights to it, so that we can display and share the content you post.
You still have control over your content, and responsibility for it, and the rights you grant us are limited to those we need to provide the service.
We have the right to remove content or close Accounts if we need to.

1.
Responsibility for User-Generated Content
You may create or upload User-Generated Content while using the Service.
You are solely responsible for the content of, and for any harm resulting from, any User-Generated Content that you post, upload, link to or otherwise make available via the Service, regardless of the form of that Content.
We are not responsible for any public display or misuse of your User-Generated Content.
2.
GitHub May Remove Content
We do not pre-screen User-Generated Content, but we have the right (though not the obligation) to refuse or remove any User-Generated Content that, in our sole discretion, violates any GitHub terms or policies.
3.
Ownership of Content, Right to Post, and License Grants
You retain ownership of and responsibility for Your Content.
If you're posting anything you did not create yourself or do not own the rights to, you agree that you are responsible for any Content you post.
that you will only submit Content that you have the right to post.
and that you will fully comply with any third party licenses relating to Content you post.
Because you retain ownership of and responsibility for Your Content, we need you to grant us — and other GitHub Users — certain legal permissions, listed in Sections D.4 — D.7.
These license grants apply to Your Content.
If you upload Content that already comes with a license granting GitHub the permissions we need to run our Service, no additional license is required.
You understand that you will not receive any payment for any of the rights granted in Sections D.4 — D.7.
The licenses you grant to us will end when you remove Your Content from our servers, unless other Users have forked it.
4.
License Grant to Us
We need the legal right to do things like host Your Content, publish it, and share it.
You grant us and our legal successors the right to store, parse, and display Your Content, and make incidental copies as necessary to render the Website and provide the Service.
This includes the right to do things like copy it to our database and make backups.
show it to you and other users.
parse it into a search index or otherwise analyze it on our servers.
share it with other users.
and perform it, in case Your Content is something like music or video.
This license does not grant GitHub the right to sell Your Content or otherwise distribute or use it outside of our provision of the Service.
5.
License Grant to Other Users
Any User-Generated Content you post publicly, including issues, comments, and contributions to other Users' repositories, may be viewed by others.
By setting your repositories to be viewed publicly, you agree to allow others to view and "fork" your repositories (this means that others may make their own copies of Content from your repositories in repositories they control).
If you set your pages and repositories to be viewed publicly, you grant each User of GitHub a nonexclusive, worldwide license to use, display, and perform Your Content through the GitHub Service and to reproduce Your Content solely on GitHub as permitted through GitHub's functionality (for example, through forking).
You may grant further rights if you adopt a license.
If you are uploading Content you did not create or own, you are responsible for ensuring that the Content you upload is licensed under terms that grant these permissions to other GitHub Users.
6.
Contributions Under Repository License
Whenever you make a contribution to a repository containing notice of a license, you license your contribution under the same terms, and you agree that you have the right to license your contribution under those terms.
If you have a separate agreement to license your contributions under different terms, such as a contributor license agreement, that agreement will supersede.
Isn't this just how it works already? Yep.
This is widely accepted as the norm in the open-source community.
it's commonly referred to by the shorthand "inbound=outbound".
We're just making it explicit.
7.
Moral Rights
You retain all moral rights to Your Content that you upload, publish, or submit to any part of the Service, including the rights of integrity and attribution.
However, you waive these rights and agree not to assert them against us, to enable us to reasonably exercise the rights granted in Section D.4, but not otherwise.
To the extent this agreement is not enforceable by applicable law, you grant GitHub the rights we need to use Your Content without attribution and to make reasonable adaptations of Your Content as necessary to render the Website and provide the Service.
E.
Private Repositories

Short version:
You may have access to private repositories.
We treat the content of private repositories as confidential, and we only access it for support reasons, with your consent, or if required to for security reasons.

1.
Control of Private Repositories.
Some Accounts may have private repositories, which allow the User to control access to Content.
2.
Confidentiality of Private Repositories.
GitHub considers the contents of private repositories to be confidential to you.
GitHub will protect the contents of private repositories from unauthorized use, access, or disclosure in the same manner that we would use to protect our own confidential information of a similar nature and in no event with less than a reasonable degree of care.
3.
Access.
GitHub employees may only access the content of your private repositories in the following situations:

With your consent and knowledge, for support reasons.
If GitHub accesses a private repository for support reasons, we will only do so with the owner’s consent and knowledge.
When access is required for security reasons, including when access is required to maintain ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of GitHub's systems and Service.

You may choose to enable additional access to your private repositories.
For example:

You may enable various GitHub services or features that require additional rights to Your Content in private repositories.
These rights may vary depending on the service or feature, but GitHub will continue to treat your private repository Content as confidential.
If those services or features require rights in addition to those we need to provide the GitHub Service, we will provide an explanation of those rights.

4.
Exclusions.
If we have reason to believe the contents of a private repository are in violation of the law or of these Terms, we have the right to access, review, and remove them.
Additionally, we may be compelled by law to disclose the contents of your private repositories.
F.
Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy
If you believe that content on our website violates your copyright, please contact us in accordance with our Digital Millennium Copyright Act Policy.
If you are a copyright owner and you believe that content on GitHub violates your rights, please contact us via our convenient DMCA form or by emailing copyright@github.com.
There may be legal consequences for sending a false or frivolous takedown notice.
Before sending a takedown request, you must consider legal uses such as fair use and licensed uses.
We will terminate the Accounts of repeat infringers of this policy.
G.
Intellectual Property Notice

Short version:
We own the service and all of our content.
In order for you to use our content, we give you certain rights to it, but you may only use our content in the way we have allowed.

1.
GitHub's Rights to Content
GitHub and our licensors, vendors, agents, and/or our content providers retain ownership of all intellectual property rights of any kind related to the Website and Service.
We reserve all rights that are not expressly granted to you under this Agreement or by law.
The look and feel of the Website and Service is copyright © GitHub, Inc.
All rights reserved.
You may not duplicate, copy, or reuse any portion of the HTML/CSS, Javascript, or visual design elements or concepts without express written permission from GitHub.
2.
GitHub Trademarks and Logos
If you’d like to use GitHub’s trademarks, you must follow all of our trademark guidelines, including those on our logos page: https://github.com/logos.
3.
License to GitHub Policies
This Agreement is licensed under this Creative Commons Zero license.
For details, see our site-policy repository.
H.
API Terms

Short version:
You agree to these Terms of Service, plus this Section H, when using any of GitHub's APIs (Application Provider Interface), including use of the API through a third party product that accesses GitHub.

No Abuse or Overuse of the API
Abuse or excessively frequent requests to GitHub via the API may result in the temporary or permanent suspension of your Account's access to the API.
GitHub, in our sole discretion, will determine abuse or excessive usage of the API.
We will make a reasonable attempt to warn you via email prior to suspension.
You may not share API tokens to exceed GitHub's rate limitations.
You may not use the API to download data or Content from GitHub for spamming purposes, including for the purposes of selling GitHub users' personal information, such as to recruiters, headhunters, and job boards.
All use of the GitHub API is subject to these Terms of Service and the GitHub Privacy Statement.
GitHub may offer subscription-based access to our API for those Users who require high-throughput access or access that would result in resale of GitHub's Service.
I.
Additional Terms for GitHub Pages and Learning Lab

Short version:
The GitHub Pages hosting service and GitHub Learning Lab are subject to certain rules, in addition to the rest of the Terms.

1.
GitHub Pages
Each GitHub Account comes with access to the GitHub Pages static hosting service.
This hosting service is intended to host static web pages for All Users.
GitHub Pages are subject to some specific bandwidth and usage limits, and may not be appropriate for some high-bandwidth uses or other prohibited uses.
Please see our GitHub Pages guidelines for more information.
GitHub reserves the right at all times to reclaim any GitHub subdomain without liability.
2.
GitHub Learning Lab
If you decide to purchase and use the GitHub Learning Lab and associated documentation, depending on the nature of your usage, the GitHub Learning Lab Terms and Conditions found at either https://lab.github.com/organizations/terms or https://lab.github.com/terms will apply..
J.
Third Party Applications

Short version:
You need to follow certain rules if you create an application for other Users, and there are additional Terms that cover the Marketplace.

1.
Creating Applications
If you create a third-party application or other developer product that collects User Personal Information or User-Generated Content and integrates with the Service through GitHub's API, OAuth mechanism, or otherwise ("Developer Product"), and make it available for other Users, then you must comply with the following requirements:

You must comply with this Agreement and the GitHub Privacy Statement.
Except as otherwise permitted, such as by law or by a license, you must limit your usage of the User Personal Information or User-Generated Content you collect to that purpose for which the User has authorized its collection.

You must take all reasonable security measures appropriate to the risks, such as against accidental or unlawful destruction, or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, presented by processing the User Personal Information or User-Generated Content.
You must not hold yourself out as collecting any User Personal Information or User-Generated Content on GitHub’s behalf, and provide sufficient notice of your privacy practices to the User, such as by posting a privacy policy.
You must provide Users with a method of deleting any User Personal Information or User-Generated Content you have collected through GitHub after it is no longer needed for the limited and specified purposes for which the User authorized its collection, except where retention is required by law or otherwise permitted, such as through a license.

If you list a Developer Product through GitHub Marketplace, then you must agree to the GitHub Marketplace Developer Agreement, prior to submitting the project to be listed.

2.
Using Third-Party Applications
You may grant a Developer Product authorization to use, access, and disclose the contents of your repositories, including your private repositories.
Some Developer Products are available through GitHub Marketplace.
Some Developer Products can be used for performing automated tasks, and often times multiple Users may direct the actions of a Developer Product.
However, if you purchase and/or set up a Developer Product on your Account, or you are an owner of an Account with an integrated Developer Product, then you will be responsible for the Developer Product's actions that are performed on or through your Account.
Please see our Privacy Statement for more information about how we share data with Developer Products.


GitHub makes no warranties of any kind in relation to Developer Products and is not liable for disclosures to third parties that you authorize to access Your Content.
Your use of any third-party applications is at your sole risk.

If you buy Developer Products through GitHub Marketplace, the GitHub Marketplace Terms of Service controls your purchase.
This Agreement, as well as the GitHub Marketplace Terms of Service, will govern your use of GitHub Marketplace.

K.
Advertising on GitHub

Short version:
We do not generally prohibit use of GitHub for advertising.
However, we expect our users to follow certain limitations, so GitHub does not become a spam haven.
No one wants that.

1.
GitHub Pages
We offer Pages sites primarily as a showcase for personal and organizational projects.
Some monetization efforts are permitted on Pages, such as donation buttons and crowdfunding links.
2.
GitHub Repositories
GitHub repositories are intended to host Content.
You may include static images, links, and promotional text in the README documents associated with your repositories, but they must be related to the project you are hosting on GitHub.
You may not advertise in other Users' repositories, such as by posting monetized or excessive bulk content in issues.
3.
Spamming and Inappropriate Use of GitHub
Advertising Content, like all Content, must not violate the law or these Terms of Use, for example through excessive bulk activity such as spamming.
We reserve the right to remove any advertisements that, in our sole discretion, violate any GitHub terms or policies.
L.
Payment

Short version:
You are responsible for any fees associated with your use of GitHub.
We are responsible for communicating those fees to you clearly and accurately, and letting you know well in advance if those prices change.

1.
Pricing
Our pricing and payment terms are available at github.com/pricing.
If you agree to a subscription price, that will remain your price for the duration of the payment term.
however, prices are subject to change at the end of a payment term.
2.
Upgrades, Downgrades, and Changes

We will immediately bill you when you upgrade from the free plan to any paying plan.
If you change from a monthly billing plan to a yearly billing plan, GitHub will bill you for a full year at the next monthly billing date.
If you upgrade to a higher level of service, we will bill you for the upgraded plan immediately.
You may change your level of service at any time by choosing a plan option or going into your Billing settings.
If you choose to downgrade your Account, you may lose access to Content, features, or capacity of your Account.
Please see our section on Cancellation for information on getting a copy of that Content.

3.
Billing Schedule.
No Refunds

For monthly or yearly payment plans, the Service is billed in advance on a monthly or yearly basis respectively and is non-refundable.
There will be no refunds or credits for partial months of service, downgrade refunds, or refunds for months unused with an open Account.
however, the service will remain active for the length of the paid billing period.
In order to treat everyone equally, no exceptions will be made.

4.
Authorization
By agreeing to these Terms, you are giving us permission to charge your on-file credit card, PayPal account, or other approved methods of payment for fees that you authorize for GitHub.
5.
Responsibility for Payment
You are responsible for all fees, including taxes, associated with your use of the Service.
By using the Service, you agree to pay GitHub any charge incurred in connection with your use of the Service.
If you dispute the matter, contact GitHub Support.
You are responsible for providing us with a valid means of payment for paid Accounts.
Free Accounts are not required to provide payment information.
M.
Cancellation and Termination

Short version:
You may close your Account at any time.
If you do, we'll treat your information responsibly.

1.
Account Cancellation
It is your responsibility to properly cancel your Account with GitHub.
You can cancel your Account at any time by going into your Settings in the global navigation bar at the top of the screen.
The Account screen provides a simple, no questions asked cancellation link.
We are not able to cancel Accounts in response to an email or phone request.
2.
Upon Cancellation
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, but barring legal requirements, we will delete your full profile and the Content of your repositories within 90 days of cancellation or termination (though some information may remain in encrypted backups).
This information can not be recovered once your Account is cancelled.
We will not delete Content that you have contributed to other Users' repositories or that other Users have forked.
Upon request, we will make a reasonable effort to provide an Account owner with a copy of your lawful, non-infringing Account contents after Account cancellation, termination, or downgrade.
You must make this request within 90 days of cancellation, termination, or downgrade.
3.
GitHub May Terminate
GitHub has the right to suspend or terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately.
GitHub reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
4.
Survival
All provisions of this Agreement which, by their nature, should survive termination will survive termination — including, without limitation: ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
N.
Communications with GitHub

Short version:
We use email and other electronic means to stay in touch with our users.

1.
Electronic Communication Required
For contractual purposes, you (1) consent to receive communications from us in an electronic form via the email address you have submitted or via the Service.
and (2) agree that all Terms of Service, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that those communications would satisfy if they were on paper.
This section does not affect your non-waivable rights.
2.
Legal Notice to GitHub Must Be in Writing
Communications made through email or GitHub Support's messaging system will not constitute legal notice to GitHub or any of its officers, employees, agents or representatives in any situation where notice to GitHub is required by contract or any law or regulation.
Legal notice to GitHub must be in writing and served on GitHub's legal agent.
3.
No Phone Support
GitHub only offers support via email, in-Service communications, and electronic messages.
We do not offer telephone support.
O.
Disclaimer of Warranties

Short version:
We provide our service as is, and we make no promises or guarantees about this service.
Please read this section carefully.
you should understand what to expect.

GitHub provides the Website and the Service “as is” and “as available,” without warranty of any kind.
Without limiting this, we expressly disclaim all warranties, whether express, implied or statutory, regarding the Website and the Service including without limitation any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, security, accuracy and non-infringement.
GitHub does not warrant that the Service will meet your requirements.
that the Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free.
that the information provided through the Service is accurate, reliable or correct.
that any defects or errors will be corrected.
that the Service will be available at any particular time or location.
or that the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components.
You assume full responsibility and risk of loss resulting from your downloading and/or use of files, information, content or other material obtained from the Service.
P.
Limitation of Liability

Short version:
We will not be liable for damages or losses arising from your use or inability to use the service or otherwise arising under this agreement.
Please read this section carefully.
it limits our obligations to you.

You understand and agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for any loss of profits, use, goodwill, or data, or for any incidental, indirect, special, consequential or exemplary damages, however arising, that result from

the use, disclosure, or display of your User-Generated Content;
your use or inability to use the Service;
any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service;
the Service generally or the software or systems that make the Service available;
unauthorized access to or alterations of your transmissions or data;
statements or conduct of any third party on the Service;
any other user interactions that you input or receive through your use of the Service.
or
any other matter relating to the Service.

Our liability is limited whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damages, and even if a remedy set forth in this Agreement is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
We will have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond our reasonable control.
Q.
Release and Indemnification

Short version:
You are responsible for your use of the service.
If you harm someone else or get into a dispute with someone else, we will not be involved.

If you have a dispute with one or more Users, you agree to release GitHub from any and all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
You agree to indemnify us, defend us, and hold us harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Website and the Service, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement, provided that GitHub (1) promptly gives you written notice of the claim, demand, suit or proceeding.
(2) gives you sole control of the defense and settlement of the claim, demand, suit or proceeding (provided that you may not settle any claim, demand, suit or proceeding unless the settlement unconditionally releases GitHub of all liability).
and (3) provides to you all reasonable assistance, at your expense.
R.
Changes to These Terms

Short version:
We want our users to be informed of important changes to our terms, but some changes aren't that important — we don't want to bother you every time we fix a typo.
So while we may modify this agreement at any time, we will notify users of any changes that affect your rights and give you time to adjust to them.

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to amend these Terms of Service at any time and will update these Terms of Service in the event of any such amendments.
We will notify our Users of material changes to this Agreement, such as price changes, at least 30 days prior to the change taking effect by posting a notice on our Website.
For non-material modifications, your continued use of the Website constitutes agreement to our revisions of these Terms of Service.
You can view all changes to these Terms in our Site Policy repository.
We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Website (or any part of it) with or without notice.
S.
Miscellaneous
1.
Governing Law
Except to the extent applicable law provides otherwise, this Agreement between you and GitHub and any access to or use of the Website or the Service are governed by the federal laws of the United States of America and the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
You and GitHub agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts located in the City and County of San Francisco, California.
2.
Non-Assignability
GitHub may assign or delegate these Terms of Service and/or the GitHub Privacy Statement, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent, including the license grant in Section D.4.
You may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations under the Terms of Service or Privacy Statement without our prior written consent, and any unauthorized assignment and delegation by you is void.
3.
Section Headings and Summaries
Throughout this Agreement, each section includes titles and brief summaries of the following terms and conditions.
These section titles and brief summaries are not legally binding.
4.
Severability, No Waiver, and Survival
If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion of the Agreement will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent.
The remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.
Any failure on the part of GitHub to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not be considered a waiver of our right to enforce such provision.
Our rights under this Agreement will survive any termination of this Agreement.
5.
Amendments.
Complete Agreement
This Agreement may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized representative of GitHub, or by the posting by GitHub of a revised version in accordance with Section R.
Changes to These Terms.
These Terms of Service, together with the GitHub Privacy Statement, represent the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between you and us.
This Agreement supersedes any proposal or prior agreement oral or written, and any other communications between you and GitHub relating to the subject matter of these terms including any confidentiality or nondisclosure agreements.
6.
Questions
Questions about the Terms of Service? Contact us. 