  

Last Revised: June 27, 2018


PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY, AS IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES.


1.
OVERVIEW

This Domain Name Registration Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into by and between GoDaddy.com, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("GoDaddy") and you, and is made effective as of the date of electronic acceptance.  This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of your use of GoDaddy's Domain Name Registration services (the "Domain Name Registration Services" or the "Services"). The terms "we", "us" or "our" shall refer to GoDaddy.  The terms "you", "your", "User" or "customer" shall refer to any individual or entity who accepts this Agreement.  Unless otherwise specified, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits.
Your electronic acceptance of this Agreement signifies that you have read, understand, acknowledge and agree to be bound by this Agreement, which incorporates by reference each of (i) GoDaddy’s Universal Terms of Service Agreement ("UTOS"), (ii) all agreements, guidelines, policies, practices, procedures, registration requirements or operational standards of the top-level domain ("TLD") in which you register any domain (“Registry Policies”), and (iii) any plan limits, product disclaimers or other restrictions presented to you on the Domain Name Registration Services landing page of the GoDaddy website (this “Site”). 

TO LINK TO AND REVIEW THE REGISTRY POLICIES FOR THE TLD IN WHICH YOU WISH TO REGISTER A DOMAIN NAME, PLEASE CLICK HERE.    
You acknowledge and agree that (i) GoDaddy, in its sole and absolute discretion, may change or modify this Agreement, and any policies or agreements which are incorporated herein, at any time, and such changes or modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting to this Site, and (ii) your use of this Site or the Services found at this Site after such changes or modifications have been made shall constitute your acceptance of this Agreement as last revised.  If you do not agree to be bound by this Agreement as last revised, do not use (or continue to use) this Site or the Services found at this Site.  In addition, GoDaddy may occasionally notify you of changes or modifications to this Agreement by email.  It is therefore very important that you keep your shopper account (“Shopper Account”) information, including your email address, current.  GoDaddy assumes no liability or responsibility for your failure to receive an email notification if such failure results from an inaccurate or out-of-date email address.  GoDaddy is an Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ("ICANN") accredited registrar.  You acknowledge and agree that as an ICANN-accredited registrar, GoDaddy is bound by an agreement with ICANN.
You acknowledge and agree that GoDaddy may modify this Agreement in order to comply with its agreement with ICANN, as well as any other terms and conditions set forth by (i) ICANN and/or (ii) the registry applicable to the TLD or country code top level domain ("ccTLD") in question.
 As used herein, the terms "registry", "Registry", "registry operator" or "Registry Operator" shall refer to the registry applicable to the TLD or ccTLD in question.  To identify the sponsoring registrar, click here.    

2.
PROVISIONS SPECIFIC TO ALL REGISTRATIONS



Unless otherwise noted, the provisions below in this Section 2 are generally applicable to all TLDs that we offer.  Special provisions specific to any TLD or ccTLD (those in addition to posted Registry Policies) are identified elsewhere below in this Agreement. 




Registry Policies.
You agree to be bound by all Registry Policies (defined above in this Agreement) applicable to your domain name registration (at any level). IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO VISIT THE APPLICABLE TLD SITE AND READ AND REVIEW ALL APPLICABLE REGISTRY POLICIES PRIOR TO YOUR REGISTRATION IN THE TLD.  REGISTRY POLICIES FOR EACH TLD CAN BE FOUND BY VISITING THE CORRESPONDING TLD LINK LISTED HERE.  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Registry Operator of the TLD in which the domain name registration is made is and shall be an intended third party beneficiary of this Agreement.
As such the parties to this agreement acknowledge and agree that the third party beneficiary rights of the Registry Operator have vested and that the Registry Operator has relied on its third party beneficiary rights under this Agreement in agreeing to GoDaddy being a registrar for the respective TLD.
The third party beneficiary rights of the Registry Operator will survive any termination of this Agreement.    


Registration Requirements.  To the extent any TLD or ccTLD requires you meet eligibility (e.g., residency for .JP, .EU, etc.), validation (e.g., DNS validation) or other authentication requirements as a condition to registering a domain name in the TLD, you agree that by submitting an application or registering or renewing your domain name, you represent and warrant that: (a) all information provided to register or renew the domain name (including all supporting documents, if any) is true, complete and correct, and is not misleading in any way, and the application is made in good faith.
(b) you meet, and will continue to meet, the eligibility criteria prescribed in the Registry Policies for the applicable TLD for the duration of the domain name registration.
(c) you have not previously submitted an application for the domain name with another registrar using the same eligibility criteria, and the other registrar has rejected the application (if applicable).
(d) you acknowledge and agree that even if the domain name is accepted for registration, your entitlement to register the domain name may be challenged by others who claim to have an entitlement to the domain name.
and (e) you acknowledge and agree that the Registry or the registrar can cancel the registration of the domain name if any of the warranties required are found to be untrue, incomplete, incorrect or misleading.


Ownership.  You acknowledge and agree that registration of a domain name does not create any proprietary right for you, the registrar, or any other person in the name used as a domain name or the domain name registration and that the entry of a domain name in the Registry shall not be construed as evidence or ownership of the domain name registered as a domain name.
You shall not in any way transfer or purport to transfer a proprietary right in any domain name registration or grant or purport to grant as security or in any other manner encumber or purport to encumber a domain name registration.


ICANN Requirements.
You agree to comply with the ICANN requirements, standards, policies, procedures, and practices for which each applicable Registry Operator has monitoring responsibility in accordance with the Registry Agreement between ICANN and itself or any other arrangement with ICANN.
For additional ICANN-related helpful information, please see ICANN Education Materials and ICANN Benefits and Responsibilities.


Indemnification of Registry.  You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless (within 30 days of demand) the Registry Operator and Registry Service Provider and their subcontractors, subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, accountants, attorneys, insurers, agents, predecessors, successors and assigns, from and against any and all claims, demands, damages, losses, costs, expenses, causes of action or other liabilities of any kind, whether known or unknown, including reasonable legal and attorney’s fees and expenses, in any way arising out of, relating to, or otherwise in connection with the your domain name registration, including, without limitation, the use, registration, extension, renewal, deletion, and/or transfer thereof and/or the violation of any applicable terms or conditions governing the registration.
You shall not enter into any settlement or compromise of any such indemnifiable claim without Registrar’s or Registry Operator’s prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, and you agree that these indemnification obligations shall survive the termination or expiration of the Agreement for any reason.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGISTRY OPERATOR BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFIT OR GOODWILL, FOR ANY MATTER, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS ASSERTED ON THE BASIS OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS INCORPORATED AGREEMENTS AND POLICIES YOUR INABILITY TO USE THE DOMAIN NAME, YOUR LOSS OF DATA OR FILES OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE REGISTRY OPERATOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.


Regulated TLDs.   For domain name registration in any “Regulated” TLD, you acknowledge and agree your registration is subject to the following additional requirements: (a) comply with all applicable laws, including those that relate to privacy, data collection, consumer protection (including in relation to misleading and deceptive conduct), fair lending, debt collection, organic farming, disclosure of data, and financial disclosures.
(b) if you collect and maintain sensitive health and financial data you must implement reasonable and appropriate security measures commensurate with the offering of those services, as defined by applicable law.  Regulated TLDs include: 
.games, .juegos, .school, .schule, .toys, .eco, .care, .diet, .fitness, .health, .clinic, .dental, .healthcare, .capital, .cash, .broker, .claims, .exchange, .finance, .financial, .fund, .investments, .lease, .loans, .market, .money, .trading, .credit, .insure, .tax, .mortgage, .degree, .mba, .audio, .book, .broadway, .film, .movie, .music, .software, .fashion, .video, .app, .art, .band, .cloud, .data, .digital, .fan, .free, .gratis, .discount, .sale, .media, .news, .online, .pictures, .radio, .show, .theater, .tours, .accountants, .architect, .associates, .broker, .legal, .realty, .vet, .engineering, .law, .limited, .show.
.theater.
.town, .city, .reise, and .reisen



Highly Regulated TLDs.
In addition to the requirements for Regulated TLDs, domain name registration in any Highly-Regulated TLD is subject to the following requirements: (a) you will provide administrative contact information, which must be kept up‐to‐date, for the notification of complaints or reports of registration abuse, as well as the contact details of the relevant regulatory, or Industry self‐regulatory, bodies in their main place of business.
(b) you represent that you possess any necessary authorizations, charters, licenses and/or other related credentials for participation in the sector associated with such Highly‐regulated TLD.
and (c) you will report any material changes to the validity of you authorizations, charters, licenses and/or other related credentials for participation in the sector associated with the Highly‐regulated TLD to ensure you continue to conform to the appropriate regulations and licensing requirements and generally conduct your activities in the interests of the consumers they serve.  Highly Regulated TLDs include: 

.abogado, .attorney, .bank, .bet, .bingo, .casino .charity (and IDN equivalent xn--30rr7y), .cpa, .corp, creditcard, .creditunion .dds, .dentist, .doctor, .fail, .gmbh, .gripe, .hospital, .inc, .insurance, .lawyer, .lifeinsurance, .llc, .llp, .ltda, .medical, .mutuelle, .pharmacy, .poker, .university, .sarl, .spreadbetting, .srl, .sucks, .surgery .university, .vermogensberater, .vesicherung,  and .wtf.  


For .doctor, registrants who hold themselves out to be licensed medical practitioners must be able to demonstrate to the Registrar and Registry, upon request, that they hold the applicable license.


Special Safeguard TLDs.  In addition to the requirements for Regulated and Highly-Regulated TLDs, by registering a domain name in any “Special-Safeguard” TLD, you agree to take reasonable steps to avoid misrepresenting or falsely implying that you or your business is affiliated with, sponsored or endorsed by one or more country's or government's military forces if such affiliation, sponsorship or endorsement does not exist.  Special Safeguard TLDs include:  
.army, .navy, .airforce



Third Party Beneficiary.  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Registry Operator for any TLD in which your register a domain name is and shall be an intended third party beneficiary of this Agreement.
As such the parties to this agreement acknowledge and agree that the third party beneficiary rights of the Registry Operator have vested and that the Registry Operator has relied on its third party beneficiary rights under this Agreement in agreeing to GoDaddy being a registrar for the TLD.
Third party beneficiary rights of the Registry Operator shall survive any termination of this Agreement.


Variable and Non-Uniform Pricing.  You acknowledge, understand and agree that certain domain names in certain TLDs are established by Registry Policies to be variably priced (i.e., standard v.
premium names) and/or may have non-uniform renewal registration pricing (such that the Fee for a domain name registration renewal may differ from other domain names in the same TLD, e.g., renewal registration for one domain may be $100.00 and $33.00 for a different domain name).


Restriction on Availability of Privacy or Proxy.  You acknowledge and agree that you may not be permitted to purchase private or proxy TLD registrations in certain markets, countries and terrories or for certain TLDs.
In such case, you must register for any and all TLD registrations using your personal information, which information you represent and warrant is current, accurate and complete.



3.
FEES AND PAYMENTS



(A) GENERAL TERMS, INCLUDING AUTOMATIC RENEWAL TERMS


You agree to pay any and all prices and fees due for Services purchased or obtained at this Site at the time you order the Services.  GoDaddy expressly reserves the right to change or modify its prices and fees at any time, and such changes or modifications shall be posted online at this Site and effective immediately without need for further notice to you.  If you have purchased or obtained Services for a period of months or years, changes or modifications in prices and fees shall be effective when the Services in question come up for renewal as further described below. 
Unless otherwise specifically noted (for reasons such as those highlighted in Section 2(x) above), the renewal price for any domain name in any TLD will be the same as the list (non-sale) price shown when you search for and select a domain, and again in the cart prior to purchase.  For example, if the list price is $9.99, and a different renewal price is not specifically identified, then the renewal price is also $9.99
.  Likewise, if a domain name has a sale price of $8.99, with the list (non-sale) price shown (as a strike-through) at $9.99, the renewal price will be $9.99*.  


*Renewal price subject to change prior to actual date of renewal.  


For all other terms and conditions relating to fees, payment, refund and billing, etc.
applicable to the Services offered under the scope of this Agreement, please refer to the “Fees and Payments” section of our UTOS. 


(B) DOMAIN NAME RENEWAL TERMS


When you register a domain name, you will have two renewal options: (i) "Automatic Renewal" (ii) "Extended Automatic Renewal", and (iii) "Manual Renewal": 

Automatic Renewal.  Automatic Renewal is the default setting.
Therefore, unless you select Extended Automatic Renewal, GoDaddy will enroll you in Automatic Renewal.  Domain names will automatically renew, for a period equivalent to the length of your original domain name registration, any domain name that is up for renewal and will take payment from the Payment Method you have on file with GoDaddy, at GoDaddy's then current rates.
Thus, if you have chosen to register your domain name for one (1) year, GoDaddy will automatically renew it for one (1) year.
If you have chosen to register your domain name for two (2) years, GoDaddy will automatically renew it for two (2) years, and so on.
Extended Automatic Renewal.  If you enroll in the Extended Automatic Renewal plan, GoDaddy will automatically renew any domain name that is up for renewal for an additional one-year period on each and every anniversary of your domain name registration, so the initial registration period will always remain intact.  Thus, if you have chosen to register your domain name for two (2) years, GoDaddy will automatically renew it for one (1) additional year on each and every anniversary of your domain name registration so your two (2) year registration period will always remain intact.
If you have chosen to register your domain name for five (5) years, GoDaddy will automatically renew it for one (1) additional year on each and every anniversary of your domain name registration so your five (5) year registration period will always remain intact, and so on.  GoDaddy will take payment from the Payment Method you have on file with GoDaddy, at GoDaddy's then current one-year domain name registration rate.
Manual Renewal.  If you have elected to turn off automatic renewal and cancel the product (i.e., cancel the domain name registration) effective at expiration of the then current term, you may nonetheless elect to manually renew the domain name at anytime prior to its expiration date by logging into your Account Manager and manually implementing the renewal or by calling customer service (should you in fact want the domain name to be renewed).
If you fail to manually implement the renewal before the expiration date, the domain name will be cancelled and you will no longer have use of that name.

All renewals will be subject to the terms of this Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time, and you acknowledge and agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement (as amended) for all renewed domains.  Domain name renewals will be non-refundable.
In the event that we are unable to automatically renew your domain name for the renewal option selected for any reason, we may automatically renew your domain name for a period less than your original registration period to the extent necessary for the transaction to succeed.
If for any reason GoDaddy is not able to take the payment from the Payment Method you have on file, and you fail to respond to our notices, your domain name registration will expire.
It is your responsibility to keep your Payment Method information current, which includes the expiration date if you are using a credit card.
For certain ccTLDs (.am, .at, .be, .br, .ca, .cn, .com.cn, .net.cn, .org.cn, .de, .eu, .fm, .gs, .it, .jp, .ms, .nu, .nz, .co.nz, .net.nz, .org.nz, .tc, .tk, .tw, .com.tw, .org.tw, .idv.tw, .uk, and .vg), renewal billing will occur on the first day of the month prior to the month of expiration.
For certain ccTLDs (.am, .at, .be, .ca, .cn, .com.cn, .net.cn, .org.cn, .de, .eu, .fm, .gs, .it, .jp, .ms, .nu, .nz, .co.nz, .net.nz, .org.nz, .tc, .tk, .tw, .com.tw, .org.tw, .idv.tw, .uk, and .vg), renewal will occur, or must occur manually if the product was previously cancelled, no later than the 20th of the month prior to the expiration date, or your domain name will be placed in non-renewal status.
For some ccTLDs (.es) renewal must be processed no later than seven days before the expiration date, or your domain name will be placed in non-renewal status.  When the domain name is in non-renewal status, you can renew the domain name only by calling GoDaddy and requesting that the domain name be renewed.
You cannot renew the domain name through your Account Manager.
If you fail to manually implement the renewal of any cancelled product before the expiration date, the domain name will be cancelled and you will no longer have use of that name.
You agree that GoDaddy will not be responsible for cancelled domain names that you fail to renew in the timeframes indicated in this Agreement.
In any case, if you fail to renew your domain name in a timely fashion, additional charges may apply.
If you signed up for privacy services, protected registration, or any other similar service, with your domain name registration, these services will automatically be renewed when your domain name registration is up for renewal, and you will incur the applicable additional renewal fee unless you cancel in advance. 
If you fail to renew your domain name in the timeframes indicated in this Agreement, you agree that GoDaddy may, in its sole discretion, renew your expired domain name on your behalf.
If GoDaddy decides to renew your expired domain name on your behalf, you will have a Renewal Grace Period during which you may reimburse GoDaddy for the renewal and keep your domain name.
The Renewal Grace Period is currently twelve (12) days but subject to change under the terms of this Agreement.
For certain ccTLDs (.am, .at, .be, .cn, .com.cn, .net.cn, .org.cn, .de, .eu, .fm, .gs, .it, .jp, .ms, .nu, .nz, .co.nz, .net.nz, .org.nz, .tc, .tk, .tw, .com.tw, .org.tw, .idv.tw, .uk, and .vg) there is no Renewal Grace Period after the expiration date of the domain name.
If you do not reimburse GoDaddy for the renewal during the Renewal Grace Period your domain name will be placed on Hold and flagged for deletion after which you may have up to a 30-day redemption period to redeem your domain name, provided that your domain name is not subject to an expired domain name auction bid and you pay GoDaddy a Redemption fee.
The Redemption fee is currently $80.00 USD and is subject to change under the terms of this Agreement.
If you do not redeem your domain name prior to the end of the 30-day redemption period GoDaddy may, in its sole discretion, delete your domain name or transfer it to another registrant on your behalf.  During the redemption period your domain name may be parked. 
If your domain name is deleted, the Registry also provides a 30-day Redemption Grace Period during which you may pay GoDaddy a redemption fee and redeem your domain name.
The redemption fee is currently $80.00 USD and is subject to change under the terms of this Agreement.
If you do not redeem your domain name prior to the end of the Registry's Redemption Grace Period the Registry will release your name and it will become available for registration on a first-come-first-served basis.
Renewal Grace Periods and Redemption Grace Periods vary for different ccTLDs.
Please refer to the specific terms for the applicable TLD.
In the event there is a conflict between the provisions of this paragraph and the ccTLD terms, the ccTLD terms shall control.




Our registration expiration notification policy and associated fees are described here.




(C) FREE PRODUCT TERMS


In the event you are provided with free products with the registration of a domain name, you acknowledge and agree that such free products will only be available with a valid purchase and may be terminated in the event the domain name is deleted or cancelled.  For free domain names, you acknowledge and agree that you may not change the account associated with such free domain for the first five (5) days after registration.  In the event a free domain name is offered with the registration of another domain and if the paid domain name registered fails, then we may, in its sole discretion, either delete the registration of the free domain or refund the difference between the amount paid and the value of the free domain.  Failed registrations associated with promotionals offers may result in the deletion of the free or discounted item or an adjustment between the registered domain price and the value of the discounted item, in our sole discretion.

4.
TERM OF AGREEMENT.
TRANSFERS.
DOMAIN TASTING

The term of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect as long as you have any domain name registered through GoDaddy.
You agree that you will not transfer any domain name registered through GoDaddy to another domain name registrar during the first sixty (60) days after its initial registration date.  You agree that you may not transfer any domain name for ten (10) days after a Change of Account.
You further agree that you will not engage in "domain tasting" by using the five (5) day grace period in which a registrant may choose to cancel a domain name and get a full refund of the registration fee as a vehicle to test the marketability or viability of a domain name.  If GoDaddy determines (which determination shall be made by GoDaddy in its sole and absolute discretion) that you have been engaging in "domain tasting", then GoDaddy reserves the right to (a) charge you a small fee (which fee shall be deducted from any refund issued) or (b) refuse your cancellation/refund request altogether.
GoDaddy will not charge you a fee if GoDaddy cancels your domain name during the five (5) day grace period due to fraud or other activity outside of your control.
The five (5) day grace period does not apply to Premium Domains, which are non-refundable.
You agree that GoDaddy shall not be bound by (i) any representations made by third parties who you may use to purchase services from GoDaddy, or (ii) any statements of a general nature, which may be posted on GoDaddy's website or contained in GoDaddy's promotional materials.

5.
UP TO DATE INFORMATION.
USE OF INFORMATION AND EXPIRATION

You agree to notify GoDaddy within five (5) business days when any of the information you provided as part of the application and/or registration process changes.
It is your responsibility to keep this information in a current and accurate status.
Failure by you, for whatever reason, to provide GoDaddy with accurate and reliable information on an initial and continual basis, shall be considered to be a material breach of this Agreement and a basis for suspension and/or cancellation of the domain name.
Failure by you, for whatever reason, to respond within five (5) business days to any inquiries made by GoDaddy to determine the validity of information provided by you, shall also be considered to be a material breach of this Agreement and a basis for suspension and/or cancellation of the domain name.
You agree to retain a copy for your record of the receipt for purchase of your domain name.
You agree that for each domain name registered by you, the following contact data is required: postal address, email address, telephone number, and if available, a facsimile number for the Registered Name Holder and, if different from the Registered Name Holder, the same contact information for, a technical contact, an administrative contact and a billing contact.
You acknowledge and agree that domain name registration requires that this contact information, in whole or in part, be shared with the registry operator, for their use, copying, distribution, publication, modification and other processing  for (among other uses in accordance with our Privacy Policy) the purpose of administration of the domain name registration, which may require such information be transferred back and forth across international borders, to and from the U.S.
to the EU, for example.
As required by ICANN, this information must also be made publicly available by means of Whois, and that the registry operator may also be required to make this information publicly available by Whois.
Both GoDaddy and the registry operator may be required to archive this information with a third-party escrow service.
You hereby consent and give permission for all such requirements and disclosures.
Further, you represent and warrant that, if you are providing information about a third party, you have notified the third party of the disclosure and the purpose for the disclosure and you have obtained the third party's consent to such disclosure.  Registrar will not process data in a way that is incompatible with this Agreement.  Registrar will take reasonable precautions to protect data from loss or misuse.
You agree that for each domain name registered by you the following information will be made publicly available in the Whois directory as determined by ICANN Policy and may be sold in bulk as set forth in the ICANN agreement:

The domain name;
Your name and postal address;
The name, email address, postal address, voice and fax numbers for technical and administrative contacts;
The Internet protocol numbers for the primary and secondary name servers;
The corresponding names of the name servers.
and
The original date of registration and expiration date.
Name of primary name server and secondary name server.
Identity of the registrar.

You agree that, to the extent permitted by ICANN, GoDaddy may make use of the publicly available information you provided during the registration process.
If you engage in the reselling of domain names you agree to provide any individuals whose personal information you've obtained, information about the possible uses of their personal information pursuant to ICANN policy.
You also agree to obtain consent, and evidence of consent, from those individuals for such use of the personal information they provide.
You agree that GoDaddy has the right to make public and share with third parties certain information in connection with the sale or purchase of domain names on the website, including but not limited to (a) the name of the domain name sold or purchased, (b) the sale or purchase price of the domain name sold or purchased, and (c) information relating to the timing of the sale or purchase.


In order for us to comply with any current or future rules and policies for domain name systems including any rules or policies established by the CIRA or any provincial or federal government or by other organization having control or authority to establish rules or policies, you hereby grant to us the right to disclose to third parties through an interactive publicly accessible registration database the following information that you are required to provide when applying for a domain name:

The domain or sub-domain name(s) registered by you;
Your organization name, type and postal address;
The name(s), position(s), postal address(es), e-mail address(es), voice telephone number(s) and where available the fax number(s) of the technical and administrative contacts for your domain or sub-domain name(s);
The full hostnames and Internet protocol (IP) addresses of at least two (2) name server hosts (one primary and at least one secondary) for your domain or sub-domain name.
Up to six (6) name servers may be specified.
If a host has more than one (1) IP address, use a comma-separated list;
The corresponding names of those name servers;
The original creation date of the registration.
and
The expiration date of the registration.

We may be required to make this information available in bulk form to third parties.
We may also transfer or assign this information to CIRA or such other third party as we may decide, in our sole discretion.


6.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION POLICY

You agree to be bound by our current Dispute Resolution Policy.
This policy is incorporated herein and made a part of this Agreement.
You can view the Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy online.
You agree that GoDaddy may from time to time modify its Dispute Resolution Policy.
GoDaddy will post any changes to its Dispute Resolution Policy at least thirty (30) days before they become effective.
You agree that by maintaining your domain name registrations with GoDaddy after the updated policy becomes effective that you agree to the Dispute Resolution policy as amended.
You agree to review GoDaddy's website periodically to determine if changes have been made to the Dispute Resolution Policy.
If you cancel or terminate your Services with GoDaddy as a result of the modified Dispute Resolution policy, no fees will be refunded to you. You also agree to submit to proceedings commenced under ICANN's Uniform Rapid Suspension System, if applicable. 
You agree that if a dispute arises as a result of one (1) or more domain names you have registered using GoDaddy, you will indemnify, defend and hold GoDaddy harmless as provided for in this Agreement.
You also agree that if GoDaddy is notified that a complaint has been filed with a governmental, administrative or judicial body, regarding a domain name registered by you using GoDaddy, that GoDaddy, in its sole discretion, may take whatever action GoDaddy deems necessary regarding further modification, assignment of and/or control of the domain name deemed necessary to comply with the actions or requirements of the governmental, administrative or judicial body until such time as the dispute is settled.
In this event you agree to hold GoDaddy harmless for any action taken by GoDaddy.
You agree to submit, without prejudice to other potentially applicable jurisdictions, to the jurisdiction of the courts (1) of your domicile, (2) where registrar is located or (3) where the registry operator is located (e.g., China for .CN, Columbia for .CO, UK for .EU, etc.).


In the case of .ca domain names, you agree that, if your use of the service or the registration of a .ca domain name is challenged by a third party, you will be subject to the provisions specified by CIRA in their dispute resolution policy, in effect at the time of the dispute.



7.
TRANSFER OF DOMAIN NAMES.
RESALE PRACTICES

If you transfer any domain name, you agree to provide the information required by, and to abide by, the procedures and conditions set forth in our Domain Name Transfer Agreement and Change of Registrant Agreement.
You may view the latest versions of our Domain Name Transfer Agreement and Change of Registrant Agreementonline.
In order to further protect your domain name, any domain name registered with GoDaddy or transferred to GoDaddy shall be placed on lock status, unless an opted-out has occurred as defined in our Change of Registrant Agreement or Domain Name Proxy Agreement.
The domain name must be placed on unlock status in order to initiate a transfer of the domain name away from GoDaddy to a new Registrar.
You may log into your account with GoDaddy at any time after your domain name has been successfully transferred to GoDaddy, and change the status to unlock.
In the event you are purchasing a domain name on behalf of a third party, you agree to inform any customer of yours, who may be acquiring a domain name through you using GoDaddy's registration services, that they are in fact registering their domain name through GoDaddy and that GoDaddy is an accredited registrar with ICANN.
You agree not to represent that you are an ICANN-accredited registrar or that you are in any way providing superior access to the ICANN Domain Name Registry.
You also agree not to use the ICANN trademark logo in any of your promotional materials including your website.
You agree to obtain each of your customers' acceptances to the then current version of this Agreement, and to retain evidence of their acceptance for a period of not less than three (3) years.
Should you require that your customers accept additional terms and conditions that are not required by GoDaddy, you agree that such additional terms and conditions shall not conflict with this Agreement and the policies and procedures adopted by ICANN.
You agree that GoDaddy is not lending you access to its registrar connections or its registry access, nor will you be deemed to be a registrar in your own right.
Furthermore, you agree you will not attempt to gain access to GoDaddy's registrar connections or registry access.
You agree to provide complete, accurate and current data for each registrant to be added to a registry in accordance with ICANN requirements for inclusion in the Whois database.
You agree to provide your customers with adequate customer support, and to maintain contact with them with regard to providing a medium for them to communicate changes in the information they provided as part of the domain name registration process.
Upon receiving corrected or updated information you will, within five (5) business days, provide such information to GoDaddy so GoDaddy may update its registration records.
You will retain copies of all communications between you and your customers and will upon request provide GoDaddy copies of same.

8.
YOUR OBLIGATIONS.
SUSPENSION OF SERVICES.
BREACH OF AGREEMENT

You represent and warrant to the best of your knowledge that, neither the registration of the domain nor the manner it is directly or indirectly used, infringes the legal rights of any third party.  You will comply with all applicable laws, including, but not limited to those relating to privacy, data collection, consumer protection, fair lending, debt collection, organic farming, and disclosure of data and financial disclosures.  If you collect and maintain sensitive health and financial data, you must implement reasonable and appropriate security measures commensurate with the offering of those services, as defined by applicable law.  You represent that you possess any necessary authorization, charter, license, and/or other related credential for participation in the sector associated with the associated registry tld string.  You will report any material changes to the validity of your authorization, charter, license, and/or other related credential.
You will indemnify and hold harmless the registrar and registry operator, and their directors, officers, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses) arising out of or related to the domain name registration.  This obligation shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement or the domain name registration.
You agree that, in addition to other events set forth in this Agreement:

Your ability to use any of the services provided by GoDaddy is subject to cancellation or suspension in the event there is an unresolved breach of this Agreement and/or suspension or cancellation is required by any policy now in effect or adopted later by ICANN;
Your registration of any domain names shall be subject to suspension, cancellation or transfer pursuant to any ICANN adopted specification or policy, or pursuant to any GoDaddy procedure not inconsistent with an ICANN adopted specification or policy (a) to correct mistakes by GoDaddy or the registry operator in registering any domain name.
or (b) for the resolution of disputes concerning any domain name.

You acknowledge and agree that GoDaddy and registry reserve the right to deny, cancel or transfer any registration or transaction, or place any domain name(s) on lock, hold or similar status, as either deems necessary, in the unlimited and sole discretion of either GoDaddy or the registry: (i) to comply with specifications adopted by any industry group generally recognized as authoritative with respect to the Internet (e.g., RFCs), (ii) to protect the integrity and stability of, and correct mistakes made by, any domain name registry or registrar, (iii) for the non-payment of fees to registry, (iv) to protect the integrity and stability of the registry, (v) to comply with any applicable court orders, laws, government rules or requirements, requests of law enforcement, or any dispute resolution process, (vi) to comply with any applicable ICANN rules or regulations, including without limitation, the registry agreement, (vii) to avoid any liability, civil or criminal, on the part of registry operator, as well as its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, and employees, (viii) per the terms of this Agreement, (ix) following an occurrence of any of the prohibited activities described in Section 8 below, or (x) during the resolution of a dispute.
You agree that your failure to comply completely with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any GoDaddy rule or policy may be considered by GoDaddy to be a material breach of this Agreement and GoDaddy may provide you with notice of such breach either in writing or electronically (i.e.
email).
In the event you do not provide GoDaddy with material evidence that you have not breached your obligations to GoDaddy within ten (10) business days, GoDaddy may terminate its relationship with you and take any remedial action available to GoDaddy under the applicable laws.
Such remedial action may be implemented without notice to you and may include, but is not limited to, cancelling the registration of any of your domain names and discontinuing any services provided by GoDaddy to you.
No fees will be refunded to you should your Services be cancelled or terminated because of a breach.
GoDaddy's failure to act upon or notify you of any event, which may constitute a breach, shall not relieve you from or excuse you of the fact that you have committed a breach.

9.
RESTRICTION OF SERVICES.
RIGHT OF REFUSAL

If you are hosting your domain name system (“DNS”) on GoDaddy’s servers, or are using our systems to forward a domain name, URL, or otherwise to a system or site hosted elsewhere, or if you have your domain name registered with GoDaddy, you are responsible for ensuring there is no excessive overloading on GoDaddy’s servers.
You may not use GoDaddy’s servers and your domain name as a source, intermediary, reply to address, or destination address for mail bombs, Internet packet flooding, packet corruption, or other abusive attack.
Server hacking or other perpetration of security breaches is prohibited.
You agree that GoDaddy reserves the right to deactivate your domain name from its DNS if GoDaddy deems it is the recipient of activities caused by your site that threaten the stability of its network.
You agree that GoDaddy, in its sole discretion and without liability to you, may refuse to accept the registration of any domain name.
GoDaddy also may in its sole discretion and without liability to you delete the registration of any domain name during the first thirty (30) days after registration has taken place.
In the event GoDaddy refuses a registration or deletes an existing registration during the first thirty (30) days after registration, you will receive a refund of any fees paid to GoDaddy in connection with the registration either being cancelled or refused.
In the event GoDaddy deletes the registration of a domain name being used in association with spam or morally objectionable activities, no refund will be issued.

10.
DEFAULT SETTINGS.
PARKED PAGE

Choosing Your Domain Name Settings.  When you register a domain name with GoDaddy, you will be prompted to choose your domain name settings during the checkout process.  If you plan on using another provider for your website or hosting needs, then you should enter the name servers of such provider when you choose your domain name settings.  This will direct your domain name away from GoDaddy’s name servers.  If you are an existing GoDaddy customer and have already set up a customer profile designating your domain name settings for new domain name registrations, you will not need to complete this step again during the checkout process.
  
GoDaddy’s Default Settings.  If you do not direct your domain name away from GoDaddy’s name servers as described above, GoDaddy will direct your domain name to a “Parked Page” (“Default Setting”).  You acknowledge and agree that GoDaddy has the right to set the Default Setting. 
Parked Page Default Setting.  GoDaddy’s Parked Page service is an online domain monetization system designed to generate revenue (through the use of pay per click advertising) from domain names that are not actively being used as websites.  If your domain name is directed to a Parked Page, you acknowledge and agree that GoDaddy may display both (a) in-house advertising (which includes links to GoDaddy products and services) and (b) third-party advertising (which includes links to third-party products and services) on your Parked Page through the use of pop-up or pop-under browser windows, banner advertisements, audio or video streams, or any other advertising means, and we may aggregate for our own use, related usage data by means of cookies and other similar means.  In addition, you acknowledge and agree that all in-house and third-party advertising will be selected by GoDaddy and its advertising partners, as appropriate, and you will not be permitted to customize the advertising, or entitled to any compensation in exchange therefor.  Please note that the third-party advertising displayed on GoDaddy’s Parked Pages may contain content offensive to you, including but not limited to links to adult content.  GoDaddy makes no effort to edit, control, monitor, or restrict the content and third-party advertising displayed on GoDaddy’s Parked Pages, and expressly disclaims any liability or responsibility to you or any third party in connection therewith.
Changing GoDaddy’s Default Settings.  You may change GoDaddy’s Default Settings at any time during the term of your domain name registration.

Content Displaying On Your Parked Page.  You can not modify the content displaying on your Parked Page.  You may select one of the other options listed below.
Participating In Domain Name Monetization.  If you wish to participate in the domain monetization potential presented by GoDaddy’s Parked Page service, please review and consider purchasing our CashParking® service.   
No Content.  If the options listed above are not acceptable to you, please contact customer support to learn what other options might be available to you.

Return To Parked Page Default Setting Upon Domain Name Expiration.  Upon domain name expiration, and regardless of how you use your domain name during the term of your domain name registration, your domain name will automatically return to the Parked Page Default Setting described above.  As used in this paragraph, “expiration” is deemed to include any “renewal period” or “redemption period” immediately after the domain name expires, but before the domain name is returned to the registry.  Once your domain name has returned to the Parked Page Default Setting described above, the only way to opt out of the Parked Page service is to renew, redeem, or re-register your domain name in accordance with Section 2(B), Domain Name Renewal Terms, of this Agreement.   

11.
DOMAIN ADD-ONS


Business Registration:  Business registration allows You to display additional information about the business that is the basis of Your domain name, including, but not limited to, such information as Your fax number, street address, and hours of operation.


Certified Domains.  The certified domain service generally allow You to: (i) put a Certified Domain Validation seal on Your website.
and (ii) have Your domain name listed as "Certified", in WHOIS lookups on our website.
  The Certified Domain Validation seal renews independently of Your domain.
When You renew Your domain, You must also, when necessary, separately renew Your Certified Validation seal.
However, the Certified Domain Validation seal can be cancelled independently of Your domain.
If the domain is cancelled, the Certified Domain associated with the cancelled domain will automatically cancel.  The Certified Domain seal is a trademark and is protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You may use the Certified Domain seal only in conjunction with the purchase of the Services set forth in the Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof.
Other than provided for in this Agreement, You may not otherwise use, reproduce, or modify the mark for any additional promotional use, without our prior written approval.
Your right to the use of the Certified Domain seal is immediately terminated upon expiration or termination of this Agreement.

Expiration Consolidation.  You understand and acknowledge the expiration consolidation service may only be used to consolidate the expiration of .com and .net domain names.
The service may not be used to consolidate domains that are on Registrar HOLD, Registry HOLD, or pending Transfer status.
You acknowledge the service may only be used to push the expiration date of Your domains forward in time, at least one (1) month forward and no more than ten (10) years forward, and then, only for a period lasting less than twelve (12) months.
Once the service has been used to consolidate domains, the new expiration date may not be reversed.
To ensure the service is not abused or used as an alternative to renewals, you may only use the service on each domain once in any 12-month period.
The service may only be used on domain names that have not passed their expiration date.
In order to change the expiration date again, You will be required to renew the domain name first.  You further understand and acknowledge the service may only be used to coordinate domains where we are the registrar of record.
Domains not registered with us must be transferred before we can perform the Service. 
 Discount Domain Club.  In exchange for purchasing a Discount Domain Club membership, You will be able to purchase discounted products and services from us, including discounts on selected domain registrations, one (1) free Auctions account, one (1) free CashParking account, and discounts on Domain Buy Service.
You are required to keep Your membership current as long as You have free or discounted products or services that are purchased with us.
If You fail to renew Your membership, without canceling Your discounted domain registration or other services, we will automatically renew Your products and services at the regular pricing in effect at the time of renewal, charging the Payment Method on file for You, and You will be unable to purchase any more discounted products or services, or use Your free accounts until the Membership Agreement fee has been paid.
All membership fees are non-refundable.

Backordering/Monitoring.  You agree a domain name that has expired shall be subject first to a grace period of twelve (12) days, followed by the ICANN-mandated redemption grace period of thirty (30) days.
During this period of time, the current domain name registrant may renew the domain name and retain registration rights.
We do not guarantee your backorder will result in you obtaining the domain name and expressly reserves the right to (a) refuse additional backorders or (b) cancel existing backorders at any time for any reason.  If your backorder is refused or cancelled, we agree to promptly refund any fees paid for such domain name backorder.
The domain name may also be placed in a secondary market for resale through the Auctions® service.  After your first year of Auctions membership, you agree that unless otherwise advised, we will automatically renew your Auctions membership using the payment method you have on file for so long as your backorder credit is active.
You may learn more about Auctions by visiting the Auctions website.
The domain name may also be subject to a drop pool process before it is available for purchasing.
You understand we and our registrar affiliates use our services, including backordering.  Therefore, the domain name may be registered with a different registrar, but can be managed through your account.  By using the Services, you will be able to, among other things:

Backorder any domain name under the top level domains .COM, .NET, .US, .BIZ, .INFO, .ORG, .MOBI.
A backorder for a domain name will include the price of up to a one-year domain name registration.
Should you successfully backorder any domain name, you will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Domain Name Registration and related agreements, which are incorporated herein by reference.
Change your backorder until you obtain a domain name.
You will have the opportunity to change the credit to a different domain name until you successfully capture one.
After three (3) years, if the credit is not used, we reserves the right to remove the credit.
Subscribe monthly to an expiring domain name list.
You may also choose to purchase a subscription to a list of domain names expiring within the next five (5) days.
If you subscribe to the expiring domain name list, you agree the payment method you have on file may be charged on a monthly subscription basis for the term of the Services you purchase.
Select domain names off the expiring domain name list you would like to register.
Each domain name you attempt to backorder will include the price of up to a one-year domain name registration, as set forth in subsection (i) above.
Monitor your currently registered domain names for changes in registrar, status, expiration date or name servers at no additional cost.
Subscribe to Domain Alert Pro or monitoring, which enables you to monitor any currently registered domain name, regardless of registrar, for historical tracking of status changes and designation of multiple email notification addresses.


Registration Rights Protection.  The Rights Protection Service (“the Service”) generally allows You to: (i) protect against losing a domain name.
(ii) disallow the transfer of a domain name from registrar to registrar or registrant to registrant while this Service is active on that name.
and (iii) receive an annual domain name report detailing the status of all domain names protected under this Service.
THE SERVICE WILL NOT, HOWEVER, PREVENT TRANSFERS RESULTING FROM THE SALE OF PREMIUM DOMAIN NAMES OR FROM YOUR ACTION OF LISTING A DOMAIN NAME FOR SALE ON ANY OF GODADDY’S PLATFORMS, REGARDLESS OF WHEN YOU PURCHASED REGISTATION RIGHTS PROTECTION SERVICE.
Once You have elected to purchase the Service for any and all domain names, the automatic renewal function will be activated for each domain name and those names will not be transferable until the renewal of the Service or until you sell the Premium domain name.
Accordingly, You acknowledge and agree You have carefully considered the implications accompanying the purchase of the Service and understand the restrictions the Service will place upon Your ability to transfer any domain names for which You have purchased the Service.
You further acknowledge and agree any domain name for which You have purchased the Service will not be transferable for any reason, with the exception of selling Premium domain names, until the next regularly occurring renewal of such domain name, provided, You have previously elected to deactivate the Service for that particular domain name, which deactivation may not occur until the expiration of the current term of the Service.
By way of example and not as a limitation, if You elect to purchase the Service for a domain name, which You have registered for a period of five (5) years, the Service will remain active for the same five (5) year period and You will not be able to engage in any transfer of that domain name during such five (5) year period.


 Premium Domain Names. 
1.
Description of Service.  The Premium Domain Name service (“Service”) is provided to facilitate the buying and selling of currently registered domain names.
We provide a venue and a transaction facilitation process.
We are not an auctioneer or an escrow agent. We are not in custody of all of the domain names listed on the web site.
As result, we have no control over the quality, safety or legality of the domain names listed.
Domain names listed may be withdrawn at any time by the seller or by us.  We act as a transaction facilitator to help You make and receive payments from third parties. We are not an escrow agent, rather we act as Your agent based upon Your direction and requests to use the Services that require us to perform tasks on Your behalf.
We will not use Your funds for its operating expenses or any other corporate purposes, and will not voluntarily make funds available to its creditors in the event of bankruptcy or for any other purpose.
You acknowledge we are not a bank and the Service is a payment processing service rather than a banking service.
You further acknowledge we are not acting as a trustee, fiduciary or escrow with respect to Your funds.  In all transactions, where the domain name is registered to us, domain names purchased through the Service may not be transferred away from us to another registrar for a period of sixty (60) days following the change of registrant date.
2.
Your Obligations.

Listing Domain Names. You may use the Services to list domain names to which You: (i) have registration rights for sale.
and (ii) are able to transfer in accordance with Your obligations under this Agreement.
By using the Services for such purposes, You represent and warrant that: (i) You have all rights, titles and interests in the domain name necessary to complete the transaction.
(ii) the domain name does not infringe on the intellectual property rights of anyone else.
(iii) You have the right to transfer the domain name in accordance with Your obligations under this Agreement.
and (iv) any Registration Rights Protection service that is present on the domain will not prevent you from listing the domain name and having its registration rights transferred away from You.
 You further agree the domain name is not currently or will not in the foreseeable future be associated with a Uniform Dispute Resolution Policy Dispute or other such litigation.
In the event You are unable to comply or fail to comply with Your obligations under this Agreement, we expressly reserves the right to delist any or all of Your domain names immediately upon becoming aware of Your failure to comply.  You may list Your domain name for any duration offered on the web site.
You agree to pay the listing fee associated with the duration period You choose at the time of the listing.
You may choose to supplement the listing with various additional services provided, if any.
By using the additional services, You agree to pay any additional charges we may associate with the additional services.
We reserve the right to modify its pricing structure at any time.
If You find a Buyer using the Services, the transaction must be completed within the Services.
For each transaction completed within the Services, You agree to pay us a transaction fee according to the fee schedule published on the site.
Such transaction fee will be payable directly to us.
You agree not to sell the domain name to any Buyer found through the Services without using the Services to complete the transaction.
Should we find You are circumventing the Services, we reserve the right to terminate Your account and cancel all of Your listings.  In the event that you update your sale price, you acknowledge and agree that it may take up to 24 hours to update the price shown to buyers.  In the event your domain name sells prior to the price being updated on the website, you agree that the price listed will be enforced.

Purchasing Domain Names. As a Buyer, You are obligated to complete the transaction if You purchase the domain name.
You acknowledge that some listed domain names may be subject to an additional registration fee.
For those domain names, the registration fee will be added to the price to form the purchase price.
You agree that by completing the transaction, You are responsible for payment of the registration fee.
By initiating and sending payments through the Service, You appoint us as Your agent to obtain the funds on Your behalf and transfer them to the recipient You designate.
We will obtain the funds first by the Payment Method You have designated.
If there are insufficient funds or invalid credit card information, we may obtain the remaining funds by charging any Payment Method You have on file.
Once You send payment, we will hold those funds as Your agent for a prescribed period of time based on the type of transaction, at which time we will release the funds to the Seller.
At no time will You be able to withdraw those funds or send the funds to another recipient unless the initial transaction is canceled.
Should the Seller refuse payment, the funds, minus the administration fee as outlined in the pricing structure, will be returned to You.
You agree that we are not responsible for payments refused by Seller.

Transfer of Registration Rights. We are not the registrant of all of the domain names listed on the Site and cannot guarantee immediate transfer.
For domain names in which we are the registrant, transfer of registration will begin upon completion of the check out procedure.
Further, the transfer by us of any domain name to a buyer is done without warranty and we expressly waive any and all warranties or representations that a domain name does not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of a third party.
Any Registration Rights Protection service that is present on the domain will not prevent you from listing the domain name and having the registration rights transferred away from You.

Selling Domain Names. As a Seller, You are obligated to complete the transaction if the Buyer commits to purchase the domain.
By receiving payments through the Service, You appoint us as Your Agent to receive and deposit funds on Your behalf.
You must, at the time of listing of Your domain name, establish a payee account.
Payments for completed domain name sales will be credited to Your payee account.  After a fraud holding period, if no fraud has been detected, your funds will be paid according to the payment method you select in your payee account.  Typically, payments are made as follows:
       Electronic (ACH) — Processed the same day as funds are released and remitted within two business        days, depending on your financial institution
       PayPal® — Processed the same day funds are released and remitted within one business day
       Good As Gold — Processed the same day funds are released and remitted within one business day
       Check — Processed weekly and mailed to you within 9 business days
If you do not have a payee account, we will process payment by check by default.  You will be charged a $25.00 processing fee for all check payments.
You hereby authorize us to initiate and post credit (positive) entries for payments to the payee account.
You understand the amount initiated and posted to the payee account will represent payment for domain names sold using the Service, less any applicable fees and/or charge backs. You hereby authorize us to initiate and post debit (negative) entries to the payee account to reverse erroneous payments and/or make adjustments to incorrect payments.
The authority granted to us by the payee account owner herein will remain in full force and effect until we have received written notification from the payee account owner that such authority has been revoked, but in any event, such writing shall be provided in such a manner as to afford us a reasonable opportunity to act on such revocation, or until we have sent notice to terminate this Agreement.
In the event of a payment charge back, we will deduct the amount of the payment from Seller's payment method on file.
In the event that chargeback experience is high, as determined by us, we reserve the right to hold back twenty percent (20%) of all Seller's payments for ninety (90) days from the date the payment was to be paid.


Transfer Validation. The transfer validation service is provided to help You keep Your domain name secure.
By choosing to use the service, You are making an explicit and voluntary request to us to deny all attempts to transfer Your domain name to another registrar, or to move Your domain name to another account, unless You verify each request as described herein.
You will provide us with a contact name, phone number and PIN for domain transfer validations.
You will be contacted by us when a domain transfer is requested for a domain name in Your account.
When we receive a transfer request, we will call You to verify the transfer request.
If we cannot reach You with seventy-two (72) hours of receipt of the transfer request, the transfer will be denied.
If You do not provide the proper PIN, the transfer will be denied.
When we receive a change of account request, we will call You to verify the change request.
If we cannot reach You with seventy-two (72) hours of receipt of the change request, the change will be denied.
If You do not provide the proper PIN, the change will be denied.
Availability of Services are subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and each of our policies and procedures.
We shall use commercially reasonable efforts to attempt to provide certain portions of the Services on a twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week basis throughout the term of this Agreement and other portions of the service, during normal business hours.
You acknowledge and agree that from time to time the Services may be inaccessible or inoperable for any reason, including, without limitation: (i) equipment malfunctions.
(ii) periodic maintenance procedures or repairs that we may undertake from time to time.
or (iii) causes beyond the reasonable control of us or that are not reasonably foreseeable by us, including, without limitation, interruption or failure of telecommunication or digital transmission links, hostile network attacks, network congestion or other failures.
You acknowledge and agree that we has no control over the availability of the service on a continuous or uninterrupted basis.
 Total/Premium DNS.  Total DNS is a complete Domain Name System (“DNS”) tool that allows you to manage your DNS and keep your website and web-based applications available and performing reliably.  The service is provided “as is”, “as available”, and “with all faults”, and we assume no liability or responsibility regarding the same.
In addition, you specifically acknowledge and agree that we shall have no liability or responsibility for any:

Service interruptions caused by periodic maintenance, repairs or replacements of the  Global Nameserver Infrastructure (defined below) that we may undertake from time to time;
Service interruptions caused by you from custom scripting, coding, programming or configurations;
Service interruptions caused by you from the installation of third-party applications;
Service interruptions that do not prevent visitors from accessing your website, but merely affect your ability to make changes to your website, including but not limited to, changes via mechanisms such as file transfer protocol (“FTP”) and email.
or
Service interruptions beyond the reasonable control of us or that are not reasonably foreseeable by us, including, but not limited to, power outages, interruption or failure of telecommunication or digital transmission links, hostile network attacks, network congestion or other failures.

Subject to the provisions of Force Majeure below, we offer a service uptime guarantee (“Service Uptime Guarantee”) for paid services of 99.999% availability (defined below).  You shall receive service credits for any Outage (defined below) of the service covered by the Service Uptime Guarantee.  The service credits shall be applied as extensions to the terms of the affected Service.  The Service Uptime Guarantee shall become effective fourteen (14) days after your purchase of the Service covered by the Service Uptime Guarantee to allow both parties time to properly configure and test the Service. 

Definitions.  For the purposes of the Service Uptime Guarantee, the following definitions shall apply:

“Global Nameserver Infrastructure”:  The group of systems (servers, hardware, and associated software) that are responsible for delivering the Services.
The Global Nameserver Infrastructure does not include web-based user interfaces, zone transfer mechanisms, update systems, or other customer-accessible data access or manipulation methods.
“99.999% availability”:  A guarantee that the Global Nameserver Infrastructure shall be available to respond to DNS queries 99.999% of the time. 
“Outage”:  A period in which the Global Nameserver Infrastructure did not maintain 99.999% availability.


Exclusions.  For the purposes of the Service Uptime Guarantee, downtime due to the following events shall not be considered an Outage:

Service interruptions caused by “Regularly Scheduled Maintenance”, which shall be defined as any maintenance performed on the Global Nameserver Infrastructure of which customer is notified twenty-four (24) hours in advance.
 Email notice of Regularly Scheduled Maintenance shall be provided to customer’s designated email address;
Service interruptions caused by you from custom scripting, coding, programming or configurations;
Service interruptions caused by you from the installation of third-party applications;
Service interruptions that do not prevent visitors from accessing your website, but merely affect your ability to make changes to your website, including but not limited to, changes via mechanisms such as file transfer protocol (“FTP”) and email.
or
Service interruptions beyond the reasonable control of us or that are not reasonably foreseeable by us, including, but not limited to, power outages, interruption or failure of telecommunication or digital transmission links, hostile network attacks, network congestion or other failures.

We, in our sole and absolute discretion, shall determine whether an event shall be considered an Outage.

Remedies.  For the purposes of the Service Uptime Guarantee, when the customer becomes aware of an Outage, the customer shall open a ticket with our technical support services within five (5) calendar days of the Outage.  If we determine that an Outage did occur, then the customer shall receive a service credit in the amount of two (2) months for any affected Services.  The service credit shall be applied as an extension to the term of the affected Services.  A customer’s Account shall not be credited more than once per month under the Service Uptime Guarantee.
 
To qualify for a service credit, you must have a current and valid subscription to the Services affected, and must have an Account in good standing with us.  Service credits will not apply to any charges or Services other than the Services for which the Service Uptime Guarantee was not met.  Customers with subscriptions for more than one Service will not receive credits for unaffected Services.
 The remedies set forth herein shall be the sole and exclusive remedies if we do not meet the Service Uptime Guarantee.
In the event either party is unable to carry out its material obligations under this Agreement by reason of Force Majeure those obligations will be suspended during the continuance of the Force Majeure, provided the cause of the Force Majeure is remedied as quickly as practicable.
The term “Force Majeure” means any event caused by occurrences beyond a party’s reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, fire or flood, war, terrorism, governmental regulations, policies or actions enacted or taken subsequent to execution of this Agreement, or any labor, telecommunications or other utility shortage, outage or curtailment.
If your Services include Domain Name System Security Extensions (“DNSSEC”), you will be able to secure your domain names with DNSSEC.  DNSSEC is designed to protect you from forged DNS data so “hackers” cannot direct visitors to your website to a forged site. 
DNSSEC works by using public key cryptography.  You acknowledge and agree that if the keys do not match, a visitor’s lookup of your website may fail (and result in a “website not found” error) and we assume no liability or responsibility regarding the same.  In addition, DNSSEC responses are authenticated, but not encrypted.  You acknowledge and agree that DNSSEC does not provide confidentiality of data, and we assume no liability or responsibility regarding the same.
We prohibit the running of a public recursive DNS service on any server.  All recursive DNS servers must be secured to allow only internal network access or a limited set of IP addresses.  We actively scan for the presence of public recursive DNS services and reserves the right to remove any servers from the network that violate this restriction.  

Privacy Protection.
The privacy protection service generally allows You to: (i) replace your personal details in the WHOIS Directory with the details of Domains By Proxy.
and (ii) set up a private email address for each domain name that you can forward, filter or block.
 The privacy protection service features are intended to: prevent domain-related spam.
and protect your identity from third-parties.  As set forth in Section 2(xi) of this Agreement, You acknowledge and agree that you may not be permitted to purchase private or proxy TLD registrations in certain markets, countries and territories or for certain TLDs.
For a complete list of the markets and countries where privacy protection service is not available, please click here. Your purchase and use of Privacy Protection is subject to and governed by the terms of the [#doclink= domain_nameproxy].

Full Domain Privacy and Protection.
The full domain privacy and protection service generally allows You to: (i) replace your personal details in the WHOIS Directory with the details of Domains By Proxy.
(ii) set up a private email address for each domain name that you can forward, filter or block.
(iii) prevent accidental loss of a domain name due to an expired credit card.
(iv) lock your domain name in your account.
(v) receive real-time online reports to track vital domain name information.  The full domain privacy and protection service features are intended to: prevent domain-related spam.
protect your identity from third-parties.
plus add a higher level of security through 2-Step Verification to disallow most accidental or malicious domain name transfers.
and provide an online business card in the WHOIS directory that is designed to increase traffic without sacrificing privacy.
As set forth in Section 2(xi) of this Agreement, You acknowledge and agree that you may not be permitted to purchase private or proxy TLD registrations in certain markets, countries and territories or for certain TLDs.
For a complete list of the markets and countries where privacy protection service is not available, please click here. Your purchase and use of Full Domain Privacy and Protection is also subject to and governed by the terms of the [#doclink= domain_nameproxy].

Privacy and Business Protection.
The privacy and business protection service includes all the features of Privacy Protection, plus the service generally allows You to: (i) prevent accidental loss of a domain name due to an expired credit card.
(ii) lock your domain name in your account.
(iii) receive real-time online reports to track vital domain name information.
and (iv) activate TrustedSite, powered by McAfee SECURE.
The privacy and business protection service features are intended to: prevent domain-related spam.
protect your identity from third-parties.
plus add a higher level of security through 2-Step Verification to disallow most accidental or malicious domain name transfers.
provide an online business card in the WHOIS directory that is designed to increase traffic without sacrificing privacy.
and provide domain name protection through TrustedSite.
 Your purchase and use of privacy and business protection service is also governed by terms of the [#doclink= domain_nameproxy].


12. PRE-REGISTRATIONS

If you submit an application for pre-registration of a domain name, GoDaddy does not guarantee that the name will be secured for you, or that you will have immediate access to the domain name if secured.  GoDaddy may use third-party service providers for the pre-registration services.

13.
PROVISIONS SPECIFIC TO .BIZ REGISTRATIONS


Domain Name Dispute Policy.  If you reserved or registered a .BIZ domain name through us, in addition to our Dispute Resolution Policy, you hereby acknowledge that you have read and understood and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Restrictions Dispute Resolution Policy applicable to the .biz TLD.
The RDRP sets forth the terms under which any allegation that a domain name is not used primarily for business or commercial purposes shall be enforced on a case-by-case basis by an independent ICANN-accredited dispute provider.
Registry Operator will not review, monitor, or otherwise verify that any particular domain name is being used primarily for business or commercial purposes or that a domain name is being used in compliance with the SUDRP or UDRP processes.

One Year Registration.  If you are registering a .BIZ domain name and you elect to take advantage of special pricing applicable to one-year registrations, we will automatically renew your domain name for an additional one-year period at the end of the first year term by taking payment from the Payment Method you have on file, unless you notify us that you do not wish to renew.
You will be notified and given the opportunity to accept or decline the one-year renewal prior to your domain name expiration date.
In the event you decide not to renew your one-year .BIZ domain name for a second year, your domain name registration will automatically revert back to us and we will gain full rights of registration to such domain name.
You agree that if you delete or transfer your .BIZ domain name during the first year, you will automatically be charged the second year renewal fees.




14.
PROVISIONS SPECIFIC TO .INFO REGISTRATIONS 


One Year Registration.  If you are registering a .INFO domain name and you elect to take advantage of special pricing applicable to one-year registrations, we will automatically renew your domain name for an additional one-year period at the end of the first year term by taking payment from the Payment Method you have on file, unless you notify us that you do not wish to renew.
You will be notified and given the opportunity to accept or decline the one-year renewal prior to your domain name expiration date.
In the event you decide not to renew your one-year .INFO domain name for a second year, your domain name registration will automatically revert back to us and we will gain full rights of registration to such domain name.
You agree that if you delete or transfer your .INFO domain name during the first year, you will automatically be charged the second year renewal fees.


15.
PROVISIONS SPECIFIC TO .MOBI REGISTRATIONS 


Instant Mobilizer. You are hereby granted a personal, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable, non-sublicensable license to use the Instant Mobilizer service (“Service”), provided, however, You abide by the terms and conditions set forth.
You shall not alter, modify, adapt or translate the whole or part of the Service in any way whatsoever.
You may not create derivative works based on the Service.
You may not rent, lease, assign, dispose of, novate, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of its rights to use the Service to any third party.  In the event that the volume of traffic to You from Your use of the Service is sufficient so as to jeopardize the provision of Service for other end users, we and our licensors reserve the right to, at its sole discretion, permanently or temporarily, discontinue Your use of the Service.
For the avoidance of doubt, the volume of traffic generated by You should not exceed two thousand (2,000) page views per day.  You acknowledge and agree the text "Instant Mobilizer from dotMobi" or equivalent, will be inserted at the footer of Your site.  In the event a dotMobi domain to which the Service is being provided is transferred to another domain name registrar, the Service will be interrupted on that dotMobi domain, and Service will not be restored if the new registrar does not offer the Service.  



16.
PROVISIONS SPECIFIC TO .NAME REGISTRATIONS 


Defensive Registration.  A Defensive Registration is a registration designed for the protection of trademarks and service marks and may be granted to prevent a third party from registering a variation of a trademark or the exact trademark.
If the name you wish to register is subject to a Defensive Registration, you have three (3) options: (i) you may register a variation of the name, (ii) you may challenge the Defensive Registration under the Eligibility Requirements Dispute Resolution Policy, or (iii) you may request Consent from the Defensive Registrant.
You can request Consent by contacting the Defensive Registrant listed in the GNR Whois database and requesting consent to register the .NAME domain name.
If the Defensive Registrant grants consent, they must confirm in writing that they grant consent.
If the Defensive Registrant does not grant consent, you may wish to challenge the Defensive Registration under the ERDRP.

Acceptable Use Policy.  You agree to be bound by the .NAME Acceptable Use Policy, which is hereby incorporated by reference. Among other limitations, this policy prohibits you from using your .NAME Email to engage in Spamming activities.
You will be limited to a maximum of five hundred (500) messages sent from your .NAME at a time.

17. PROVISIONS SPECIFIC TO .REISE REGISTRATIONS

Domain Names registered in .REISE should be used for purposes dedicated to travel topics within six months following initial Registration, e.g.
utilized on the Internet or otherwise used to perform a function.

18. PROVISIONS SPECIFIC TO .SEXY REGISTRATIONS

You shall not permit content unsuitable for viewing by a minor to be viewed from the main or top-level directory of a .SEXY domain name.
For purposes of clarity, content viewed at the main or top-level directory of a .SEXY domain name is the content immediately visible if a user navigates to http://example.sexy or http://www.example.sexy.
No restrictions apply to the content at any other page or subdirectory addressed by a .SEXY Registered Name. 

19.
COUNTRY CODE TOP LEVEL DOMAINS

You represent and warrant that you meet the eligibility requirements of each ccTLD you apply for.
You further agree to be bound by any registry rules, policies, and agreements for that particular ccTLD.
These may include, but are not limited to, agreeing to indemnify the ccTLD provider, limiting the liability of the ccTLD provider, and requirements that any disputes be resolved under that particular country's laws.


(A) PROVISIONS SPECIFIC TO .AU REGISTRATIONS

 

.au Registrations (to include com.au, net.au and org.au) are governed by the following additional terms and conditions:
auDA.
auDA means .au Domain Administration Limited ACN 079 009 340, the .au domain names administrator.  The Registrar acts as agent for auDA for the sole purpose, but only to the extent necessary, to enable auDA to receive the benefit of rights and covenants conferred to it under this Agreement.
auDA is an intended third party beneficiary of this agreement.
auDA Published Policy.  auDA Published Policies means those specifications and policies established and published by auDA from time to time at http://www.auda.org.au.  You must comply with all auDA Published Policies, as if they were incorporated into, and form part of, this Agreement.
In the event of any inconsistency between any auDA Published Policy and this Agreement, then the auDA Published Policy will prevail to the extent of such inconsistency.  You acknowledge that under the auDA Published Policies: (1) there are mandatory terms and conditions that apply to all domain names.
(2) licences, and such terms and conditions are incorporated into, and form part of, this Agreement.
(3) You are bound by, and must submit to, the .au Dispute Resolution Policy.
and (4) auDA may delete or cancel the registration of a .au domain name. 

auDA's Liabilities and Indemnity.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, auDA will not be liable to Registrant for any direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or exemplary losses or damages of any kind (including, without limitation, loss of use, loss or profit, loss or corruption of data, business interruption or indirect costs) suffered by Registrant arising from, as a result of, or otherwise in connection with, any act or omission whatsoever of auDA, its employees, agents or contractors.
Registrant agrees to indemnify, keep indemnified and hold auDA, its employees, agents and contractors harmless from all and any claims or liabilities, arising from, as a result of, or otherwise in connection with, Registrant's registration or use of its .au domain name.
Nothing in this document is intended to exclude the operation of Trade Practices Act 1974.


(B) PROVISIONS SPECIFIC TO .CA REGISTRATIONS




You acknowledge and agree that registration of your selected domain name in your first application to CIRA shall not be effective until you have entered into and agreed to be bound by CIRA's Registrant Agreement.

CIRA Certified Registrar.  The registrar shall immediately give notice to you in the event that it is no longer a CIRA Certified Registrar, has had its certification as a CIRA Certified Registrar suspended or terminated, or the Registrar Agreement between CIRA and the Registrar is terminated or expires.
CIRA may post notice of such suspension, termination, or expiry on its website and may, if CIRA deems appropriate, give notice to the registrants thereof.
In the event that the registrar is no longer a CIRA Certified Registrar, has had its certification as a CIRA Certified Registrar suspended or terminated or in the event the Registrar Agreement between CIRA and the Registrar is terminated or expires, you shall be responsible for changing your Registrar of Record to a new CIRA Certified Registrar within thirty (30) days of the earlier of notice thereof being given to you by (i) the Registrar or (ii) CIRA in accordance with CIRA's then current Registry PRP.
provided, however, that if any of your domain name registrations are scheduled to expire within thirty (30) days of the giving of such notice, then you shall have thirty (30) days from the anniversary date of the registration(s), to register with a new CIRA certified registrar and to renew such domain name registration(s) in accordance with the Registry PRP.
You acknowledge and agree that should there be insufficient funds prepaid by the registrar in the CIRA Deposit Account to be applied in payment of any fees, CIRA may in its sole discretion stop accepting applications for domain name registrations from the registrar, stop effecting registrations of domain names and transfers, renewals, modifications, and cancellations requested by the registrar and stop performing other billable transactions requested by the registrar not paid in full and CIRA may terminate the Registrar Agreement between CIRA and the Registrar.

.CA ASCII and IDN domain variants
 are bundled and reserved for a single registrant.  Registrants are not required to register all variants in a bundle, but all registered variants must be registered and managed at a single registrar.
Each variant registered will incur a registration fee.  In addition, when registering multiple .CA domain (ASCII and IDN) variants in a bundle, your registrant information must be identical.  If variants are registered at other registrars or if registrant information does not match, it may result in an "unavailable" search result, delayed or failed registration.
If information does not match, validation is required and may take up to seven business days and delay availability of domain. 


(C) PROVISIONS SPECIFIC TO .CN REGISTRATIONS

 

.CN is a restricted TLD – applications are subject to both a domain name check and real name verification as required by the People’s Republic of China.  Registrations in .CN are therefore subject to the following additional terms:

Verification, Registration and Activation
.  If a domain name is not permitted to be registered by the Chinese government, as determined by us, the Registry Operator and/or a 3rd party provider utilized for such services and determinations, in either party’s discretion, the application for registration will not be successful.  In such event, the name will be deleted and you will be eligible for a refund as further described below.
If permitted, then the Registration may proceed, but a .CN domain name may not be activated (i.e., it will not resolve in the Internet) unless and until you have submitted (via the process described during registration) valid documents required of us and the Registry to perform real name verification.  The following are acceptable forms of documents for the purpose of verification:

China: Resident ID, temporary resident ID, business license or organization code certificate
Hong Kong/Macau: Resident ID, driver’s license, passport or business license
Singapore: Driver’s license, passport or business license
Taiwan: Resident ID, driver’s license or business license
Other Countries/Regions: Driver’s license or passport

Documents submitted to us are used by us and shared with the Registry solely for the purpose of real name verification, and are otherwise subject to our Privacy Policy.
 By registering a .CN domain, you expressly agree that your data may be stored on servers in the U.S., or otherwise outside of the People's Republic of China.

Refunds
.  Refunds for .CN Registrations will only be allowed where (i) registration of the applied for domain name is not permitted by the Chinese government.
or (ii) you notify us of your intent to cancel for any reason within the first five (5) days after the Registration (i.e., after it is deemed permissible by the Chinese government).  For the avoidance of doubt, refunds will not be permitted under any circumstances after five (5) days from the date of Registration, including, for example, in the event real name verification is not successful or if the Chinese government determines after Registration that the domain name should not have been registered (and directs us to delete).


(D) PROVISIONS SPECIFIC TO .JP REGISTRATIONS





Registration Restrictions.  You represent and warrant that you have a local presence in Japan with a home or office address.
You agree that certain domain names are reserved and can only be registered by certain parties.
These include: (i) TLDs, other than ccTLDs, as determined by ICANN.
(ii) geographical-type .JP domain names that are defined as metropolitan, prefectural, and municipal labels.
(iii) names of primary and secondary educational organizations.
(iv) names of organizations related to Internet management.
(v) names required for .JP domain name operations.
and (vi) character strings which may be confused with ASCII-converted Japanese domain names.
The complete list of .JP Reserved Domains is available here. 

20.
ENGLISH LANGUAGE CONTROLS

This Agreement, along with all policies and the applicable product agreements identified above and incorporated herein by reference (collectively, the “Agreement”), is executed in the English language.
To the extent any translation is provided to you, it is provided for convenience purposes only, and in the event of any conflict between the English and translated version, where permitted by law, the English version will control and prevail.
Where the translated version is required to be provided to you and is to be considered binding by law (i) both language versions shall have equal validity, (ii) each party acknowledges that it has reviewed both language versions and that they are substantially the same in all material respects, and (iii) in the event of any discrepancy between these two versions, the translated version may prevail, provided that the intent of the Parties has been fully taken into consideration. 
 

Last Revised: October 25, 2017

Please read this Domain Name Proxy Agreement ("Agreement") carefully.
By using the Services and/or website of Domains By Proxy, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("DBP"), You (as defined below) agree to all the terms and conditions set forth both herein and in the DBP privacy policy, which is incorporated by reference and can be found by clicking here.  You acknowledge that DBP may amend this Agreement at any time upon posting the amended terms on its website, and that any new, different or additional features changing the services provided by DBP will automatically be subject to this Agreement.
If You do not agree to be bound by, or if You object to, the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any amendments hereto, do not use or access DBP's services.
Continued use of DBP's services and its website after any such changes to this Agreement have been posted, constitutes Your acceptance of those changes.
This Agreement is by and between DBP and you, your heirs, assigns, agents and contractors ("You") and is made effective as of the date of electronic execution.
This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of Your relationship with DBP and Your use of DBP's services and represents the entire Agreement between You and DBP.
By using DBP's Services, You acknowledge that You have read, understand and agree to be bound by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and You further agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement for transactions entered into by:

You on Your behalf;
Anyone acting as Your agent.
and
Anyone who uses the account You have established with DBP, whether or not the transactions were on Your behalf and/or authorized by You.

You agree You will be bound by representations made by third parties acting on Your behalf, which either use or purchase services from DBP. You further agree that DBP will not be bound by statements of a general nature on DBP's website or DBP promotional materials.
You further agree to abide by the terms and conditions promulgated by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ("ICANN") (including the Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy ("Dispute Resolution Policy") and Your Registrar (i.e., the ICANN-accredited person or entity through which You register a domain name).
1.
description of DBP's private registration services
When You subscribe to DBP's private registration service through a DBP-affiliated Registrar, DBP will display its contact information in the publicly available "Whois" directory in place of Your information.
DBP shall keep Your name, postal address, email address, phone and fax numbers confidential, subject to Section 4 of this Agreement.
The following information (and not Your personal information) will be made publicly available in the "Whois" directory as determined by ICANN policy:

DBP's name as the proxy Registrant of the domain name and a proxy email address, phone number and postal address for the proxy Registrant's contact information;
A proxy postal address and phone number for the domain name registration's technical contact;
A proxy email address, postal address and phone number for the domain name registration's administrative contact;
A proxy email address, postal address and phone number for the domain's name registration's billing contact;
The primary and secondary domain name servers You designate for the domain name;
The domain name's original date of registration and expiration date of the registration.
and
The identity of the Registrar.

2.
full benefits of domain registration retained by you
Although DBP will show in the "Whois" directory as the Registrant of each domain name registration You designate, You will retain the full benefits of domain name registration with respect to each such domain name registration, including, subject to Section 4 below:

The right to sell, transfer or assign each domain name registration, which shall require cancellation of the DBP services associated with each such domain name registration;
The right to control the use of each domain name registration, including designating the primary and secondary domain name servers to which each domain name points;
The right to cancel each domain name registration;
The right to cancel the DBP services associated with each domain name registration and/or Your privacy services with DBP so that Your contract information is listed in the "Whois" directory.
and
The right to renew each domain name registration upon its expiration, subject to Your Registrar's applicable rules and policies.

3.
PERSONAL INFORMATION AND your notification obligations.
representation and warranties.
ACCOUNT SECURITY

Personal Information and Your Notification Obligations 

You agree that for each domain name for which you use DBP services, You will provide accurate and current information as to:

Your name, the email address, postal address, phone and fax numbers for the domain name registration's Registrant contact;
The email address, postal address, phone and fax numbers for the domain name registration's technical contact;
The email address, postal address, phone and fax numbers for the domain name registration's administrative contact;
The email address, postal address, phone and fax numbers for the domain name registration's billing contact.
and
You agree to provide government issued photo identification and/or government issued business identification as required for verification of identity when requested.

You agree to:

Notify DBP within three (3) calendar days when any of the personal information You provided upon subscribing to DBP's services, changes;
Respond within three (3) calendar days to any inquiries made by DBP to determine the validity of personal information provided by You.
and
Timely respond to email messages DBP sends to You regarding correspondence DBP has received that is either addressed to or involves You and/or Your domain name registration, as more fully set forth in Section 5(c) below.
To allow DBP to act as your Designated Agent (as that term is defined below) in instances when DBP services are added to or cancelled from your domain name and for the purpose of facilitating a change of registrant request (as further described below). 

It is Your responsibility to keep Your personal information current and accurate at all times.

Renewals 

You agree DBP will arrange for Your Registrar to charge the credit card You have on file with the Registrar, at the Registrar's then current rates.
If for any reason DBP and/or the Registrar for Your domain name is unable to charge Your credit card for the full amount of the service provided, or if DBP and/or the Registrar is charged back for any fee it previously charged to the credit card You provided, You agree that DBP and/or the Registrar may, without notice to You, pursue all available remedies in order to obtain payment, including but not limited to immediate cancellation of all services DBP provides to You.

Representations and Warranties 

You warrant that all information provided by You to DBP is truthful, complete, current and accurate.
You also warrant that You are using DBP's private registration services in good faith and You have no knowledge of Your domain name infringing upon or conflicting with the legal rights of a third party or a third party's trademark or trade name.
You also warrant the domain name being registered by DBP on Your behalf will not be used in connection with any illegal activity, or in connection with the transmission of Spam, or that contains or installs any viruses, worms, bugs, Trojan horses or other code, files or programs designed to, or capable or, disrupting, damaging or limiting the functionality of any software or hardware.
Account Security
You agree You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your customer number/login ID and password ("Account Access Information").  You agree to notify DBP immediately of any unauthorized use of Your account or any other breach of security.  You agree DBP will not be liable for any loss that You may incur as a result of someone else using Your Account Access Information, either with or without Your knowledge.  You further agree You could be held liable for losses incurred by DBP or another party due to someone else using Your Account Access Information.  For security purposes, You should keep Account Access Information in a secure location and take precautions to prevent others from gaining access to Your Account Access Information.  You agree that You are entirely responsible for all activity in Your account, whether initiated by You, or by others.  DBP specifically disclaims liability for any activity in Your account, regardless of whether You authorized the activity.

Designated Agency and Change of Registrant Information

“DESIGNATED AGENT” MEANS AN INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY THAT THE PRIOR REGISTRANT OR NEW REGISTRANT EXPLICITLY AUTHORIZES TO APPROVE A CHANGE OF REGISTRANT REQUEST ON ITS BEHALF.  IN THE CASE OF DBP SERVICES, A CHANGE OF REGISTRANT REQUEST MAY ALSO ARISE DUE TO INSTANCES WHERE DBP SERVICES ARE ADDED, OR REMOVED, FROM A DOMAIN NAME.  FOR THE PURPOSE OF FACILITATING ANY SUCH CHANGE REQUEST, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH ICANN'S CHANGE OF REGISTRANT POLICY, YOU AGREE TO APPOINT DBP AS YOUR DESIGNATED AGENT FOR THE SOLE PURPOSE OF EXPLICITLY CONSENTING TO MATERIAL CHANGES OF REGISTRATION CONTACT INFORMATION ON YOUR BEHALF.
4.
DBP's rights to deny, suspend, terminate service and to disclose your personal information
You understand and agree that DBP has the absolute right and power, in its sole discretion and without any liability to You whatsoever, to:

Cancel the privacy service (which means that Your information will be available in the "Whois" directory) and/or reveal Your name and personal information that You provided to DBP:  A.
When required by law, in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or in the interest of public safety.
B.
To comply with legal process served upon DBP or in response to a reasonable threat of litigation against DBP (as determined by DBP in its sole and absolute discretion).
or C.
To comply with ICANN rules, policies, or procedures.
Resolve any and all third party claims, whether threatened or made, arising out of Your use of a domain name for which DBP is the registrant listed in the "Whois" directory on Your behalf.
or
Take any other action DBP deems necessary: A.
In the event you breach any provision of this Agreement or the DBP Anti-Spam Policy.
B. To protect the integrity and stability of, and to comply with registration requirements, terms, conditions and policies of, the applicable domain name Registry and/or Registry Provider;
C.
To comply with any applicable laws, government rules or requirements, subpoenas, court orders or requests of law enforcement; 
D.
To comply with ICANN's Dispute Resolution Policy or ICANN's Change of Registrant Policy.
E.
To avoid any financial loss or legal liability (civil or criminal) on the part of DBP, its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, shareholders, agents, officers, directors and employees.
F.
If the domain name for which DBP is the registrant on Your behalf violates or infringes a third party's trademark, trade name or other legal rights.
and G.
If it comes to DBP's attention that You are using DBP's services in a manner (as determined by DBP in its sole and absolute discretion) that:



Is illegal, or promotes or encourages illegal activity;
Promotes, encourages or engages in child pornography or the exploitation of children;
Promotes, encourages or engages in terrorism, violence against people, animals, or property;
Promotes, encourages or engages in any spam or other unsolicited bulk email, or computer or network hacking or cracking;
Violates the Ryan Haight Online Pharmacy Consumer Protection Act of 2008 or similar legislation, or promotes, encourages or engages in the sale or distribution of prescription medication without a valid prescription.
 
Infringes on the intellectual property rights of another User or any other person or entity;
Violates the privacy or publicity rights of another User or any other person or entity, or breaches any duty of confidentiality that you owe to another User or any other person or entity;
Interferes with the operation of DBP services;
Contains or installs any viruses, worms, bugs, Trojan horses or other code, files or programs designed to, or capable of, disrupting, damaging or limiting the functionality of any software or hardware.
or
Contains false or deceptive language, or unsubstantiated or comparative claims, regarding DBP or its services.


You further understand and agree that if DBP is named as a defendant in, or investigated in anticipation of, any legal or administrative proceeding arising out of Your domain name registration or Your use of DBP's services, Your private registration service may be canceled, which means the domain name registration will revert back to You and Your identity will therefore be revealed in the Whois directory as Registrant.
In the event:

DBP takes any of the actions set forth in subsection i, ii, or iii above or section 5.
and/or
You elect to cancel DBP's services for any reason --

Neither DBP nor your Registrar will refund any fees paid by You whatsoever.
5.
communications forwarding

a.
Correspondence Forwarding 

Inasmuch as DBP's name, postal address and phone number will be listed in the Whois directory, You agree DBP will review and forward communications addressed to Your domain name that are received via email, certified or traceable courier mail (such as UPS, FedEx, or DHL), or first class U.S.
postal mail.
You specifically acknowledge DBP will not forward to You first class postal mail (other than legal notices), "junk" mail or other unsolicited communications (whether delivered through email, fax, postal mail or telephone), and You further authorize DBP to either discard all such communications or return all such communications to sender unopened.
You agree to waive any and all claims arising from Your failure to receive communications directed to Your domain name but not forwarded to You by DBP.

b.
Email Forwarding 

The Whois directory requires an email address for every purchased domain name registration.
When You purchase a private domain registration, DBP creates a private email address for that domain name, "@domainsbyproxy.com".
Thereafter, when messages are sent to that private email address, DBP handles them according to the email preference You selected for that particular domain name.
You have three (3) email preferences from which to choose.
You can elect to:

Have all of the messages forwarded;
Have all of the messages filtered for Spam and then forwarded.
or
Have none of the messages forwarded.

As with all communications, You agree to waive any and all claims arising from Your failure to receive email directed to Your domain name but not forwarded to You by DBP.

c.
Notifications Regarding Correspondence and Your Obligation to Respond 

When DBP receives certified or traceable courier mail or legal notices addressed to Your domain name, in most cases, DBP will attempt to forward the mail to you via email.
If You do not respond to the DBP email and/or the correspondence DBP has received regarding Your domain name registration concerns a dispute of any kind or otherwise requires immediate disposition, DBP may immediately reveal Your identity and/or cancel the DBP private registration service regarding either the domain name registration(s) in question. This means the Whois directory will revert to displaying Your name, postal address, email address and phone number that you provided to DBP.

d. 
Additional Administrative Fees 

DBP reserves the right to charge You reasonable "administrative fees" or "processing fees" for (i)  tasks DBP may perform outside the normal scope of its Services, (ii) additional time and/or costs DBP may incur in providing its Services, and/or (iii) Your non-compliance with the Agreement (as determined by DBP in its sole and absolute discretion).
Typical administrative or processing fee scenarios include, but are not limited to, (i) customer service issues that require additional personal time and attention.
(ii) disputes that require accounting or legal services, whether performed by DBP staff or by outside firms retained by DBP.
(iii) recouping any and all costs and fees, including the cost of Services, incurred by DBP as the result of chargebacks or other payment disputes brought by You, Your bank or Payment Method processor.  These administrative fees or processing fees will be billed to the Payment Method You have on file with Your Registrar.
You agree to waive the right to trial by jury in any proceeding that takes place relating to or arising out of this Agreement.
6.
limitations of liability

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL DBP BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, YOUR DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION, DBP'S SERVICES, USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE DBP WEBSITE OR THE MATERIALS AND CONTENT OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY OTHER WEBSITES LINKED TO THE DBP WEBSITE OR YOUR PROVISION OF ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO DBP OR ANY THIRD PARTY.
THIS LIMITATION APPLIES REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF DBP HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR SUCH DAMAGES WERE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE.
BECAUSE CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS DO NOT PERMIT THE LIMITATION OR ELIMINATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, DBP'S LIABILITY IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE SMALLEST AMOUNT PERMITTED BY LAW.



YOU FURTHER UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT DBP DISCLAIMS ANY LOSS OR LIABILITY RESULTING FROM: 



THE INADVERTENT DISCLOSURE OR THEFT OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.



ACCESS DELAYS OR INTERRUPTIONS TO OUR WEBSITE OR THE WEBSITES OF OUR AFFILIATED REGISTRARS.



DATA NON-DELIVERY OF MIS-DELIVERY BETWEEN YOU AND DBP.



THE FAILURE FOR WHATEVER REASON TO RENEW A PRIVATE DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION.



THE UNAUTHORIZED USE OF YOUR DBP ACCOUNT OR ANY OF DBP'S SERVICES.



ERRORS, OMISSIONS OR MISSTATEMENTS BY DBP.



DELETION OF, FAILURE TO STORE, FAILURE TO PROCESS OR ACT UPON EMAIL MESSAGES FORWARDED TO EITHER YOU OR YOUR PRIVATE DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION.



PROCESSING OF UPDATED INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR DBP ACCOUNT.
AND/OR 


ANY ACT OR OMISSION CAUSED BY YOU OR YOUR AGENTS (WHETHER AUTHORIZED BY YOU OR NOT).



7.
indemnity
You agree to release, defend, indemnify and hold harmless DBP, its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, shareholders, agents, directors, officers and employees and Your Registrar, from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, losses, damages or costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or related in any way to this Agreement, the services provided hereunder by DBP, the DBP website, Your account with DBP, Your use of Your domain name registration, and/or disputes arising in connection with the dispute policy.
8.
DBP warranty disclaimer

DBP, ITS PARENT COMPANIES, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, SHAREHOLDERS, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AND EMPLOYEES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, THE SERVICE PROVIDED HEREUNDER, THE DBP WEBSITE OR ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THE DBP WEBSITE, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
ALL DBP SERVICES, AS WELL AS THE DBP WEBSITE, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS".
YOUR SUBSCRIPTION TO AND USE OF DBP'S SERVICES AND ITS WEBSITE ARE ENTIRELY AT YOUR RISK.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IN WHICH EVENT THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.


9.
copyright and trademark
You understand and agree that all content and materials contained in this Agreement, the Privacy Policy and the DBP website found here , are protected by the various copyright, patent, trademark, service mark and trade secret laws of the United States, as well as any other applicable proprietary rights and laws, and that DBP expressly reserves its rights in and to all such content and materials.
You further understand and agree You are prohibited from using, in any manner whatsoever, any of the afore-described content and materials without the express written permission of DBP.
No license or right under any copyright, patent, trademark, service mark or other proprietary right or license is granted to You or conferred upon You by this Agreement or otherwise.
10.
miscellaneous provisions

a.
Severability.
Construction.
Entire Agreement 

If any part of this Agreement shall be held to be illegal, unenforceable or invalid, in whole or in part, such provision shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it legal, enforceable and valid, and the legality, enforceability and validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or impaired.
The headings herein will not be considered a part of this Agreement.
You agree this Agreement, including the policies it incorporates by reference, constitute the complete and only Agreement between You and DBP regarding the services contemplated herein.

b.
Governing Law.
Venue.
Waiver Of Trial By Jury 

This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws and judicial decisions of Maricopa County, Arizona, excluding its conflicts of laws rules.
Except as provided immediately below, You agree that any action relating to or arising out of this Agreement, shall be brought exclusively in the courts of Maricopa County, Arizona.
For the adjudication of domain name registration disputes, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the U.S.
District Court for the District of Arizona located in Phoenix, Arizona.
You agree to waive the right to trial by jury in any proceeding, regardless of venue, that takes place relating to or arising out of this Agreement.

c.
Notices 

All notices from DBP to You will be sent to the email address You provided to DBP.
Notices by email shall be deemed effective twenty-four (24) hours after the email is sent by DBP, unless DBP receives notice that the email address is invalid, in which event DBP may give You notice via first class or certified mail, return receipt requested.
All notices from You to DBP shall be sent via certified mail, return receipt requested or traceable courier to:

Domains By Proxy, LLC
Attn: General Counsel
14455 North Hayden Rd.Suite 219Scottsdale, AZ 85260


Notices sent via certified mail or traceable courier shall be deemed effective five (5) days after the date of mailing.

d.
Insurance 

In the unlikely event You lose Your domain name registration to a third party solely as a result of DBP's negligent actions (and absent fraud or other negligent or willful misconduct committed by a third party), You may be insured against such loss through DBP's Professional Liability Insurance Policy, which is currently underwritten by American International Insurance Company.
Of course, every claim is subject to the then-carrier's investigation into the facts and circumstances surrounding such claim.
In the event You have reason to believe that circumstances exist which warrant the filing of an insurance claim, please send a written notice (specifying the basis for such claim), via certified mail, return receipt requested, to:

Domains By Proxy, LLC
Attn: Insurance Claims
14455 North Hayden Rd.Suite 219Scottsdale, AZ 85260



e.
Indemnification 

In the unlikely event You lose Your domain name registration to a third party solely as a result of DBP's willful misconduct, Your Registrar (the "Indemnifying Party") will indemnify and hold You harmless against any losses, damages or costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees) resulting from any claim, action, proceeding, suit or demand arising out of or related to the loss of Your domain name registration.
Such indemnification obligations under this Section 10(e) are conditioned upon the following:

That You promptly give both DBP and the Indemnifying Party written notice of the claim, demand, or action and provide reasonable assistance to the Indemnifying Party, at its cost and expense, in connection therewith, and
That the Indemnifying Party has the right, at its option, to control and direct the defense to any settlement of such claim, demand, or action.

Any notice concerning indemnification shall, with respect to DBP, be sent in accordance with Section 10(c) of this Agreement.
With respect to Your Registrar, notices regarding indemnification should be sent in accordance with the notification provisions contained in Your Registrar's Domain Name Registration Agreement.

f.
Term of Agreement.
Survival 

The terms of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect as long as DBP is the Registrant for any domain name on Your behalf.
Sections 5 (Communications Forwarding), 6 (Limitation of Liability), 7 (Indemnity), 8 (Warranty Disclaimer) and 10 (Miscellaneous Provisions) shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.
 

Last Revised: February 16, 2012

(As Approved by ICANN on October 24, 1999)
1.
purpose
This Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy (the "Policy") has been adopted by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ("ICANN"), is incorporated by reference into your Registration Agreement, and sets forth the terms and conditions in connection with a dispute between you and any party other than us (the registrar) over the registration and use of an Internet domain name registered by you.
Proceedings under Paragraph 4 of this Policy will be conducted according to the Rules for Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy (the "Rules of Procedure"), which are available at dispute policy, and the selected administrative-dispute-resolution service provider's supplemental rules.
2.
your representations
By applying to register a domain name, or by asking us to maintain or renew a domain name registration, you hereby represent and warrant to us that (a) the statements that you made in your Registration Agreement are complete and accurate.
(b) to your knowledge, the registration of the domain name will not infringe upon or otherwise violate the rights of any third party.
(c) you are not registering the domain name for an unlawful purpose.
and (d) you will not knowingly use the domain name in violation of any applicable laws or regulations.
It is your responsibility to determine whether your domain name registration infringes or violates someone else's rights.
3.
cancellations, transfers, and changes
We will cancel, transfer or otherwise make changes to domain name registrations under the following circumstances:

subject to the provisions of Paragraph 8, our receipt of written or appropriate electronic instructions from you or your authorized agent to take such action.

our receipt of an order from a court or arbitral tribunal, in each case of competent jurisdiction, requiring such action.
and/or 
our receipt of a decision of an Administrative Panel requiring such action in any administrative proceeding to which you were a party and which was conducted under this Policy or a later version of this Policy adopted by ICANN.
(See Paragraph 4(i) and (k) below.) 

We may also cancel, transfer or otherwise make changes to a domain name registration in accordance with the terms of your Registration Agreement or other legal requirements.
4.
mandatory administrative proceeding
This Paragraph sets forth the type of disputes for which you are required to submit to a mandatory administrative proceeding.
These proceedings will be conducted before one of the administrative-dispute-resolution service providers listed here (each, a "Provider").



Applicable Disputes.
You are required to submit to a mandatory administrative proceeding in the event that a third party (a "complainant") asserts to the applicable Provider, in compliance with the Rules of Procedure, that 
your domain name is identical or confusingly similar to a trademark or service mark in which the complainant has rights.
and 
you have no rights or legitimate interests in respect of the domain name.
and 
your domain name has been registered and is being used in bad faith.

In the administrative proceeding, the complainant must prove that each of these three elements are present.

Evidence of Registration and Use in Bad Faith.
For the purposes of Paragraph 4(a)(iii), the following circumstances, in particular but without limitation, if found by the Panel to be present, shall be evidence of the registration and use of a domain name in bad faith: 
circumstances indicating that you have registered or you have acquired the domain name primarily for the purpose of selling, renting, or otherwise transferring the domain name registration to the complainant who is the owner of the trademark or service mark or to a competitor of that complainant, for valuable consideration in excess of your documented out-of-pocket costs directly related to the domain name.
or 
you have registered the domain name in order to prevent the owner of the trademark or service mark from reflecting the mark in a corresponding domain name, provided that you have engaged in a pattern of such conduct.
or 
you have registered the domain name primarily for the purpose of disrupting the business of a competitor.
or 
by using the domain name, you have intentionally attempted to attract, for commercial gain, Internet users to your web site or other on-line location, by creating a likelihood of confusion with the complainant's mark as to the source, sponsorship, affiliation, or endorsement of your web site or location or of a product or service on your web site or location.



How to Demonstrate Your Rights to and Legitimate Interests in the Domain Name in Responding to a Complaint.
When you receive a complaint, you should refer to Paragraph 5 of the Rules of Procedure in determining how your response should be prepared.
Any of the following circumstances, in particular but without limitation, if found by the Panel to be proved based on its evaluation of all evidence presented, shall demonstrate your rights or legitimate interests to the domain name for purposes of Paragraph 4(a)(ii): 
before any notice to you of the dispute, your use of, or demonstrable preparations to use, the domain name or a name corresponding to the domain name in connection with a bona fide offering of goods or services.
or 
you (as an individual, business, or other organization) have been commonly known by the domain name, even if you have acquired no trademark or service mark rights.
or 
you are making a legitimate noncommercial or fair use of the domain name, without intent for commercial gain to misleadingly divert consumers or to tarnish the trademark or service mark at issue.



Selection of Provider.
The complainant shall select the Provider from among those approved by ICANN by submitting the complaint to that Provider.
The selected Provider will administer the proceeding, except in cases of consolidation as described in Paragraph 4(f).

Initiation of Proceeding and Process and Appointment of Administrative Panel.
The Rules of Procedure state the process for initiating and conducting a proceeding and for appointing the panel that will decide the dispute (the "Administrative Panel").

Consolidation.
In the event of multiple disputes between you and a complainant, either you or the complainant may petition to consolidate the disputes before a single Administrative Panel.
This petition shall be made to the first Administrative Panel appointed to hear a pending dispute between the parties.
This Administrative Panel may consolidate before it any or all such disputes in its sole discretion, provided that the disputes being consolidated are governed by this Policy or a later version of this Policy adopted by ICANN.

Fees.
All fees charged by a Provider in connection with any dispute before an Administrative Panel pursuant to this Policy shall be paid by the complainant, except in cases where you elect to expand the Administrative Panel from one to three panelists as provided in Paragraph 5(b)(iv) of the Rules of Procedure, in which case all fees will be split evenly by you and the complainant.

Our Involvement in Administrative Proceedings.
We do not, and will not, participate in the administration or conduct of any proceeding before an Administrative Panel.
In addition, we will not be liable as a result of any decisions rendered by the Administrative Panel.

Remedies.
The remedies available to a complainant pursuant to any proceeding before an Administrative Panel shall be limited to requiring the cancellation of your domain name or the transfer of your domain name registration to the complainant.

Notification and Publication.
The Provider shall notify us of any decision made by an Administrative Panel with respect to a domain name you have registered with us.
All decisions under this Policy will be published in full over the Internet, except when an Administrative Panel determines in an exceptional case to redact portions of its decision.

Availability of Court Proceedings.
The mandatory administrative proceeding requirements set forth in Paragraph 4 shall not prevent either you or the complainant from submitting the dispute to a court of competent jurisdiction for independent resolution before such mandatory administrative proceeding is commenced or after such proceeding is concluded.
If an Administrative Panel decides that your domain name registration should be canceled or transferred, we will wait ten (10) business days (as observed in the location of our principal office) after we are informed by the applicable Provider of the Administrative Panel's decision before implementing that decision.
We will then implement the decision unless we have received from you during that ten (10) business day period official documentation (such as a copy of a complaint, file-stamped by the clerk of the court) that you have commenced a lawsuit against the complainant in a jurisdiction to which the complainant has submitted under Paragraph 3(b)(xiii) of the Rules of Procedure.
(In general, that jurisdiction is either the location of our principal office or of your address as shown in our Whois database.
See Paragraphs 1 and 3(b)(xiii) of the Rules of Procedure for details.) If we receive such documentation within the ten (10) business day period, we will not implement the Administrative Panel's decision, and we will take no further action, until we receive (i) evidence satisfactory to us of a resolution between the parties.
(ii) evidence satisfactory to us that your lawsuit has been dismissed or withdrawn.
or (iii) a copy of an order from such court dismissing your lawsuit or ordering that you do not have the right to continue to use your domain name.




5.
All other disputes and litigation
All other disputes between you and any party other than us regarding your domain name registration that are not brought pursuant to the mandatory administrative proceeding provisions of Paragraph 4 shall be resolved between you and such other party through any court, arbitration or other proceeding that may be available.
6.
our involvement in disputes
We will not participate in any way in any dispute between you and any party other than us regarding the registration and use of your domain name.
You shall not name us as a party or otherwise include us in any such proceeding.
In the event that we are named as a party in any such proceeding, we reserve the right to raise any and all defenses deemed appropriate, and to take any other action necessary to defend ourselves.
7.
maintaining the status quo
We will not cancel, transfer, activate, deactivate, or otherwise change the status of any domain name registration under this Policy except as provided in Paragraph 3 above.
8.
transfers during a dispute

Transfers of a Domain Name to a New Holder 

You may not transfer your domain name registration to another holder (i) during a pending administrative proceeding brought pursuant to Paragraph 4 or for a period of fifteen (15) business days (as observed in the location of our principal place of business) after such proceeding is concluded.
or (ii) during a pending court proceeding or arbitration commenced regarding your domain name unless the party to whom the domain name registration is being transferred agrees, in writing, to be bound by the decision of the court or arbitrator.
We reserve the right to cancel any transfer of a domain name registration to another holder that is made in violation of this subparagraph.

Changing Registrars 

You may not transfer your domain name registration to another registrar during a pending administrative proceeding brought pursuant to Paragraph 4 or for a period of fifteen (15) business days (as observed in the location of our principal place of business) after such proceeding is concluded.
You may transfer administration of your domain name registration to another registrar during a pending court action or arbitration, provided that the domain name you have registered with us shall continue to be subject to the proceedings commenced against you in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
In the event that you transfer a domain name registration to us during the pendency of a court action or arbitration, such dispute shall remain subject to the domain name dispute policy of the registrar from which the domain name registration was transferred.
9.
policy modifications
We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time with the permission of ICANN.
We will post our revised Policy at this location at least thirty (30) calendar days before it becomes effective.
Unless this Policy has already been invoked by the submission of a complaint to a Provider, in which event the version of the Policy in effect at the time it was invoked will apply to you until the dispute is over, all such changes will be binding upon you with respect to any domain name registration dispute, whether the dispute arose before, on or after the effective date of our change.
In the event that you object to a change in this Policy, your sole remedy is to cancel your domain name registration with us, provided that you will not be entitled to a refund of any fees you paid to us.
The revised Policy will apply to you until you cancel your domain name registration.
  GoDaddy
Universal Terms of Service Agreement 
Last Revised: July 10, 2018


PLEASE READ THIS UNIVERSAL TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY, AS IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES.


1.
OVERVIEW

This Universal Terms of Service Agreement (this “Agreement”) is entered into by and between GoDaddy.com, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("GoDaddy") and you, and is made effective as of the date of your use of this website ("Site") or the date of electronic acceptance.  This Agreement sets forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the Site and the products and services purchased or accessed through this Site (individually and collectively, the “Services”), and is in addition to (not in lieu of) any specific terms and conditions that apply to the particular Services.
The terms “we”, “us” or “our” shall refer to GoDaddy.
The terms “you”, “your”, “User” or “customer” shall refer to any individual or entity who accepts this Agreement, has access to your account or uses the Services.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits.

2.
MODIFICATION OF AGREEMENT, SITE OR SERVICES

GoDaddy may, in its sole and absolute discretion, change or modify this Agreement, and any policies or agreements which are incorporated herein, at any time, and such changes or modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting to this Site.
Your use of this Site or the Services after such changes or modifications have been made shall constitute your acceptance of this Agreement as last revised.
If you do not agree to be bound by this Agreement as last revised, do not use (or continue to use) this Site or the Services.
In addition, GoDaddy may occasionally notify you of changes or modifications to this Agreement by email.
It is therefore very important that you keep your shopper account (“Account”) information current.  GoDaddy assumes no liability or responsibility for your failure to receive an email notification if such failure results from an inaccurate email address.  In addition, GoDaddy may terminate Your use of Services for any violation or breach of any of the terms of this Agreement by You.
GoDaddy reserves the right to modify, change, or discontinue any aspect of this Site or the Services, including without limitation prices and fees for the same, at any time.

3.
ELIGIBILITY.
AUTHORITY

This Site and the Services are available only to individuals (“Users”) who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law.  By using this Site or the Services, you represent and warrant that you are (i) at least eighteen (18) years of age, (ii) otherwise recognized as being able to form legally binding contracts under applicable law, or (iii) are not a person barred from purchasing or receiving the Services found under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction.
If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a corporate entity, you represent and warrant that you have the legal authority to bind such corporate entity to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, in which case the terms "you", "your", "User" or "customer" shall refer to such corporate entity.  If, after your electronic acceptance of this Agreement, GoDaddy finds that you do not have the legal authority to bind such corporate entity, you will be personally responsible for the obligations contained in this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the payment obligations.
GoDaddy shall not be liable for any loss or damage resulting from GoDaddy’s reliance on any instruction, notice, document or communication reasonably believed by GoDaddy to be genuine and originating from an authorized representative of your corporate entity.
If there is reasonable doubt about the authenticity of any such instruction, notice, document or communication, GoDaddy reserves the right (but undertakes no duty) to require additional authentication from you.  You further agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement for transactions entered into by you, anyone acting as your agent and anyone who uses your account or the Services, whether or not authorized by you.

4.
YOUR ACCOUNT

In order to access some of the features of this Site or use some of the Services, you will have to create an Account.
You represent and warrant to GoDaddy that all information you submit when you create your Account is accurate, current and complete, and that you will keep your Account information accurate, current and complete.  If GoDaddy has reason to believe that your Account information is untrue, inaccurate, out-of-date or incomplete, GoDaddy reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to suspend or terminate your Account.  You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your Account, whether authorized by you or not, and you must keep your Account information secure, including without limitation your customer number/login, password, Payment Method(s) (as defined below), and shopper PIN.
 For security purposes, GoDaddy recommends that you change your password and shopper PIN at least once every six (6) months for each Account.
 You must notify GoDaddy immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your Account.
GoDaddy will not be liable for any loss you incur due to any unauthorized use of your Account.
You, however, may be liable for any loss GoDaddy or others incur caused by your Account, whether caused by you, or by an authorized person, or by an unauthorized person.

5.
GENERAL RULES OF CONDUCT

You acknowledge and agree that:
i.          Your use of this Site and the Services , including any content you submit, will comply with this Agreement and all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations.
ii.          You will not collect or harvest (or permit anyone else to collect or harvest) any User Content (as defined below) or any non-public or personally identifiable information about another User or any other person or entity without their express prior written consent. 
iii.          You will not use this Site or the Services in a manner (as determined by GoDaddy in its sole and absolute discretion) that:


Is illegal, or promotes or encourages illegal activity;
Promotes, encourages or engages in child pornography or the exploitation of children;
Promotes, encourages or engages in terrorism, violence against people, animals, or property;
Promotes, encourages or engages in any spam or other unsolicited bulk email, or computer or network hacking or cracking;
Violates the Ryan Haight Online Pharmacy Consumer Protection Act of 2008 or similar legislation, or promotes, encourages or engages in the sale or distribution of prescription medication without a valid prescription;
Violates the Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act of 2017 or similar legislation, or promotes or facilitates prostitution and/or sex trafficking;
Infringes on the intellectual property rights of another User or any other person or entity;
Violates the privacy or publicity rights of another User or any other person or entity, or breaches any duty of confidentiality that you owe to another User or any other person or entity;
Interferes with the operation of this Site or the Services found at this Site;
Contains or installs any viruses, worms, bugs, Trojan horses or other code, files or programs designed to, or capable of, disrupting, damaging or limiting the functionality of any software or hardware.
or
Contains false or deceptive language, or unsubstantiated or comparative claims, regarding GoDaddy or GoDaddy’s Services.


iv.         You will not copy or distribute in any medium any part of this Site or the Services , except where expressly authorized by GoDaddy.
v.         You will not modify or alter any part of this Site or the Services found at this Site or any of its related technologies.
vi.         You will not access GoDaddy Content (as defined below) or User Content through any technology or means other than through this Site itself, or as GoDaddy may designate.
vii.         You agree to back-up all of your User Content so that you can access and use it when needed.
GoDaddy does not warrant that it backs-up any Account or User Content, and you agree to accept as a risk the loss of any and all of your User Content.
viii.         You will not re-sell or provide the Services for a commercial purpose, including any of GoDaddy’s related technologies, without GoDaddy's express prior written consent.
ix.         You will not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with the security-related features of this Site or the Services found at this Site (including without limitation those features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any GoDaddy Content or User Content) or enforce limitations on the use of this Site or the Services found at this Site, the GoDaddy Content or the User Content therein.
x.          You agree to provide government-issued photo identification and/or government-issued business identification as required for verification of identity when requested.
xi.          You are aware that GoDaddy may from time-to-time call you about your account, and that, for the purposes of any and all such call(s), you may be subject to call recording and hereby consent to the same, subject to any applicable laws and our restrictions and obligations thereunder, including, where permissible, to record the entirety of such calls regardless of whether GoDaddy asks you on any particular call for consent to record such call.  You further acknowledge and agree that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any such recording(s) may be submitted as evidence in any legal proceeding in which GoDaddy is a party. Further, by providing your telephone or mobile number, you consent to receive marketing telephone calls from or on behalf of GoDaddy that may be initiated by an automatic telephone dialing system and/or use an artificial or prerecorded voice.
You understand that providing consent is not a condition of purchasing any good or service from GoDaddy.  Similarly, by providing your mobile number, you consent to receive marketing text messages from or on behalf of GoDaddy that may be sent by an automatic telephone dialing system.
You understand that providing consent is not a condition of purchasing any good or service from GoDaddy.
Message and data rates may apply.

6.
PROTECTION OF YOUR DATA

GoDaddy offers certain hosted Services available to you that may involve the submission, collection and/or use of personally identifying or identifiable information about you and your own customers (“Your Data”) in the course of your use of these Services (“Covered Services”).
Your Data, for the purpose of this Section, excludes any User Content.
GoDaddy’s Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”), which is hereby incorporated by reference and applicable to Covered Services, is meant to provide you contractual assurance that we have robust mechanisms to ensure the transfer of Your Data, including transfers of Your Data from the EEA to the Covered Services, meets with compliance under applicable data privacy laws.
For the purposes of the DPA and the Standard Contractual Clauses attached to the DPA (when and as applicable), you (and your applicable affiliates) are considered the Data Controller/Data Exporter, and your acceptance of the terms of service governing Covered Services at the time of purchase of any Covered Services will also be treated as your acknowledgement and acceptance of the DPA and its appendices (including the Standard Contractual Clauses and its appendices, as applicable).
If you wish to print, sign and return a physical copy of the DPA, please send an email request to privacy@godaddy.com   
Covered Services, as defined in this Section and in the DPA, include hosted services that are subject to the terms and conditions of the following Agreements: (1) Domain Name Registration, (2) Email Marketing Services, (3) GoCentral, (4) Hosting, (5) Online Bookkeeping, (6) Online Store/Quick Shopping Cart, (7) Smartline and (8) Website Builder Services.
    


7. USER CONTENT

Some of the features of this Site or the Services, including those Services that are hosted with GoDaddy, may allow Users to view, post, publish, share, store, or manage (a) ideas, opinions, recommendations, or advice via forum posts, content submitted in connection with a contest, product reviews or recommendations, or photos to be incorporated into a social media event or activity (“User Submissions”), or (b) literary, artistic, musical, or other content, including but not limited to photos and videos (together with User Submissions, “User Content”).  All content submitted through your Account is consider User Content.  By posting or publishing User Content to this Site or to or via the Services, you represent and warrant to GoDaddy that (i) you have all necessary rights to distribute User Content via this Site or via the Services, either because you are the author of the User Content and have the right to distribute the same, or because you have the appropriate distribution rights, licenses, consents, and/or permissions to use, in writing, from the copyright or other owner of the User Content, and (ii) the User Content does not violate the rights of any third party.
You shall be solely responsible for any and all of your User Content or User Content that is submitted through your Account, and the consequences of, and requirements for, distributing it.

User Submissions.  You acknowledge and agree that your User Submissions are entirely voluntary, do not establish a confidential relationship or obligate GoDaddy to treat your User Submissions as confidential or secret, that GoDaddy has no obligation, either express or implied, to develop or use your User Submissions, and no compensation is due to you or to anyone else for any intentional or unintentional use of your User Submissions, and that GoDaddy may be working on the same or similar content, it may already know of such content from other sources, it may simply wish to develop this (or similar) content on its own, or it may have taken / will take some other action.
GoDaddy shall own exclusive rights (including all intellectual property and other proprietary rights) to any User Submissions posted to this Site, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of any User Submissions posted to this Site for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you or to anyone else.

User Content Other Than User Submissions.  By posting or publishing User Content to this Site or through the Services, you authorize GoDaddy to use the intellectual property and other proprietary rights in and to your User Content to enable inclusion and use of the User Content in the manner contemplated by this Site and this Agreement.  You hereby grant GoDaddy a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple tiers), and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, combine with other works, display, and perform your User Content in connection with this Site, the Services and GoDaddy’s (and GoDaddy’s affiliates’) business(es), including without limitation for promoting and redistributing all or part of this Site in any media formats and through any media channels without restrictions of any kind and without payment or other consideration of any kind, or permission or notification, to you or any third party.
You also hereby grant each User of this Site a non-exclusive license to access your User Content (with the exception of User Content that you designate “private” or “password protected”) through this Site, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, combine with other works, display, and perform your User Content as permitted through the functionality of this Site and under this Agreement.
The above licenses granted by you in your User Content terminate within a commercially reasonable time after you remove or delete your User Content from this Site.
You understand and agree, however, that GoDaddy may retain (but not distribute, display, or perform) server copies of your User Content that have been removed or deleted.
The above licenses granted by you in your User Content are perpetual and irrevocable.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, GoDaddy shall not use any User Content that has been designated “private” or “password protected” by you for the purpose of promoting this Site or GoDaddy’s (or GoDaddy’s affiliates’) business(es). If you have a website or other content hosted by GoDaddy, you shall retain all of your ownership or licensed rights in User Content.

8.
AVAILABILITY OF WEBSITE/SERVICES

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and our other policies and procedures, we shall use commercially reasonable efforts to attempt to provide this Site and the Serviceson a twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week basis.
You acknowledge and agree that from time to time this Site may be inaccessible or inoperable for any reason including, but not limited to, equipment malfunctions.
periodic maintenance, repairs or replacements that we undertake from time to time.
or causes beyond our reasonable control or that are not reasonably foreseeable including, but not limited to, interruption or failure of telecommunication or digital transmission links, hostile network attacks, network congestion or other failures.
You acknowledge and agree that we have no control over the availability of this Site or the Service on a continuous or uninterrupted basis, and that we assume no liability to you or any other party with regard thereto.

9. PRODUCT CREDITS

In the event you are provided with a product credit (“Credit”), whether for redemption of the purchase of a specific product or for free with the purchase of another product (“Purchased Product”), you acknowledge and agree that such Credit is only valid for one (1) year and is only available with a valid purchase and may be terminated in the event the product purchased is deleted, cancelled, transferred or not renewed.The Credit will expire one (1) year from date of purchase of the Purchased Product if the Credit has not been redeemed.  In the event that the Credit is redeemed, after the initial subscription period, the product will automatically renew at the then-current renewal price until cancelled.
If you wish to cancel the automatic renewal of the product, you may do so by visiting your Account or by contacting customer service.  In the event your Purchased Product includes a free domain name, if you cancel the Purchased Product, the list price for the domain name will be deducted from the refund amount. The list price is the price of the domain name listed on GoDaddy’s website and is not subject to any promotion, discount, or other reduction in price.
For Credits issues for free with another Purchased Product, you acknowledge and agree that we may swap your Credit for a similar product, in our sole discretion. 

10.
MONITORING OF CONTENT.
ACCOUNT TERMINATION POLICY

GoDaddy generally does not pre-screen User Content (whether posted to a website hosted by GoDaddy or posted to this Site).  However, GoDaddy reserves the right (but undertakes no duty) to do so and decide whether any item of User Content is appropriate and/or complies with this Agreement.
GoDaddy may remove any item of User Content (whether posted to a website hosted by GoDaddy or posted to this Site) and/or terminate a User’s access to this Site or the Services found at this Site for posting or publishing any material in violation of this Agreement, or for otherwise violating this Agreement (as determined by GoDaddy in its sole and absolute discretion), at any time and without prior notice.
GoDaddy may also terminate a User’s access to this Site or the Services found at this Site if GoDaddy has reason to believe the User is a repeat offender.  If GoDaddy terminates your access to this Site or the Services found at this Site, GoDaddy may, in its sole and absolute discretion, remove and destroy any data and files stored by you on its servers.

11.
DISCONTINUED SERVICES.
END OF LIFE POLICY

GoDaddy reserves the right to cease offering or providing any of the Services at any time, for any or no reason, and without prior notice.
Although GoDaddy makes great effort to maximize the lifespan of all its Services, there are times when a Service we offer will be discontinued or reach its End-of-Life ("EOL").
If that is the case, that product or service will no longer be supported by GoDaddy, in any way, effective on the EOL date.

Notice and Migration
. In the event that any Service we offer has reached or will reach EOL, we will attempt to notify you thirty or more days in advance of the EOL date.
It is your responsibility to take all necessary steps to replace the Service by migrating to a new Service before the EOL date, or by entirely ceasing reliance on said Service before the EOL date.
In either case, GoDaddy will either offer a comparable Service for you to migrate to for the remainder of the term of your purchase, a prorated in-store credit, or a prorated refund, to be determined by GoDaddy in its sole and absolute discretion.
GoDaddy may, with or without notice to you, migrate you to the most up-to-date version of the Service, if available.
You agree to take full responsibility for any and all loss or damage arising from any such migration.

No Liability
. GoDaddy will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of any of the Services we may offer or facilitate access to.



12.
BETA SERVICES

From time to time, GoDaddy may offer new Services (limited preview services or new features to existing Services) in a pre-release version.
New Services, new features to existing Services or limited preview services shall be known, individually and collectively, as “Beta Services”.
If you elect to use any Beta Services, then your use of the Beta Services is subject to the following terms and conditions: (i) You acknowledge and agree that the Beta Services are pre-release versions and may not work properly.
(ii) You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Beta Services may expose you to unusual risks of operational failures.
(iii) The Beta Services are provided as-is, so we do not recommend using them in production or mission critical environments.
(iv) GoDaddy reserves the right to modify, change, or discontinue any aspect of the Beta Services at any time.
(v) Commercially released versions of the Beta Services may change substantially, and programs that use or run with the Beta Services may not work with the commercially released versions or subsequent releases.
(vi) GoDaddy may limit availability of customer service support time dedicated to support of the Beta Services.
(vii) You acknowledge and agree to provide prompt feedback regarding your experience with the Beta Services in a form reasonably requested by us, including information necessary to enable us to duplicate errors or problems you experience.
You acknowledge and agree that we may use your feedback for any purpose, including product development purposes.
At our request you will provide us with comments that we may use publicly for press materials and marketing collateral.
Any intellectual property inherent in your feedback or arising from your use of the Beta Services shall be owned exclusively by GoDaddy.
(viii) You acknowledge and agree that all information regarding your use of the Beta Services, including your experience with and opinions regarding the Beta Services, is confidential, and may not be disclosed to a third party or used for any purpose other than providing feedback to GoDaddy.
(ix) The Beta Services are provided “as is”, “as available”, and “with all faults”.
  To the fullest extent permitted by law, GoDaddy disclaims any and all warranties, statutory, express or implied, with respect to the Beta Services including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.



13.
FEES AND PAYMENTS

You agree that your Payment Method may be charged by one of our affiliated entities.
If, during your purchase, your payment was identified as being processed in the United States, your transaction will be processed by GoDaddy.com, LLC,;
if your payment was identified as being processed in Canada, your transaction will be processed by Go Daddy Domains Canada, Inc..
if your payment was identified as being processed in the United Kingdom, your transaction will be processed by Go Daddy Europe, Ltd..
if your payment was identified as being processed in India, your transaction will be processed by Go Daddy India Domains and Hosting Services India Pvt Ltd.
If, during your purchase, your payment was identified as being processed in a country that is not listed above, your transaction may be processed by an entity within the disclosed country that is affiliated with our local payment service provider, and subject to the provisions of our Privacy Policy.





(A) GENERAL TERMS, INCLUDING AUTOMATIC RENEWAL TERMS



Payment Due at Time of Order.
Non-Refundable.

You agree to pay all amounts due for Services at the time you order them.  All amounts are non-refundable unless otherwise noted in the Refund Policy.

Price Changes.

GoDaddy reserves the right to change its prices and fees at any time, and such changes shall be posted online at this Site and effective immediately without need for further notice to you. If you have purchased or obtained Services for a period of months or years, changes in prices and fees shall be effective when the Services in question come up for renewal as further described below. 

Payment Types.

Except as prohibited in any product-specific agreement, you may pay for Services by using any of the following “Payment Methods”: (i)  valid credit card, (ii) “Good As Gold Prepaid Services” (defined below).
(iii) electronic payment from your personal or business checking account, as appropriate (and as defined below).
(iv) PayPal, (v) International Payment Option (as defined below) or (vi) via in-store credit balances, if applicable (and as defined below), each a “Payment Method”. The “Express Checkout” feature automatically places an order for the applicable Service and charges the primary Payment Method on file for your Account. Confirmation of that order will be sent to the email address on file for your Account. Your Payment Method on file must be kept valid if you have any active Services in your Account.
In addition, you agree that the location for the processing of your payments may change for any reason, including the type of Payment Method chosen, the currency selected, or changes or updates made to your Payment Method.

Refunds Issued.

You agree that where refunds are issued to your Payment Method, GoDaddy's issuance of a refund receipt is only confirmation that GoDaddy has submitted your refund to the Payment Method charged at the time of the original sale, and that GoDaddy has no control over when the refund will be applied towards your Payment Method’s available balance. You further acknowledge and agree that the payment provider and/or individual issuing bank associated with your Payment Method establish and regulate the time frames for posting your refund, and that such refund posting time frames may range from five (5) business days to a full billing cycle, or longer. 
In the event a refund is issued to your Payment Method and the payment provider, payment processor or individual issuing bank associated with your Payment Method imposes any limitations on refunds, including but not limited to, limitations as to the timing of the refund or the number of refunds allowed, then GoDaddy, in its sole and absolute discretion, reserves the right to issue the refund either (i) in the form of an in-store credit.
(ii) via issuance of a GoDaddy check, which will be sent to the mailing address on file for your Account.
or (iii) in some jurisdictions, as a bank transfer, when the payment processor cannot refund back to the Payment Method.  GoDaddy also has the right to offer an in-store credit for customers seeking refunds, even if there are no limitations on refunds imposed by the Payment Method. 

Monthly Billing Date.

If you are being billed on a monthly basis, your monthly billing date will be based on the date of the month you purchased the Services, unless that date falls after the 28th of the month, in which case your billing date will be the 28th of each month. 

Auto-Renewal Terms.

Other than as required by applicable law, GoDaddy does not retain hard copies or electronic versions of mandate, standing order or standing instruction forms and/or any signed consents relating to your usage of our automatic renewal services, and we are therefore unable to provide any such document upon request.
You may view or change your automatic renewal settings at any time by logging into your GoDaddy account.
In order to ensure that you do not experience an interruption or loss of Services, all Services are offered on automatic renewal.  Except for reasons described below in this section, automatic renewal automatically renews the applicable Service upon expiration of the then current term for a renewal period equal in time to the most recent service period (except for domain names which may renew for the original service period).
For example, if your last service period is for one year, your renewal period will typically be for one year.  However, in the event renewal with the Payment Method on file fails, GoDaddy may attempt to renew the applicable service for a period less than the original subscription period to the extent necessary for the transaction to succeed. 
Unless you disable the automatic renewal option, GoDaddy will automatically renew the applicable Service when it comes up for renewal and will take payment from any Payment Method you have on file with GoDaddy at GoDaddy’s then current rates, which you acknowledge and agree may be higher or lower than the rates for the original service period.  In order to see the renewal settings applicable to you and your Services, simply log into your Account manager from this Site and follow the steps found here.  If you do not wish for any Service to automatically renew, you may elect to cancel renewal, in which case, your Services will terminate upon expiration of the then current term, unless you manually renew your Services prior to that date (in which case the Services will again be set to automatic renewal).  In other words, should you elect to cancel your product and fail to manually renew your Services before they expire, you may experience an interruption or loss of Services, and GoDaddy shall not be liable to you or any third party regarding the same.
In addition, GoDaddy may participate in “recurring billing programs” or “account updater services” supported by your credit card provider (and ultimately dependent on your bank’s participation).  If we are unable to successfully charge your existing Payment Method, your credit card provider (or your bank) may notify us of updates to your credit card number and/or expiration date, or they may automatically charge your new credit card on our behalf without notification to us.  In accordance with recurring billing program requirements, in the event that we are notified of an update to your credit card number and/or expiration date, GoDaddy will automatically update your payment profile on your behalf.
GoDaddy makes no guarantees that we will request or receive updated credit card information.
You acknowledge and agree that it is your sole responsibility to modify and maintain your Account settings, including but not limited to (i) cancelling products and (ii) ensuring your associated Payment Method(s) are current and valid.  Further, you acknowledge and agree that your failure to do so, may result in the interruption or loss of Services, and GoDaddy shall not be liable to you or any third party regarding the same. 
If for any reason GoDaddy is unable to charge your Payment Method for the full amount owed, or if GoDaddy receives notification of a chargeback, reversal, payment dispute, or is charged a penalty for any fee it previously charged to your Payment Method, you agree that GoDaddy may pursue all available lawful remedies in order to obtain payment, including but not limited to, immediate cancellation, without notice to you, of any domain names or Services registered or renewed on your behalf.
 GoDaddy also reserves the right to charge you reasonable “administrative” fees" for (i) tasks GoDaddy may perform outside the normal scope of its Services, (ii) additional time and/or costs GoDaddy may incur in providing its Services, and/or (iii) your noncompliance with this Agreement (as determined by GoDaddy in its sole and absolute discretion).
Typical administrative or processing fee scenarios include, but are not limited to (i) customer service issues that require additional personal time or attention.
(ii) UDRP actions(s) in connection with your domain name(s) and/or disputes that require accounting or legal services, whether performed by GoDaddy staff or by outside firms retained by GoDaddy.
(iii) recouping any and all costs and fees, including the cost of Services, incurred by GoDaddy as the results of chargebacks or other payment disputes brought by you, your bank or Payment Method processor.
These administrative fees or processing fees will be billed to the Payment Method you have on file with GoDaddy.
GoDaddy may offer product-level pricing in various currencies.
The transaction will be processed in the selected currency and the pricing displayed during the checkout process will be the actual amount submitted for payment.  For certain Payment Methods, the issuer of your Payment Method may charge you a foreign transaction fee or other charge, which may be added to the final amount that appears on your bank statement or post as a separate amount.
Please check with the issuer of your Payment Method for details.
In addition, regardless of the selected currency, you acknowledge and agree that you may be charged Value Added Tax ("VAT"), Goods and Services Tax ("GST"), or other localized fees and/or taxes, based on your bank and/or the country indicated in your billing address section.


(B) REFUND POLICY


Products and Services available for refunds are described here (“Refund Policy”). 


(C) GOOD AS GOLD PREPAID SERVICES



Service Details. By using Good As Gold Prepaid Services, you may transfer funds to GoDaddy to fund your Good As Gold Prepaid Services account (“Good As Gold Account”). You may then use your Good As Gold Account to purchase any Services. You may fund your Good As Gold Account by wire transfer.
You acknowledge that funds transferred to your Good As Gold Account will be held by GoDaddy and will not accrue or pay interest for your benefit.
To the extent any interest may accrue, you agree that GoDaddy shall be entitled to receive and keep any such amounts to cover costs associated with Good As Gold Prepaid Services.
You agree that all transactions using Good As Gold Prepaid Services will be conducted in U.S.
dollars.
Your Good As Gold Account must be funded on an initial basis with no less than funds equivalent to $1000.00 U.S.
dollars.
All payments must be for the full amount required at purchase.    

Wire Transfer Details. Wire transfers may be initiated in foreign currency to fund your Good As Gold Account, however the natural currency of the Wild West Domains bank account is U.S.
Dollars. Foreign currency wires will be automatically converted and deposited in U.S.
Dollars. Please note that exchange rate fees may apply. 
You are responsible for all wire transfer fees, both incoming and outgoing, associated with your Good As Gold Account.
Any non-U.S.
wire transfers may be subject to fees by your bank, intermediary banks, or GoDaddy’s bank, which may reduce the amount of the money received by GoDaddy’s bank and subsequently funded into your Good As Gold Account.
You hereby expressly authorize GoDaddy (i) to reduce your Good As Gold Account by the amount of wire transfer fees GoDaddy incurs in order to receive your funds.
and/or (ii) to charge a twenty-dollar ($20.00) service fee (“Service Fee”) in connection with the termination of your Good As Gold Account.  All fees are subject to change at any time, and such changes shall be posted online and effective immediately without need for further notice to you.
You can verify the remaining funds in your Good As Gold Account at any time through your  Account or the shopping cart.
Should you decide to terminate your Good As Gold Account (or should GoDaddy opt to terminate your Good As Gold Account because you have breached an obligation under the Good As Gold Service Agreement), then the balance in your Good As Gold Account will be refunded, net the Service Fee.
Additional funds may be added to your Good As Gold Account at any time.

Your Use of Good As Gold Prepaid Services.
Use of funds in your Good As Gold Account can only be made through the GoDaddy purchase process at GoDaddy’s website.
Purchases may not be made unless there are sufficient, available funds in your Good As Gold Account at the time of purchase to cover the entire purchase amount, including any related fees as set forth herein or in other relevant agreements.


(D) PAY BY CHECK (ELECTRONIC PAYMENT)


By using GoDaddy’s pay by check option (“Pay By Check”), you can purchase GoDaddy Services using an electronic payment (from your personal or business checking account (“Checking Account”), as appropriate).
In connection, you agree to allow a third-party check services provider, Certegy Check Services, Inc., (“Check Services Provider”) to debit the full amount of your purchase from your Checking Account, which is non-refundable.
Check Services Provider will create an electronic funds transfer (“EFT”) or bank draft, which will be presented to your bank or financial institution for payment from your Checking Account.
The Checking Account must be at a financial institution in the United States, and payment must be in U.S.
Dollars.
It is your responsibility to keep your Checking Account current and funded.
You agree that (i) Check Services Provider or GoDaddy reserve the right to decline a transaction for any reason (including, but not limited to, payments that fail to go through as a result of your Checking Account no longer existing or not holding available/sufficient funds) and (ii) in such event, neither Check Services Provider nor GoDaddy shall be liable to you or any third party regarding the same. If for any reason Check Services Provider is unable to withdraw the full amount owed for the Services provided, you agree that Check Services Provider and GoDaddy may pursue all available lawful remedies in order to obtain payment (plus any applicable fees).  GoDaddy is not responsible for the actions of Check Services Provider. You agree that if the EFT or bank draft is returned unpaid, you will pay a service charge in accordance with the fees permitted by law for each U.S.
State.
A help article describing the Check Services Provider and outlining the service charges referenced above can be found here.
These fees may be debited from your Checking Account using an EFT or bank draft. All fees are in U.S.
Dollars.
GoDaddy and its service providers, including but not limited to Check Services Provider  and Complete Payment Recovery Services, Inc., may provide you with notices, including byemail, regular mail, SMS, MMS, text message, postings on the services, or other reasonable means now known or hereafter developed.
Such notices may not be received if you violate these terms of service by accessing the services in an unauthorized manner.
Your agreement to these terms of service constitutes your agreement that you are deemed to have received any and all notices that would have been delivered had you accessed the services in an authorized manner.
Failure to receive such notices for any reason shall not excuse any payment or other obligation to GoDaddy and Check Services Provider.
You further expressly authorize GoDaddy and its service providers, including but not limited to Check Services Provider and Complete Payment Recovery Services, Inc., and their affiliates to contact you, via auto-dialer, pre-recorded messages, or any other method, on any of your mobile phone numbers or emails.
You further acknowledge that email addresses you provide are not shared, accessed by others and are not employer-related email addresses.






(E) INTERNATIONAL PAYMENT OPTIONS


GoDaddy offers a variety of alternative international payment options through a variety of International Payment Providers (“IPP”). In the event you select an IPP, you represent that you have already agreed to any and all of the IPP’s applicable customer service agreements in advance of completing your transaction at GoDaddy.  You also agree to allow the IPP to debit the full amount of your purchase from the selected account or payment method, collectively “Funding Sources”.
In addition, you agree to allow the selected IPP to debit, if applicable, an “Exchange Rate Conversion Fee”, as well as any other fees or charges applicable to your agreement with the IPP (collectively, the “IPP Fees”), from your Funding Sources.
You understand and agree that IPP Fees are subject to change at any time by the IPP without notice to you by GoDaddy.
It is your responsibility to keep your Funding Sources current and funded.
You agree that (i) the IPP or GoDaddy reserve the right to decline a transaction for any reason and (ii) neither the IPP nor GoDaddy shall be liable to you or any third party regarding the same.
You acknowledge that GoDaddy will not attempt to fulfill the Services purchased by you until GoDaddy receives confirmation of payment from the IPP through its associated payment processor.
You acknowledge there may be a gap of several hours or days between the time you place an order and the time the IPP confirms payment through its associated payment processor.
If GoDaddy does not receive confirmation of payment from the IPP through its associated payment processor within thirty (30) days from when the order is placed, your order may be cancelled, at which time you will need to commence the purchase process again.
In the event that you would like to cancel payment for a pending transaction, you may cancel the order through your GoDaddy account.
Payments received on previously cancelled orders will be automatically refunded to the original Payment Method when possible.
If, at the time GoDaddy receives confirmation of payment from the IPP (through its associated payment processor), either (i) the Services (including domain names) are no longer available for purchase.
or (ii) a pending order has been cancelled in our systems.
or (iii) the confirmation of payment does not match the dollar amount of the pending order, and as a result your purchase is either over-funded or under-funded, GoDaddy may automatically issue a partial refund (in the case of over-funding) or a full refund (in the case of under-funding) to your Funding Source.
If the IPP (or its associated payment processor) imposes refund limitations of any kind, GoDaddy reserves the right to issue refunds to an in-store credit balance or as a bank transfer, when the payment processor cannot refund back to the Payment Method.
 If you receive a full refund, you will need to begin the purchase process again. You agree that the IPP reserves the right not to refund IPP Fees associated with a refunded transaction. Accordingly, any refunds issued by GoDaddy will be net of the IPP Fees unless otherwise specified.
GoDaddy offers SEPA Direct Debit (“SEPA”) as a payment method for customers located in Germany.
If you choose to use SEPA as a payment method, you are authorizing GoDaddy and Adyen, our payment service provider, to send instructions to your bank to debit your account.
By agreeing to these terms you have mandated GoDaddy to collect all of the applicable charges arising under this Agreement.
The authorization shall also apply to any new bank account used by you for purchases from GoDaddy.
 We will notify you of the date of direct debit collection within a reasonable time (the “pre-notification”).
This pre-notification will be delivered to you by e-mail at least one (1) business day before payment is collected.
You are responsible for making sure that there are sufficient funds in your account to cover any debit payments.
You also agree to indemnify GoDaddy against any losses that it may incur if your financial institution withholds payment from GoDaddy for any reason.


(F) IN-STORE CREDIT BALANCES


In the event that your Account contains an in-store credit balance: (1) you may apply any available credit balance to any future purchase in your Account.
and (2)  you authorize GoDaddy to apply any available credit balance to any outstanding administrative fees, chargebacks, or other fees related to your Account. In the event that your default Payment Method fails for an automated billing in connection with the processing of any Service renewals, GoDaddy may use any available in-store credit balance if there are enough funds to cover the entire transaction.
Regardless of the amount of in-store credit available in your account, GoDaddy is not responsible for the loss of products resulting from an inability to collect funds from your default Payment Methods or the in-store credit. In-store credits will be applied based on the currency selected in the shopping cart at the time of purchase (or renewal).
If you have more than one in-store credit, then the credits will be processed according to the age of the credit, with the oldest in-store credit being applied first.
If additional funds are required to complete the purchase or renewal, credits held in a non-selected currency will be converted using GoDaddy’s daily exchange rate based on the age of the credit (oldest to newest) until (i) enough funds are allocated to complete the transaction, or (ii) there is no available balance left in your account.
You understand and agree that at the time of conversion, GoDaddy may also impose an additional administrative fee.
You can verify your available in-store credit balance at any time through your Account on the GoDaddy website.
You acknowledge that in-store credit balances are non-transferrable, may only be used in the Account in which they were acquired and may expire.
Complimentary in-store credits will expire two years after issuance. In the event that GoDaddy terminates your Account, you acknowledge and agree that any remaining available in-store credit balance will be forfeited. 
You also acknowledge that funds available in your in-store credit balance will be held by GoDaddy and will not accrue or pay interest for your behalf.
To the extent any interest may accrue, you agree that GoDaddy is entitled to receive and keep any such amounts to cover costs associated with supporting the in-store credit balance functionality.




(G) EXPIRED DOMAIN NAME PURCHASES


For expired domains names purchased through your account, you agree that you are responsible for payment within forty-eight (48) hours of auction close for the successful bid amount plus the one (1) year renewal or transfer fee (from the end of the domain name’s previous registration period), plus ICANN fee, if applicable, or any valid payment method associated with the account, will be charged on the third day following the auction close.
If we are unable to collect payment, you may lose the rights to purchase the domain name.



14.
ADDITIONAL RESERVATION OF RIGHTS

GoDaddy expressly reserves the right to deny, cancel, terminate, suspend, lock, or modify access to (or control of) any Account or Services (including the right to cancel or transfer any domain name registration) for any reason (as determined by GoDaddy in its sole and absolute discretion), including but not limited to the following: (i) to correct mistakes made by GoDaddy in offering or delivering any Services (including any domain name registration), (ii) to protect the integrity and stability of, and correct mistakes made by, any domain name registry or registrar, (iii) to assist with our fraud and abuse detection and prevention efforts, (iv) to comply with court orders against you and/or your domain name or website and applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations, (v) to comply with requests of law enforcement, including subpoena requests, (vi) to comply with any dispute resolution process, (vii) to defend any legal action or threatened legal action without consideration for whether such legal action or threatened legal action is eventually determined to be with or without merit, (viii) to avoid any civil or criminal liability on the part of GoDaddy, its officers, directors, employees and agents, as well as GoDaddy’s affiliates, including, but not limited to, instances where you have sued or threatened to sue GoDaddy, or (ix) to respond to an excessive amount of complaints related in any way to your Account, domain name(s), or content on your website.
GoDaddy expressly reserves the right to review every Account for excessive space and bandwidth utilization, and to terminate or apply additional fees to those Accounts that exceed allowed levels.
GoDaddy expressly reserves the right to terminate, without notice to you, any and all Services where, in GoDaddy's sole discretion, you are harassing or threatening GoDaddy and/or any of GoDaddy's employees.

GoDaddy Content
. Except for User Content, the content on this Site and the Services , including without limitation the text, software, scripts, source code, API, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos and interactive features and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein (“GoDaddy Content”), are owned by or licensed to GoDaddy in perpetuity, and are subject to copyright, trademark, and/or patent protection in the United States and foreign countries, and other intellectual property rights under United States and foreign laws.
GoDaddy Content is provided to you “as is”, “as available” and “with all faults” for your information and personal, non-commercial use only and may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any purposes whatsoever without the express prior written consent of GoDaddy.
No right or license under any copyright, trademark, patent, or other proprietary right or license is granted by this Agreement.
GoDaddy reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the GoDaddy Content, this Site and the Services, and this Agreement do not transfer ownership of any of these rights.

15.NO SPAM.
LIQUIDATED DAMAGES


No Spam
.  We do not tolerate the transmission of spam.
We monitor all traffic to and from our web servers for indications of spamming and maintain a spam abuse complaint center to register allegations of spam abuse.
Customers suspected to be using our products and services for the purpose of sending spam are fully investigated.
If we determine there is a problem with spam, we will take the appropriate action to resolve the situation. 
We define spam as the sending of Unsolicited Commercial Email (UCE), Unsolicited Bulk Email (UBE) or Unsolicited Facsimiles (Fax), which is email or facsimile sent to recipients as an advertisement or otherwise, without first obtaining prior confirmed consent to receive these communications.
This can include, but is not limited to, the following:
        i.      Email Messages
       ii.      Newsgroup postings
      iii.      Windows system messages
      iv.      Pop-up messages (aka "adware" or "spyware" messages)
       v.      Instant messages (using AOL, MSN, Yahoo or other instant messenger programs)
      vi.      Online chat room advertisements
     vii.      Guestbook or Website Forum postings
    viii.      Facsimile Solicitations
      ix.      Text/SMS Messages
We will not allow our servers and services to be used for the purposes described above.
In order to use our products and services, you must not only abide by all applicable laws and regulations, which include the Can-Spam Act of 2003 and the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, but you must also abide by this no spam policy.
Commercial advertising and/or bulk emails or faxes may only be sent to recipients who have "opted-in" to receive messages.
They must include a legitimate return address and reply-to address, the sender's physical address, and an opt-out method in the footer of the email or fax.
Upon request by us, conclusive proof of opt-in may be required for an email address or fax number.
If we determine the account, products, or services in question are being used in association with spam, we may re-direct, suspend, or cancel any account, web site hosting, domain registration, email boxes, or other applicable products or services.
In such event, at our election, we may require you to respond by email to us stating that you will cease to send spam and/or have spam sent on your behalf and to require a non-refundable reactivation fee to be paid before the site, email boxes, and/or services are reactivated. 
We encourage all customers and recipients of email generated from our products and services to report suspected spam.
Suspected abuse can be reported by email or through our Spam Abuse Complaint Center on the Web.  Web: report abuse.   

Liquidated Damages
.  You agree that we may immediately terminate any Account which we believe, in our sole and absolute discretion, is transmitting or is otherwise connected with any spam or other unsolicited bulk email.
In addition, if actual damages cannot be reasonably calculated then you agree to pay us liquidated damages in the amount of $1.00 for each piece of spam or unsolicited bulk email transmitted from or otherwise connected with your Account.

16.
TRADEMARK AND/OR COPYRIGHT CLAIMS

GoDaddy supports the protection of intellectual property.  If you would like to submit (i) a trademark claim for violation of a mark on which you hold a valid, registered trademark or service mark, or (ii) a copyright claim for material on which you hold a bona fide copyright, please refer to GoDaddy’s Trademark and/or Copyright Infringement Policy referenced above and available here.

17.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES

This Site and the Services found at this Site may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by GoDaddy.
GoDaddy assumes no responsibility for the content, terms and conditions, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites.
In addition, GoDaddy does not censor or edit the content of any third-party websites.
By using this Site or the Services found at this Site, you expressly release GoDaddy from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website.
Accordingly, GoDaddy encourages you to be aware when you leave this Site or the Services found at this Site and to review the terms and conditions, privacy policies, and other governing documents of each other website that you may visit.

18.
DISCLAIMER OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE AND THE SERVICES FOUND AT THIS SITE SHALL BE AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THAT THIS SITE AND THE SERVICES FOUND AT THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”, “AS AVAILABLE” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS”.
GoDaddy, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND ALL THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, STATUTORY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
GoDaddy, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT (I) THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR CONTENT OF THIS SITE, (II) THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED (THROUGH HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING OR OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE, AND/OR (III) THE SERVICES FOUND AT THIS SITE OR ANY SITES LINKED (THROUGH HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING OR OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE, AND GoDaddy ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE SAME.
IN ADDITION, YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE PROVIDED BY GoDaddy, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ITS CALL CENTER OR CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVES), AND THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS  WILL (I) CONSTITUTE LEGAL OR FINANCIAL ADVICE OR (II) CREATE A WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE OR THE SERVICES FOUND AT THIS SITE, AND USERS SHOULD NOT RELY ON ANY SUCH INFORMATION OR ADVICE.
THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or your use of this Site or the Services found at this Site.

19.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

IN NO EVENT SHALL GoDaddy, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES,  AGENTS, AND ALL THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING ANY THAT MAY RESULT FROM (I) THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR CONTENT OF THIS SITE, (II) THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED (THROUGH HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING OR OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE, (III) THE SERVICES FOUND AT THIS SITE OR ANY SITES LINKED (THROUGH HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING OR OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE, (IV) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, (V) THIRD-PARTY CONDUCT OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, (VI) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL CONTENT, PERSONAL INFORMATION, FINANCIAL INFORMATION OR OTHER INFORMATION AND DATA STORED THEREIN, (VII) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF SERVICES TO OR FROM THIS SITE OR ANY SITES LINKED (THROUGH HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING OR OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE, (VIII) ANY VIRUSES, WORMS, BUGS, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM THIS SITE OR ANY SITES LINKED (THROUGH HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING OR OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE, (IX) ANY USER CONTENT OR CONTENT THAT IS DEFAMATORY, HARASSING, ABUSIVE, HARMFUL TO MINORS OR ANY PROTECTED CLASS, PORNOGRAPHIC, “X-RATED”, OBSCENE OR OTHERWISE OBJECTIONABLE, AND/OR (X) ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THIS SITE OR THE SERVICES FOUND AT THIS SITE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT GoDaddy IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
IN ADDITION, You SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to this Site or the Services found at this Site must be commenced within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues, otherwise such cause of action shall be permanently barred.
IN ADDITION, You SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND agree that in no event shall GoDaddy’s total aggregate liability exceed $10,000.00 U.S.
Dollars.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or your use of this Site or the Services found at this Site.

20.
INDEMNITY

You agree to protect, defend, indemnify and hold harmless GoDaddy and its officers, directors, employees, agents, and third party service providers from and against any and all claims, demands, costs, expenses, losses, liabilities and damages of every kind and nature (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees) imposed upon or incurred by GoDaddy directly or indirectly arising from (i) your use of and access to this Site or the Services found at this Site.
(ii) your violation of any provision of this Agreement or the policies or agreements which are incorporated herein.
and/or (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any intellectual property or other proprietary right.  The indemnification obligations under this section shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or your use of this Site or the Services found at this Site.

21.
COMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL LAWS

GoDaddy makes no representation or warranty that the content available on this Site or the Services found at this Site are appropriate in every country or jurisdiction, and access to this Site or the Services found at this Site from countries or jurisdictions where its content is illegal is prohibited.  Users who choose to access this Site or the Services found at this Site are responsible for compliance with all local laws, rules and regulations. 


22.
DISPUTES, BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND WAIVER OF CLASS ACTIONS AND CLASS ARBITRATIONS

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY.  FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS BELOW IF YOU WISH TO OPT OUT OF THE PROVISIONS REQUIRING YOU TO RESOLVE DISPUTES THROUGH INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION.
(A) Disputes. The terms of this Section shall apply to all Disputes between you and GoDaddy, except for disputes governed by the Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy referenced above and available here.  For the purposes of this Section, “Dispute” shall mean any dispute, claim, or action between you and GoDaddy arising under or relating to any GoDaddy Services or Products, GoDaddy’s websites, these Terms, or any other transaction involving you and GoDaddy, whether in contract, warranty, misrepresentation, fraud, tort, intentional tort, statute, regulation, ordinance, or any other legal or equitable basis, and shall be interpreted to be given the broadest meaning allowable under law.
YOU AND GoDaddy AGREE THAT “DISPUTE” AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS SHALL NOT INCLUDE ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BY YOU OR GoDaddy FOR (i) TRADE SECRET MISAPPROPRIATION, (ii) PATENT INFRINGEMENT, (iii) COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT OR MISUSE, AND (iv) TRADEMARK INFRINGEMENT OR DILUTION.
Moreover, notwithstanding anything else in these Terms, you agree that a court, not the arbitrator, may decide if a claim falls within one of these four exceptions.
(B) Binding Arbitration. You and GoDaddy further agree: (i) to arbitrate all Disputes between the parties pursuant to the provisions in these Terms.
(ii) these Terms memorialize a transaction in interstate commerce.
(iii) the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C.
§1, et seq.) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Section.
and (iv) this Section shall survive termination of these Terms.
ARBITRATION MEANS THAT YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A JUDGE OR JURY IN A COURT PROCEEDING AND YOUR GROUNDS FOR APPEAL ARE LIMITED.
The arbitrator may award you the same damages as a court sitting in proper jurisdiction, as limited by the Limitation of Liability set forth in Section 15 of this Agreement and may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
In addition, in some instances, the costs of arbitration could exceed the costs of litigation and the right to discovery may be more limited in arbitration than in court.
The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and enforceable by any court with jurisdiction over the parties.
(C) Small Claims Court. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may bring an individual action in the small claims court of your state or municipality if the action is within that court’s jurisdiction and is pending only in that court.
(D) Dispute Notice. In the event of a Dispute, you or GoDaddy must first send to the other party a notice of the Dispute that shall include a written statement that sets forth the name, address and contact information of the party giving it, the facts giving rise to the Dispute, and the relief requested (the “Dispute Notice”).
The Dispute Notice to GoDaddy must be addressed to: GoDaddy , 14455 N.
Hayden Rd., Scottsdale, AZ 85260, Attn.: Legal Department (the “GoDaddy Notice Address”).
The Dispute Notice to you will be sent by certified mail to the most recent address we have on file or otherwise in our records for you.  If GoDaddy and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the Dispute within sixty (60) days after the Dispute Notice is received, you or GoDaddy may commence an arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section.
Following submission and receipt of the Dispute Notice, each of us agrees to act in good faith to seek to resolve the Dispute before commencing arbitration.
(E) WAIVER OF CLASS ACTIONS AND CLASS ARBITRATIONS. YOU AND GoDaddy AGREE THAT EACH PARTY MAY BRING DISPUTES AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY ONLY IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FEDERAL OR STATE CLASS ACTIONS, OR CLASS ARBITRATIONS.  NEITHER YOU NOR GoDaddy WILL SEEK TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE HEARD AS A CLASS ACTION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION, OR IN ANY OTHER PROCEEDING IN WHICH EITHER PARTY ACTS OF PROPOSES TO ACT IN A REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY.  NO ARBITRATION OR OTHER PROCEEDING WILL BE COMBINED WITH ANOTHER WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF ALL PARTIES TO ALL AFFECTED ARBITRATIONS OR PROCEEDINGS.
(F) Arbitration Procedure. If a party elects to commence arbitration, the arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) and governed by the Consumer Arbitration Rules of the AAA (“AAA Rules”) in conjunction with the rules set forth in these Terms, except that AAA may not administer any multiple claimant or class arbitration, as the parties agree that the arbitration shall be limited to the resolution only of individual claims.  The AAA Rules are at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.
If there is a conflict between the AAA Rules and the rules set forth in these Terms, the rules set forth in these Terms shall govern.
You may, in arbitration, seek any and all remedies otherwise available to you pursuant to federal, state, or local laws, as limited by the Limitation of Liability set forth in Section 15 of this Agreement.
All Disputes shall be resolved by a single neutral arbitrator, and both parties shall have a reasonable opportunity to participate in the selection of the arbitrator.
The arbitrator is bound by these Terms.
The arbitrator, and not any federal, state or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of these Terms, including, but not limited to, any claim that all or any part of these Terms is void or voidable.  The arbitrator shall also have exclusive authority to rule on his or her own jurisdiction, including any objections with respect to the existence, scope, or validity of the arbitration agreement or to the arbitrability of any claim or counterclaim.  Notwithstanding this broad delegation of authority to the arbitrator, a court may determine the limited question of whether a claim or cause of action is for (i) trade secret misappropriation, (ii) patent infringement, (iii) copyright infringement or misuse, or (iv) trademark infringement or dilution, which are excluded from the definition of “Disputes” as stated above.
The arbitrator shall be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in a court under law or in equity.
The arbitrator’s award shall be binding on the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
You may choose to engage in arbitration hearings by telephone.
Arbitration hearings not conducted by telephone shall take place in a location reasonably accessible from your primary residence (or principal place of business if you are a small business), or in Maricopa County, Arizona, at your option.
(G) Initiation of Arbitration Proceeding. If either you or GoDaddy decide to arbitrate a Dispute, we agree to the following procedure:
i.   Write a Demand for Arbitration.
The demand must include a description of the Dispute and the amount of damages sought to be recovered.
You can find a copy of a Demand for Arbitration at http://www.adr.org (“Demand for Arbitration: Consumer Arbitration Rules”).
ii.
 Send one copy of the Demand for Arbitration to AAA by mail at American Arbitration Association Case Filing Services 1101 Laurel Oak Road, Suite 100 Voorhees, NJ 08043. 
iii.
Send one copy of the Demand for Arbitration to the other party at the same address as the Dispute Notice, or as otherwise agreed to by the parties.
(H) Hearing Format. In all hearing formats, the arbitrator shall issue a written decision that explains the essential findings and conclusions on which an award, if any, is based.
During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by GoDaddy or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which you or GoDaddy is entitled.
The discovery or exchange of non-privileged information relevant to the Dispute may be allowed during the arbitration.
(I) Arbitration Fees and Payments.

i.
Disputes involving $75,000 or less.
GoDaddy will promptly reimburse your filing fees and pay the AAA’s and arbitrator’s fees and expenses.
If you reject GoDaddy’s last written settlement offer made before the arbitrator was appointed (“GoDaddy’s last written offer”), your dispute goes all the way to an arbitrator’s decision (called an “award”), and the arbitrator awards you more than GoDaddy’s last written offer, GoDaddy will: (i) pay the greater of the award or $1,000.
(ii) pay twice your reasonable attorney’s fees, if any.
and (iii) reimburse any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs) that your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating, preparing, and pursuing your claim in arbitration.
The arbitrator will determine the amount of fees, costs, and expenses unless you and GoDaddy agree on them.
ii.
Disputes involving more than $75,000.
The AAA rules will govern payment of filing fees and the AAA’s and arbitrator’s fees and expenses.
iii.
Disputes involving any amount.
In any arbitration you commence, GoDaddy will seek its AAA or arbitrator’s fees and expenses, or your filing fees it reimbursed, only if the arbitrator finds the arbitration frivolous or brought for an improper purpose.
In any arbitration GoDaddy commences, GoDaddy will pay all filing, AAA, and arbitrator’s fees and expenses.  GoDaddy will not seek its attorney’s fees or expenses from you in any arbitration.  Fees and expenses are not included in determining the amount in dispute.
(J) Claims or Disputes Must be Filed Within One Year.  To the extent permitted by law, any claim or dispute to which this Section applies must be filed within one year in small claims or in arbitration.
The one-year period begins when the claim or Notice of Dispute first could be filed.  If not filed within one year, the claim or dispute will be permanently barred.
(K) 30-Day Opt-out Period. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THE ARBITRATION PROVISION IN THIS DISPUTES SECTION, YOU MUST NOTIFY GoDaddy BY E-MAILING LEGALOPTOUT@GODADDY.COM WITHIN 30 DAYS OF THE DATE THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS (UNLESS A LONGER PERIOD IS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW).
In the e-mail, you must provide your (a) first name, (b) last name (c) address, (d) phone number, and (e) account number(s) and state the following: “I wish to opt out of the arbitration provision contained in GoDaddy’s Universal Terms of Service Agreement.” By providing your information in the method above, you are opting out of the agreement to arbitrate contained in GoDaddy’s Universal Terms of Service. Your opt-out request will only be valid if made within thirty (30) days of first accepting the Universal Terms of Service.
In the event that you opt-out consistent with the procedure set forth above, all other terms shall contained herein shall continue to apply, including those related to the applicable governing law and the court(s) in which legal disputes may be brought.
(L) Amendments to this Section. Notwithstanding any provision in these Terms to the contrary, you and GoDaddy agree that if GoDaddy makes any future amendments to the dispute resolution procedure and class action waiver provisions (other than a change to GoDaddy’s address) in these Terms, GoDaddy will notify you and you will have thirty (30) days from the date of notice to affirmatively opt-out of any such amendments.  If you affirmatively opt-out of any future amendments, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between us in accordance with the language of this Section as stated in these current Terms, without any of the proposed amendments governing.  If you do not affirmatively opt-out of any future amendments, you will be deemed to have consented to any such future amendments.
(M) Severability.
If any provision in this Section is found to be unenforceable, that provision shall be severed with the remainder of these Terms remaining in full force and effect.
The foregoing shall not apply to the prohibition against class or representative actions.
if the prohibition against class or representative actions is found to be unenforceable, this entire Section shall be null and void.
The terms of this Section shall otherwise survive any termination of these Terms.
(N) Exclusive Venue for Other Controversies. GoDaddy and you agree that any controversy excluded from the dispute resolution procedure and class action waiver provisions in this Section (other than an individual action filed in small claims court) shall be filed only in the Superior Court of Maricopa County, Arizona, or the United States District Court for the District of Arizona, and each party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for any such controversy.  You also agree to waive the right to trial by jury in any such action or proceeding.

23.
UNCLAIMED PROPERTY.
DORMANCY CHARGES

Please be advised that if a customer has an outstanding account balance (a credit positive balance) for three (3) years or more for any reason, and (i) GoDaddy is unable to issue payment to such customer or (ii) GoDaddy issued payment to such customer in the form of a paper check, but the check was never cashed, then GoDaddy shall turn over such account balance to the State of Arizona in accordance with state law.  You acknowledge and agree that in either case (i) or (ii) above, GoDaddy may withhold a dormancy charge in an amount equal to the lesser of $25.00 or the total outstanding account balance associated with such customer.    

24.
SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS

This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, successors and assigns.

25.
NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES

Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits.

26.
U.S.
EXPORT LAWS

This Site and the Services found at this Site are subject to the export laws, restrictions, regulations and administrative acts of the United States Department of Commerce, Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), State Department, and other United States authorities (collectively, “U.S.
Export Laws”).  Users shall not use the Services found at this Site to collect, store or transmit any technical information or data that is controlled under U.S.
Export Laws.  Users shall not export or re-export, or allow the export or re-export of, the Services found at this Site in violation of any U.S.
Export Laws.  None of the Services found at this Site may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) any country with which the United States has embargoed trade.
or (ii) to anyone on the U.S.
Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S.
Commerce Department's Denied Persons List, or any other denied parties lists under U.S.
Export Laws.  By using this Site and the Services found at this Site, you agree to the foregoing and represent and warrant that you are not a national or resident of, located in, or under the control of, any restricted country.
and you are not on any denied parties list.
and you agree to comply with all U.S.
Export Laws (including “anti-boycott”, “deemed export” and “deemed re-export” regulations).  If you access this Site or the Services found at this Site from other countries or jurisdictions, you do so on your own initiative and you are responsible for compliance with the local laws of that jurisdiction, if and to the extent those local laws are applicable and do not conflict with U.S.
Export Laws.  If such laws conflict with U.S.
Export Laws, you shall not access this Site or the Services found at this Site.  The obligations under this section shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or your use of this Site or the Services found at this Site.



27.
TITLES AND HEADINGS.
INDEPENDENT COVENANTS.
SEVERABILITY

The titles and headings of this Agreement are for convenience and ease of reference only and shall not be utilized in any way to construe or interpret the agreement of the parties as otherwise set forth herein.  Each covenant and agreement in this Agreement shall be construed for all purposes to be a separate and independent covenant or agreement.  If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision (or portion of a provision) of this Agreement to be illegal, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, the remaining provisions (or portions of provisions) of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby and shall be found to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

28.
ENGLISH LANGUAGE CONTROLS

This Agreement, along with all policies and the applicable product agreements identified above and incorporated herein by reference (collectively, the “Agreement”), is executed in the English language.
To the extent any translation is provided to you, it is provided for convenience purposes only, and in the event of any conflict between the English and translated version, where permitted by law, the English version will control and prevail.
Where the translated version is required to be provided to you and is to be considered binding by law (i) both language versions shall have equal validity, (ii) each party acknowledges that it has reviewed both language versions and that they are substantially the same in all material respects, and (iii) in the event of any discrepancy between these two versions, the translated version may prevail, provided that the intent of the Parties has been fully taken into consideration. 

29.
CONTACT INFORMATION

If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us by email or regular mail at the following address:
GoDaddy Legal Department 14455 North Hayden Rd. Suite 219 Scottsdale, AZ 85260 legal@godaddy.com 

30.
ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR GERMAN CUSTOMERS ONLY



(A) CHOICE OF LAW FOR BUSINESS CUSTOMERS


Any and all contractual agreements between GoDaddy and its commercial contract partner (“Entrepreneur” in the meaning of section 14 German Civil Code) are exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Arizona, USA, exclusive of the conflict of law provisions and the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.


(B) RIGHT TO REVOKE NOTICE


_____________BEGINNING OF LEGAL NOTICE FOR RIGHT TO REVOKE_____________
CONSUMERS (ACCORDING TO §13 BGB) HAVE THE RIGHT TO WITHDRAW FROM THIS CONTRACT WITHIN FOURTEEN DAYS WITHOUT GIVING A REASON.
THE REVOCATION PERIOD IS FOURTEEN DAYS FROM THE DATE OF THE CONTRACT.
IN ORDER TO EXERCISE YOUR RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL, YOU MUST INFORM
GoDaddy 14455 N.
HAYDEN RD., STE.
226 SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85260 USA
EMAIL: HQ@GODADDY.COM
  PHONE:  089 21 094 807
BY MEANS OF A CLEAR STATEMENT (E.G.
A LETTER SENT BY POST, FAX OR E-MAIL) ABOUT YOUR DECISION TO WITHDRAW FROM THIS CONTRACT.
YOU CAN USE THE ATTACHED TEMPLATE, WHICH HOWEVER IS NOT REQUIRED.
TO COMPLY WITH THE WITHDRAWAL PERIOD, IT IS SUFFICIENT FOR YOU TO SEND THE NOTICE TO EXERCISE THE RIGHT OF REFUSAL BEFORE EXPIRY OF THE WITHDRAWAL PERIOD.


(C) CONSEQUENCES OF THE CANCELLATION


IF YOU WITHDRAW FROM THIS AGREEMENT, WE SHALL REIMBURSE YOU ALL PAYMENTS WE HAVE RECEIVED FROM YOU, INCLUDING DELIVERY CHARGES (EXCEPT FOR THE ADDITIONAL COSTS ARISING FROM CHOOSING A DIFFERENT DELIVERY METHOD THAN THE MOST FAVORABLE STANDARD DELIVERY) WITHIN FOURTEEN DAYS FROM THE DATE ON WHICH THE NOTIFICATION OF YOUR REVOCATION OF THIS CONTRACT HAS REACHED US.
FOR THIS REPAYMENT, WE WILL USE THE SAME FORM OF PAYMENT THAT YOU USED IN THE ORIGINAL TRANSACTION UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY AGREED WITH YOU.
IN NO CASE WILL YOU BE CHARGED FEES FOR THIS REPAYMENT.


(D) SERVICES


IF YOU HAVE REQUESTED THAT WE COMMENCED RENDERING OUR SERVICES BEFORE THE END OF THE PERIOD TO WITHDRAW, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHARGE A REASONABLE AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE PROPORTION OF SERVICES ALREADY PROVIDED TO YOU AT THE TIME OF REVOCATION IN RESPECT OF THIS CONTRACT COMPARISON WITH THE TOTAL VOLUME OF SERVICES PROVIDED FOR IN THE CONTRACT.


(E) MODEL-TEMPLATE FOR EXERCISING YOUR RIGHT TO REVOKE:


(IF YOU WANT TO REVOKE THE CONTRACT, THEN PLEASE FILL IN THIS FORM AND SEND IT BACK.)
• TO GoDaddy, Widerrufsrecht@GODADDY.COM


• HEREBY I / WE (*) HEREBY REVOKE THE CONTRACT CONCLUDED BY ME / US (*) CONCERNING THE PROVISION OF THE FOLLOWING SERVICE (*)
• ORDERED ON (*) / RECEIVED ON (*)
• NAME OF THE CONSUMER (S)
• ADDRESS OF THE CONSUMER (S)
• SIGNATURE OF THE CONSUMER (S) (ONLY WHEN NOTIFIED ON PAPER)
• DATE
 (*) DELETE IF NOT APPLICABLE
_____________END OF LEGAL NOTICE FOR RIGHT TO REVOKE_____________


(F) CUSTOMER SUPPORT


Customer support for GoDaddy services and products provided under this Agreement is provided by GoDaddy Deutschland GmbH which can be contacted at the following:
GoDaddy Deutschland GmbH
Hansestr.
11151149 Köln
Telefon: 089 21 094 807 (8 bis 20 Uhr, Mo-Fr)
E-Mail: HQ@GoDaddy.com



31.
FOR INDIA RESIDENTS ONLY

You expressly agree that: (i) GoDaddy (or its service provider) may contact you by phone in order to resolve your complaint or dispute, or your current service or billing issue.
and (ii) in order to resolve such complaint, dispute or issue, GoDaddy may use and may disclose to its service provider the following information: call recordings, customer name, phone number(s) and contact preferences, tenure of your relationship with GoDaddy, products used, and information about the nature of your complaint, dispute, or service issue.
 

Revised: 7/10/18
Copyright © 2005-2018 GoDaddy.com, LLC All Rights Reserved.
  GoDaddy
Privacy Policy 
Last Revised: November 16, 2018



To view our archived Privacy Policy, click&nbsp;here.

&nbsp;&nbsp;
GoDaddy cares about your privacy.&nbsp.
For this reason, we collect and use personal data only as it might be needed for us to deliver to you our world-class products, services, websites and mobile applications (collectively, our “Services”).
Your personal data includes information such as:

Name
Address
Telephone number
Date of birth
Email address
Other data collected that could directly or indirectly identify you.

Our Privacy Policy is intended to describe to you how and what data we collect, and how and why we use your personal data.
It also describes options we provide for you to access, update or otherwise take control of your personal data that we process.
&nbsp;
If at any time you have questions about our practices or any of your rights described below, you may reach our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and our dedicated team that supports this office by contacting us at&nbsp;privacy@godaddy.com.&nbsp.
This inbox is actively monitored and managed so that we can deliver an experience that you can confidently trust.
&nbsp;
Likewise, we’ve also created a&nbsp;Privacy Center&nbsp;to provide answers to your most common questions, quick links to access your Account Settings, instructions on how to exercise certain rights that might be available to you, and definitions to key terms and concepts noted in this Privacy Policy.&nbsp;

What information do we collect?

We collect information so that we can provide the best possible experience when you utilize our Services.&nbsp.
Much of what you likely consider personal data is collected directly from you when you:
(1)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
create an account or purchase any of our Services (ex: billing information, including name, address, credit card number, government identification);
(2)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
request assistance from our award-winning customer support team (ex: phone number);&nbsp;
(3)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
complete contact forms or request newsletters or other information from us (ex: email).
or
(4)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
participate in contests and surveys, apply for a job, or otherwise participate in activities we promote that might require information about you.
&nbsp;&nbsp;
However, we also collect additional information when delivering our Services to you to ensure necessary and optimal performance.&nbsp.
These methods of collection may not be as obvious to you, so we wanted to highlight and explain below a bit more about what these might be (as they vary from time to time) and how they work:

Account related information&nbsp;is collected in association with your use of our Services, such as account number, purchases, when products renew or expire, information requests, and customer service requests and notes or details explaining what you asked for and how we responded.

Cookies&nbsp;and similar technologies&nbsp;on our websites and our mobile applications allow us to track your browsing behavior, links clicked, items purchased, your device type, and to collect various data, including analytics, about how you use and interact with our Services.
This allows us to provide you with more relevant product offerings, a better experience on our sites and mobile applications, and to collect, analyze and improve the performance of our Services.
We may also collect your location (IP address) so that we can personalize our Services.
For additional information, and to learn how to manage the technologies we utilize, please visit our&nbsp;Cookie Policy.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Data about Usage of Services&nbsp;is automatically collected when you use and interact with our Services, including metadata, log files, cookie/device IDs,&nbsp;page load time, server response time,&nbsp;and&nbsp;approximatelocation information&nbsp;to measure website performance&nbsp;and&nbsp;improve our systems, including optimizing DNS resolution, network routing and server configurations.
Specifically, interactions with the features, content and links (including those of third-parties, such as social media plugins) contained within the Services, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and settings, the date and time the Services were used, information about browser configuration and plugins, language preferences and cookie data, information about devices accessing the Services, including type of device, what operating system is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and error data is collected.

Supplemented Data&nbsp;may be received about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data, in which case we may combine this data with information we already have about you so that we can update, expand and analyze the accuracy of our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you.&nbsp.
If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.

How we utilize information.

We strongly believe in both minimizing the data we collect and limiting its use and purpose to only that (1)&nbsp;for which we have been given permission, (2)&nbsp;as necessary to deliver the Services you purchase or interact with, or (3)&nbsp;as we might be required or permitted for legal compliance or other lawful purposes.
These uses include:

Delivering, improving, updating and enhancing the Services we provide to you.&nbsp;&nbsp;We collect various information relating to your purchase, use and/or interactions with our Services.
We utilize this information to:

Improve and optimize the operation and performance of our Services (again, including our websites and mobile applications)
Diagnose problems with and identify any security risks, errors, or needed enhancements to the Services
Detect and prevent fraud and abuse of our Services and systems
Collecting aggregate statistics about use of the Services
Understand and analyze how you use our Services and what products and services are most relevant to you.

Often, much of the data collected is aggregated or statistical data about how individuals use our Services, and is not linked to any personal data, but to the extent it is itself personal data, or is linked or linkable to personal data, we treat it accordingly.&nbsp;

Sharing with trusted third parties.&nbsp;We may share your personal data with affiliated companies within our corporate family, with third parties with which we have partnered to allow you to integrate their services into our own Services, and with trusted third party service providers as necessary for them to perform services on our behalf, such as:

Processing credit card payments
Serving advertisements
Conducting contests or surveys
Performing analysis of our Services and customers demographics
Communicating with you, such as by way email or survey delivery
Customer relationship management.

We only share your personal data as necessary for any third party to provide the services as requested or as needed on our behalf.
These third parties (and any subcontractors) are subject to strict data processing terms and conditions and are prohibited from utilizing, sharing or retaining your personal data for any purpose other than as they have been specifically contracted for (or without your consent).

Communicating with you.&nbsp;We may contact you directly or through a third party service provider regarding products or services you have signed up or purchased from us, such as necessary to deliver transactional or service related communications.&nbsp;We may also contact you with offers for additional services we think you’ll find valuable if you give us consent, or where allowed based upon legitimate interests.
You don’t need to provide consent as a condition to purchase our goods or services.
These contacts may include:

Email
Text (SMS) messages
Telephone calls
Automated phone calls or text messages.

You may also update your subscription preferences with respect to receiving communications from us and/or our partners by signing into your account and visiting “Account Settings” page.&nbsp;
If we collect information from you in connection with a co-branded offer, it will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the information and whose privacy policy applies.
In addition, it will describe any choice options you have in regards to the use and/or sharing of your personal data with a co-branded partner, as well as how to exercise those options.
If you make use of a service that allows you to import contacts (ex.
using email marketing services to send emails on your behalf), we will only use the contacts and any other personal information for the requested service.
If you believe that anyone has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at&nbsp;privacy@godaddy.com.

Transfer of personal data abroad.&nbsp.
If you utilize our Services from a country other than the country where our servers are located, your communications with us may result in transferring your personal data across international borders.
Also, when you call us or initiate a chat, we may provide you with support from one of our global locations outside your country of origin.
In these cases, your personal data is handled according to this Privacy Policy.

Compliance with legal, regulatory and law enforcement requests.
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law.
We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (such as subpoena requests), to protect our property and rights or the property and rights of a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical.
To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of legal process.
We will also share your information to the extent necessary to comply with ICANN or any ccTLD rules, regulations and policies when you register a domain name with us.
For reasons critical to maintaining the security, stability and resiliency of the Internet, this includes the transfer of domain name registration information to the underlying domain registry operator and escrow provider, and publication of that information as required by ICANN in the public WHOIS database.

Website analytics.&nbsp.
We use multiple web analytics tools provided by service partners such as Google Analytics, MixPanel and Singular to collect information about how you interact with our website or mobile applications, including what pages you visit, what site you visited prior to visiting our website, how much time you spend on each page, what operating system and web browser you use and network and IP information.
We use the information provided by these tools to improve our Services.
These tools place persistent cookies in your browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website.
Each cookie cannot be used by anyone other than the service provider (ex: Google for Google Analytics).
The information collected from the cookie may be transmitted to and stored by these service partners on servers in a country other than the country in which you reside.
Though information collected does not include personal data such as name, address, billing information, etc., the information collected is used and shared by these service providers in accordance with their individual privacy policies.
You can control the technologies we use by managing your settings through our&nbsp;Cookie Policy&nbsp;or the ‘cookie banners” that may be presented (depending on URL of website visited) when you first visit our webpages, or by utilizing settings in your browser or third-party tools, such as&nbsp;Disconnect,&nbsp;Ghostery&nbsp;and others.

Targeted advertisements.&nbsp;Targeted ads or interest-based&nbsp;offers may be presented to you based on your activities on our webpages, and other websites, and based on the products you currently own.&nbsp.
These offers will display as varying product banners presented to you while browsing.
We&nbsp;also partner with&nbsp;third parties&nbsp;to manage our advertising on our webpages and other websites.&nbsp.
Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about such activities in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests, and to measure advertising effectiveness.
&nbsp;If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising click&nbsp;here&nbsp;[or if located in the European Union click&nbsp;here].
Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.

Third-party websites.&nbsp.
Our website and our mobile applications contain links to third-party websites.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third-party sites.&nbsp.
Please read the privacy policy of any website you visit.

The E.U-U.S and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Frameworks.







Our parent company, Go Daddy Operating Company, LLC (and our related entities, including GoDaddy.com, LLC, Blue Razor Domains, LLC, Starfield Technologies, LLC, Domains by Proxy, LLC, Outright, Inc., Mad Mimi, Inc.
and Media Temple, Inc.) participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S.
and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework.&nbsp.
Go Daddy Operating Company, LLC is committed to subjecting all personal data received from the EU or Switzerland, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles.&nbsp.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S.
Department of Commerce’s&nbsp;Privacy Shield List.
Go Daddy Operating Company, LLC is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.&nbsp.
Go Daddy Operating Company, LLC complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to each Privacy Shield Framework, Go Daddy Operating Company, LLC is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission.
In certain situations, Go Daddy Operating Company, LLC may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at&nbsp;https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the&nbsp;Privacy Shield website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.


How you can access, update or delete your data.

To easily access, view, update, delete or port your personal data (where available), or to update your subscription preferences, please sign into your Account and visit “Account Settings.” Please visit our&nbsp;Privacy Center&nbsp;for additional information and guidance for accessing, updating or deleting data.&nbsp;
If you make a request to delete your personal data and that data is necessary for the products or services you have purchased, the request will be honored only to the extent it is no longer necessary for any Services purchased or required for our legitimate business purposes or legal or contractual record keeping requirements.
If you are unable for any reason to access your Account Settings or our Privacy Center, you may also contact us by one of the methods described in the “Contact Us” section below.
&nbsp;

How we secure, store and retain your data.

We follow generally accepted standards to store and protect the personal data we collect, both during transmission and once received and stored, including utilization of encryption where appropriate.
We retain personal data only for as long as necessary to provide the Services you have requested and thereafter for a variety of legitimate legal or business purposes.
These might include retention periods:

mandated by law, contract or similar obligations applicable to our business operations;
for preserving, resolving, defending or enforcing our legal/contractual rights.
or
needed to maintain adequate and accurate business and financial records.

If you have any questions about the security or retention of your personal data, you can contact us at&nbsp;privacy@godaddy.com.


‘Do Not Track’

&nbsp;notifications.

Some browsers allow you to automatically notify websites you visit not to track you using a “Do Not Track” signal.
There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context.
Like many websites and online services, we currently do not alter our practices when we receive a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser.
To find out more about “Do Not Track,” you may wish to visit&nbsp;www.allaboutdnt.com.

Age restrictions.

Our Services are available for purchase only for those over the age of 18.&nbsp.
Our Services are not targeted to, intended to be consumed by or designed to entice individuals under the age of 18.
If you know of or have reason to believe anyone under the age of 18 has provided us with any personal data, please contact us.

Changes in our Privacy Policy.

We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time.
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and any other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page, at least thirty (30) days prior to the implementation of the changes.

Data Protection Authority.

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) and believe we maintain your personal data subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you may direct questions or complaints to your local supervisory authority or our lead supervisory authority, the UK's&nbsp;Information Commissioner’s Office,&nbsp;as noted below:
www.ico.org.uk
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, United Kingdom
Phone: 0303 123 1113

Contact us.

If you have any privacy-related questions, concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy, our practices or our Services, you may contact our Office of the DPO by email at privacy@godaddy.com.&nbsp.
In the alternative, you may contact us by either of the following means:

By Mail: Attn: Office of the Data Protection Officer, 14455 North Hayden Road, Suite 219, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 USA, or for customers established in the EEA, Attn: Legal,&nbsp;Office of the DPO, 5th Floor, The Shipping Building, Old Vinyl Factory, 252-254 Blyth Road, Hayes, UB3 1HA.&nbsp;
By Phone: (480) 505-8877.



We will respond to all requests, inquiries or concerns within thirty (30) days.


&nbsp;
 Revised: 11/16/18
Copyright © 2000-2018 GoDaddy.com, LLC All Rights Reserved.
