Image - GoGuardian Logo
ProductsAdmin &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
| &nbsp;

Filtering &amp.
MonitoringTeacher &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
| &nbsp;

Classroom ManagementBeaconSuicide PreventionDNSDevice Agnostic FilteringFleetAsset Tracking
Pricing
SupportHelp CenterAdmin SupportTeacher SupportBeacon SupportFleet SupportDirector SupportTraining CoursesStatus
ResourcesBlogWebinarsSelf Harm &amp.
Suicide PreventionSocial-Emotional Learning &amp.
Suicide PreventionSuccess Stories

MenuSign inTry it now
Website Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Website Cookies Notice
Product Terms
Product Privacy Policy
DPA
Image - GoGuardian LogoCloseAdminTeacherBeaconDNS FilteringFleetPricingHelp CenterTraining CoursesSuicide-Harm &amp.
Suicide ResourcesStatusContact Us Sign in Try it now
Introduction
Information Provided Directly to Us through our Products
School and School Official Information
Personal Student Information
Information We Automatically Collect through Our Products
How We Use Information Collected Through Our Products
How We Share Information Collected Through Our Products
How Long We Keep Information
Your Choices about Information Collected through Our Products
How We Protect Your Information
NOTICE TO E.E.A.
AND OTHER NON-U.S.
RESIDENTS
GoGuardian as a Data Controller Vs.
Data Processor
Information Transfer To The United States
How To Contact Us and Dispute Resolution
Cookies Notice
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How to Contact Us
Back to Top

Privacy Policy for Product Users
Last Updated Date: May 17, 2018  Introduction Welcome! GoGuardian (formally — Liminex, Inc.
doing business as GoGuardian — “GoGuardian”, “we”, “us”, “our”) is an educational technology company that provides K-12 schools and school districts with software facilitating safer access to online educational materials along with technology management.
The privacy of each and every user matters deeply to us, and we strive for transparency in all of our data privacy practices—especially when it comes to identifying the information that we collect, use, share, and disclose, as well as how we help keep your information safe.
We take our responsibility to protect your information very seriously.
Please remember that we are always here to answer any questions you have, and we look forward to working with you for years to come.
This Product Privacy Policy (“Product Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, share, disclose, and protect information collected from and about our Product users.
Our products and other product-related services (“Products”) include the following:

GoGuardian Admin
GoGuardian Beacon
GoGuardian Director
GoGuardian Fleet
GoGuardian Teacher

 This Product Privacy Policy does not apply to: 

visitors and users of our general audience Website and their information.
or
organizations or third parties that GoGuardian does not own or manage, or to individuals that GoGuardian does not employ or manage.
We encourage you to review the applicable third party privacy policies and terms of use before submitting any information through those sites or services.


By using Products, you are declaring that you have read and understand this Product Privacy Policy. Additionally, if you are a GoGuardian customer, including a school, school district, corporation, entity, or other organizational customer (“your Organization,” “Organization,” or “School”), our joint GoGuardian Products Terms of Service and End User License Agreement ("EULA"), and as applicable to Schools in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), our Data Protection Agreement ("DPA"), also apply to how we treat your information.

Information Provided Directly to Us through our Products
The information that we collect depends on the Products and features within those Products that a School uses.
We collect some information directly from a School (e.g., information collected when signing up to use our Products) or directly from the School’s students (e.g., browsing information).
We also collect some information automatically (e.g., Product usage information).
School and School Official Information
GoGuardian collects the following information that we collectively label as “School Information”:



Account Information:
 When an official of a School ("School Official") initiates contact through our Website for GoGuardian’s Products on behalf of his/her School, we collect that School Official’s contact information as well as information about his/her School relevant to purchasing and setting up our Products.
This information includes the School Official's name, email address, and phone number, as well as the School’s name, address, billing address, number of devices, number of students, and network configuration.
If the School Official creates an account for GoGuardian’s Products, the School Official must also create a GoGuardian password.



Authorized School Personnel:
 Following a School Official’s establishment of a School account with GoGuardian, the School Official can use GoGuardian’s Products to add additional School personnel such as other School Officials and teachers (together, "School Personnel") from their School and designate their appropriate permission levels in GoGuardian Products.


Support Requests:
 School Personnel can submit requests about our Products to GoGuardian’s support center (e.g., GoGuardian’s Support Center and GoGuardan’s Help Center) through both our Products themselves and from our Website.
When School Personnel submit support requests through these support centers, we receive these requests and associated contact information.


Additional Information About School Personnel:
 Depending on the Products and features selected by a School, GoGuardian’s Products can collect additional information about School Personnel, including chat messages between students and teachers using GoGuardian Teacher, GoGuardian-generated unique account identifiers, and other relevant unique identifiers (e.g., Google Classroom identifiers if School integrates Google Classroom with GoGuardian Teacher).
This information may change if a School and/or School Personnel utilize new features and/or Products.

Personal Student Information
In providing our Products to Schools, we collect information that may, alone or in combination with other available information, be reasonably used to identify a current or former student enrolled in a K-12 School (“Personal Student Information”).
GoGuardian only collects Personal Student Information on school-managed devices and/or accounts where a School has already registered with GoGuardian and chosen to use GoGuardian’s Products.
Schools in the United States must also provide appropriate consent and/or obtain consent to the extent required by applicable law, including the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) and state student privacy laws, unless a relevant legal exception applies.
The Personal Student Information collected by our Products on behalf of a School depends on the particular Products and features selected by a School and the particular settings enabled or disabled by the School.
Pursuant to such selection, the Personal Student Information that we collect includes:



Student’s School-Managed Account Information:
 GoGuardian’s Products collect a student’s School-managed account information: student’s name, email address, Google Profile ID, Google Image URL, and organizational unit as well as device identifiers necessary to associate a student with a certain device and settings.


Online Activity: 
Depending on a School’s currently selected Products, features, integrations and settings, GoGuardian may collect additional information, including a student’s browsing history, IP address, relevant online content and chats within GoGuardian Teacher.


Location:
 Using GoGuardian Admin, a School can collect the geographic location of devices for the purpose of locating and recovering its devices.
No geographic login locations of mobile phones can be accessed or stored by GoGuardian.

The Personal Student Information collected may change if a School utilizes new features and Products.
Information We Automatically Collect through Our Products
Our Products automatically collect the following additional information that we label collectively as “Other School Information”:



Analytics Information and Event Information:
 Our Products automatically collect information through analytics services providers, including IP address, Internet service provider (ISP), date and time stamp, browser language, browser type, amount of time spent on particular portions of our Products, and/or other general usage data.
Similar to other software, we also collect event information regarding how users interact with our Products.
For example, we collect information about how much time users spend on certain features of our Products.


Log Information: 
We also collect log information such as service diagnostics and technical logging information, which may include IP address, login times to our Products, usage times of our Products, browser type, and browser configuration.


Device Information:
 We collect information about the devices that log into our Products, including type of device, device settings, and operating system.


Cookies:
 We use Cookies in our Products for the purposes described in our Cookies Notice.

How We Use Information Collected Through Our Products
We use School Information and Other School Information to:

set up and provide our Products;
analyze and improve our Products;
respond to a School’s and/or School Personnel’s requests and to provide related support;
administer and troubleshoot our Products;
send information to a School and School Personnel about how to use our Products and other important updates;
notify a School and School Officials about new features or Products that may be of interest to them, and, similarly notify other School Personnel of new features or Products that may be of interest to them when residents of the United States or otherwise as permitted by law; help prevent fraud and to enforce the legal terms that govern our Products.
to comply with applicable law and protect our and others’ rights, safety and property.
and
follow further instructions of a School.

 In accordance with our contractual obligations, we use Personal Student Information to: 

provide and improve our Products and for legitimate educational purposes of the School;
enforce the legal terms that govern our Products;
comply with applicable law and protect our and others’ rights, safety and property.
and
follow further instructions of a School.

At all times, Personal Student Information is the property of and under control of a School, or as required by applicable law, Personal Student Information is the property of and under control of the applicable eligible student, parent, or guardian.

We do not sell Personal Student Information.
We do not use Personal Student Information to target advertisements or market to students or anyone else, to amass a profile about a K-12 educational student for a non-educational purpose, or for any purposes prohibited by the Family Educational and Privacy Rights Act (20 U.S.C.
§ 1232g.
34 CFR Part 99.3) ("FERPA"), California Business &amp.
Professions Code section 22584 (“SOPIPA”), and California Education Code section 49073.1. We will not use Personal Student Information for any purpose other than those required or specifically set forth in this Product Privacy Policy, our EULA, DPA, or any other agreement between a School and GoGuardian.
We will also use your Personal Student Information in accordance with applicable student privacy laws, including, as applicable, Connecticut's "Act Concerning Student Privacy".
If you are a Product User in the EEA, please see the “Notice to EEA and Other Non-US Residents” section for more information about how we use information and the legal bases for collecting information.
How We Share Information Collected Through Our Products
We may share or disclose information in the following ways:



School Personnel Access:
 Each School determines which School Personnel have access to the School’s account with GoGuardian’s Products and their permission levels.


Third Parties Supporting Our Products:
 We share information with our service providers that assist us in performing business-related functions that support our Products.
For example, we use hosting services and customer service tools to help support our Products.
When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.


With School Permission or at School Direction:
 We may share or disclose information, including Personal Student Information, to third parties pursuant to a School’s instruction or with a School’s permission.
For example, if a School chooses to integrate GoGuardian’s Products with another third party company’s products or services, then we will share information as instructed.
With your permission, we may also share or disclose your name and other content through a testimonial video or quotation.


Protection of GoGuardian and Others:
 We may share or disclose certain information if we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary or appropriate to (i) protect or defend the rights, safety, or property of GoGuardian or third parties, including to defend or enforce our Product Privacy Policy, EULA, or any other contractual arrangement.
or (ii) to respond to claims that content violates the rights of third parties.


Legal Requirements:
 We may share or disclose certain information if we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary or appropriate to comply with any law enforcement, legal, or regulatory process, such as to respond to a warrant, subpoena, court order, or other applicable laws and regulations.


Business Transfer:
 We may share or disclose certain information, in connection with or during negotiations of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
If such transfer is subject to additional mandatory restrictions under applicable laws, GoGuardian will comply with such restrictions.
The successor entity will be subject to all applicable federal and state laws, including student privacy laws.
In connection with such a transaction, we will also work to ensure that the successor entity has a commitment to student privacy.


Aggregated or De-identified Data:
 We may use, share, or disclose de-identified information for various purposes such as product development, research, and marketing, in compliance with relevant laws.
For example, we may use aggregate, anonymous data to publish an e-Book on Schools’ most utilized online educational resources.

If you are a School or other School Personnel in the EEA, please see our Notice to EEA and Other Non-US Residents below.
How Long We Keep Information
We retain Personal Student Information as directed by the School:



School’s Request for Deletion or Transfer of Personal Student Information: 
GoGuardian acts upon a School’s documented instructions to delete Personal Student Information during and after all School licenses to GoGuardian have expired, unless we are required to retain such information to comply with our legal obligations with law enforcement, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.
Upon instruction to delete Personal Student Information, GoGuardian will take reasonable efforts to delete and/or de-identify such information in a commercially reasonable amount of time under applicable laws.
At the termination of all of the School’s licenses with GoGuardian, GoGuardian and the School may agree to transfer the School’s Personal Student Information back to the School.
In that case, similar to deletion requests, GoGuardian will act upon a School’s documented instruction to transfer the School’s Personal Student Information to the School and take reasonable efforts to transfer such information in a commercially reasonable amount of time under applicable laws, unless we are required to retain such information to comply with our legal obligations, or with law enforcement, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.
For Schools in the EEA, Personal Student Information will be deleted and transferred/ported according to the terms of the DPA or other agreement between the School and GoGuardian.


Deactivated Accounts: 
We may consider a School’s account to be terminated 365 days after all of a School’s GoGuardian licenses expire without use, reactivation, or renewal by the School.
At that time, if a School has not requested deletion of Personal Student Information, we will automatically de-identify and/or delete the School’s Personal Student Information within a commercially reasonable period of time as long as that information is not necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.
All Personal Student Information retained will remain subject to our Product Privacy Policy that was in effect at that time — even after the deactivation of an account or termination of a contract.

We generally retain information other than Personal Student Information for as long as it may be relevant to the purposes above or as required or permitted by law.
To dispose of any personal information, we may anonymize it, delete it or take other appropriate de-identifying steps.
Please note that information may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for an additional period of time.
Your Choices about Information Collected through Our Products
You have certain rights and choices with respect to your information as further described in this section.
Your choices about Account Information and Other Information:



Promotional Communications:
 You can decline promotional communications at the point information is requested for such purpose (e.g., by checking the relevant box) or, by following the unsubscribe instructions on communications sent to you.
You can also contact us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section below.


Cookies and Analytics.
 You can opt out from certain cookie-related and analytics processing by following the instructions in our Cookie Notice below.


California Rights:
 Under California law, California residents may annually request a list of the third parties to which a company discloses personal information for such third parties’ marketing purposes and the types of information disclosed.
However, we do not disclose personal information to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes.


Your Legal Rights Under Local Law: 
Local laws (e.g., laws of the European Union) may permit an individual to request that we: (1) provide access to and/or a copy of certain information that we hold about that individual.
(2) prevent the processing of that individual’s information for direct-marketing purposes (including any direct marketing processing based on profiling).
(3) update an individual’s information which is out of date or incorrect.
(4) delete certain information that we are holding about an individual.
(5) restrict the way that we process and disclose certain of the individual’s information.
(6) transfer an individual’s information to a third party provider of services.
and/or (7) revoke an individual’s consent for the processing of his/her information.
If your local laws provide additional rights, we will consider all requests and provide our response within the time period stated by applicable law.
Please note, however, that certain information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances, which may include if we need to continue processing an individual’s information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation.
We may request that an individual and/or School provide us with information necessary to confirm the individual’s identity before responding to your request.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us as described further in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
In addition to those rights, an individual has the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority.
However, we encourage the individual to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve the individual’s concern.

Your choices about School Information (Except Account Information) and Personal Student Information:



Cooperation with Schools.
We will assist the School in facilitating requests relating to School Personnel Information and Personal Student Information pursuant to the School’s instruction as explained further in the “How Long We Keep Information Collected Through Our Products” or in the “Your Legal Rights Under Local Law” sections above.


Requests from Parents, Legal Guardians, Eligible Students, and School Personnel: 




Review, Correction, and Deletion Requests.
 If a parent, legal guardian, eligible student, or School Personnel wishes to request a review, correction, deletion of Personal Student Information or School Information, he/she should contact the appropriate School Official of his/her or his/her child’s School.
GoGuardian will cooperate with the School to fulfill requests pursuant to the School’s verification and instruction within a commercially reasonable amount of time and in compliance with relevant law.
If you are School Personnel, please note that we may be required to maintain certain School Information if directed to do so by your School Official on behalf of your School employer or as needed by GoGuardian to enforce our legal rights.



Transfer Requests.
 GoGuardian’s Products allow School Personnel to download information on behalf of a parent, legal guardian, eligible student, or School Personnel.
If our Products do not cover the scope of the transfer request, GoGuardian will, following documented instructions from the School, honor the requests from the parent, legal guardian, eligible student, or School Personnel for the transfer of Personal Student Information or personal data of the School Personnel by utilizing the same guidelines as described above in “Review, Correction, and Deletion Requests” in compliance with and as required by relevant law.


Transfer Requests for Student-Generated Content.

California law requires website operators to transfer student-generated content to the student’s personal account when requested by an eligible student, parent, or guardian.
GoGuardian’s Products are not used as the primary platform for students to submit their own content.
To the extent that students in California, or in other states with similar transfer laws, submit their content on GoGuardian’s Products, the appropriate parent, guardian, or eligible student may submit a request to privacy@goguardian.com to transfer this information to him/her.
Following verification of the requestor’s authorization to receive the information (which may require verification by the requestor’s School), we will provide the student-generated content that we have in a commercially reasonable amount of time in either a CSV or other mutually-agreeable format.
Please note that we cannot guarantee retention of student-generated content.



How We Protect Your Information
GoGuardian takes the security and privacy of your School’s data very seriously.
For these reasons, GoGuardian has implemented various technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to protect your information, including specific training of our personnel authorized to access Personal Student Information and other information.
These safeguards vary depending on the sensitivity of the information at issue.
GoGuardian is committed to preventing unauthorized access to our systems and data, and will investigate any possible occurrence.
In the event of a breach of Personal Student Information, GoGuardian will comply with all relevant breach laws to assist the School or provide notification as required to you, a School, affected parents, legal guardians, eligible students, and regulators. NOTICE TO E.E.A.
AND OTHER NON-U.S.
RESIDENTS European Union (“EU”) data protection laws make a distinction between organizations that process personal data for their own purposes (known as "data controllers") and organizations that process personal data on behalf of other organizations (known as "data processors").
Depending on the particular circumstance, GoGuardian and your School may act either as a data controller or a data processor of your personal data.
The laws in some jurisdictions like the EU also require data controllers to share the legal ground that they rely upon to use or disclose personal information.
GoGuardian as a Data Controller Vs.
Data Processor
GoGuardian is considered the “processor” of School Information (except for Account Information) and Personal Student Information.
GoGuardian collects, uses, shares and discloses this information as a processor on behalf of and at the instruction of the School controller, pursuant to our EULA and, if applicable, DPA.
If you have a question or complaint about how your personal data is handled, please contact your School.
GoGuardian is considered the “controller” of Account Information and Other School Information.
GoGuardian as the data controller collects, uses, shares, and discloses this information as described above in this Product Privacy Policy.
We retain the personal data contained in this information for as long as necessary to provide you with our Products, or for other important purposes such as complying with legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements.
Our legal grounds for using Account Information and Other School Information are as follows:



Contractual Commitments: 
We use, share, and disclose information to honor our contractual commitments to a School.


Legal Compliance: 
We need to use, share, and disclose information in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations.


With Your Consent: 
Where required by law, and in some other cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the basis of consent.


Legitimate Interests: 
In many cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the ground that it furthers our legitimate business interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals, such as customer service, analyzing and improving our business, promotional activities, providing security for our Products, preventing fraud, and managing legal issues.

Information Transfer To The United States
Our Products are operated in the United States.
If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information that you provide to us will be transferred to and/or accessed within the United States.
The recipients of information described in the relevant “How We Share Information” sections above may be located in the United States.
This information may be subject to United States law, including laws that may require disclosure of personal information to government authorities.



European Union-United States and Swiss-United States Privacy Shield: 
GoGuardian has certified with the EU-United States and Swiss-United States Privacy Shield as set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of “personal data” (as defined under the Privacy Shield principles) from applicable European countries.
We have certified that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles of notice, choice, purpose limitation, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, recourse, liability, and enforcement for such personal data.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield list by clicking here.
As required under the principles, when GoGuardian receives personal data under the Privacy Shield and then transfers it to a third-party service provider acting as an agent on GoGuardian’s behalf, we have certain liability under the Privacy Shield if both (i) the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield.
and (ii) GoGuardian is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.


Choices of International Users: 
Some international users (including those whose information we collect under the Privacy Shield) of our Products have certain legal rights to access certain information that we hold about them and to request its deletion.
Please see the “Choices about Information Collected through Our Products” section above for more information.

How To Contact Us and Dispute Resolution


How to Contact Us for Non-U.S.
Residents:
 Individuals located outside the United States who have questions or concerns regarding GoGuardian’s Product Privacy Policy or practices may direct a complaint in writing to GoGuardian Privacy Officer, Liminex, Inc.
dba GoGuardian, 200 Pacific Coast Highway, Suite 200 El Segundo, CA 90245.
Tel: 888-310-0410 Email: privacy@goguardian.com.
Within a reasonable time of receiving the written complaint, GoGuardian will review and address the complaint, as appropriate, and inform the individual of the results of such review and any steps taken to address the complaint.


Dispute Resolution for EU and Swiss Residents:
 If you are a resident of the EU or Switzerland and are dissatisfied with the manner in which we have addressed your concerns, you may seek further assistance, at no cost to you, from our designated Privacy Shield independent recourse mechanism, the JAMS Privacy Shield Program, which you can learn more about by visiting https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield.
Residents of the EU or Switzerland may elect to arbitrate unresolved complaints but prior to initiating such arbitration, you must: (1) afford us the opportunity to resolve the issue.
(2) seek assistance via GoGuardian’s recourse mechanism above.
and (3) contact the U.S.
Department of Commerce (either directly or through a European Data Protection Authority) and afford the Department of Commerce time to attempt to resolve the issue.
Each party shall be responsible for its own attorney’s fees.
Please be advised that, pursuant to the Privacy Shield, the arbitrator(s) may only impose individual-specific, non-monetary, equitable relief necessary to remedy any violation of the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to the individual.
GoGuardian is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Cookies Notice 

What are cookies?


Cookies are small text files stored on your computer that allow us to understand usage of our Website.
Cookies include cookies, Internet server logs, tags, Software Development Kit/SDKs, tracking pixels, and other similar tracking technologies.
A number of Cookies that we use last only for the duration of your session, expiring when your session ends (the so-called "session cookies").
Other Cookies are used to help our systems recognize you if you return to our Website and will thus retained longer (the so-called "persistent cookies").
Some of the cookies used on our Website are set by us, and some are set by third parties that are delivering services on our behalf.


What types of Cookies does GoGuardian use and what data do they collect?


We use Cookies on our Product that automatically collect information to:

understand usage of our Products and to improve these Products;
authenticate your account.
and
remember your settings and account information.


We do not use any advertising Cookies in our Products and we do not place advertisements in our Products.



What are my choices about Cookies?


You can learn more about how Cookies work and how to turn them off in your particular browsers.
Please remember that if you replace, change or upgrade your browser, or delete your Cookies, you may need to use these opt-out tools again.
For information about Cookies used by the developers of these browsers, please visit:

Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
Android Browser

For controls specific to advertising and analytics services offered by Google, click here from each of your browsers.

Note About Do Not Track: Do Not Track (“DNT”): is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services.
Some browsers do not recognize DNT settings.
At this time, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals because we do not track you across websites.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Product Privacy Policy such as to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and use practices, and the features of our Products.
At the top of our Product Privacy Policy, we will indicate the date of the most recent update to this Product Privacy Policy.
We will notify your School of material changes to the Product Privacy Policy on our Website, and make additional efforts to notify your School of material changes that impact the treatment of data collected via our Products and/or via email.
We will also obtain your School’s consent before any material changes to our Product Privacy Policy apply to your School where required by applicable law.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns, the best way to reach us is by emailing privacy@goguardian.com.
You can also reach us by calling 888-310-0410 or by writing to Liminex, Inc.
dba GoGuardian, Attn: Chief Privacy Officer, 200 Pacific Coast Highway, Suite 200 El Segundo, CA 90245.
Additionally, please feel free to consult additional resources such as the ones listed below.

Student Privacy Resource List:


Student Privacy Pledge
FERPA | SHERPA
Department of Education’s Privacy Technology Assistance Center (“PTAC”)
The Federal Trade Commission’s Complying with COPPA: Frequently Asked Questions

GoGuardian provides device management solutions that keep students safer online and make teaching easier.Click for Google PlusClick for TwitterClick for FacebookClick for YoutubeClick for LinkedInMade with ❤ in California © Liminex, Inc.
doing business as GoGuardian.
All rights reserved.
Google, the Google logo, Chrome, Chrome OS, Chromebook, and the Chrome logo are registered trademarks of Google, Inc.
All rights reserved.
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Terms&nbsp;•&nbsp;Privacy Policy
Responsible Security Reporting ProgramSolutions
DNS FilteringSmart FilteringClassroom ManagementFiltering &amp.
MonitoringAsset TrackingEngagement AnalyticsSuicide PreventionSmart AlertsCompany
ISTECareersLeadershipNewsroomTrust &amp.
PrivacyReseller InformationNew ResellersPartner PortalBrand GuidelinesContact UsSupport
Help CenterGoGuardian AdminGoGuardian TeacherGoGuardian BeaconGoGuardian DirectorGoGuardian FleetTrainingStatusResources
PricingBlogWebinarsSelf-Harm &amp.
Suicide ResourcesSocial-Emotional Learning &amp.
Suicide PreventionSuccess Stories&lt;img src="//googleads.g.doubleclick.net/pagead/viewthroughconversion/969383264/?value=0&amp;amp;amp;guid=ON&amp;amp;amp;script=0" alt="googleads"&gt; Image - GoGuardian Logo
ProductsAdmin &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
| &nbsp;

Filtering &amp.
MonitoringTeacher &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
| &nbsp;

Classroom ManagementBeaconSuicide PreventionDNSDevice Agnostic FilteringFleetAsset Tracking
Pricing
SupportHelp CenterAdmin SupportTeacher SupportBeacon SupportFleet SupportDirector SupportTraining CoursesStatus
ResourcesBlogWebinarsSelf Harm &amp.
Suicide PreventionSocial-Emotional Learning &amp.
Suicide PreventionSuccess Stories

MenuSign inTry it now
Website Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Website Cookies Notice
Product Terms
Product Privacy Policy
DPA
Image - GoGuardian LogoCloseAdminTeacherBeaconDNS FilteringFleetPricingHelp CenterTraining CoursesSuicide-Harm &amp.
Suicide ResourcesStatusContact Us Sign in Try it now
1.
GOGUARDIAN'S TECHNOLOGY 
2.
YOUR USE OF OUR PRODUCTS
3.
YOUR DATA AND INFORMATION 
4.
PAYMENT
5.
TERMINATION AND CANCELLATION
6.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS
7.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
8.
GOVERNING LAW, DISPUTE RESOLUTION, AND OTHER LEGAL INFORMATION
9.
MISCELLANEOUS
Back to Top

GoGuardian Products Terms of Service and End User License Agreement 
Last Updated Date: December 7, 2018 
Welcome to GoGuardian! Before using GoGuardian’s products or services, you must read and agree to this this combined Terms of Service and End User License Agreement for our Products, GoGuardian’s Product Privacy Policy, and applicable GoGuardian Invoices (“Invoice(s)”) or GoGuardian Order Form(s) (“Order Form(s)”) (collectively, the “Terms”).
Additionally, if your Organization is located in the European Union ("EU"), European Economic Area (“EEA”), or Switzerland, you must also read and agree to GoGuardian’s Data Protection Addendum (“DPA”), which are incorporated into the Terms for you and your Organization.
Please take the time to review these Termsit carefully.

When do these Terms apply? This is a legal contract governing your use of software, products, and services — including any upgrades thereto (together, “Products”) — provided by GoGuardian (formally — Liminex, Inc.
doing business as GoGuardian — “GoGuardian,” “we,” us,” or “our”).

By installing or using the Products in any way, you are representing and warranting that you have the authority, the right, and the capacity to legally bind yourself and your assignees (collectively, “you,” “yourself,” or “your”) as well as your school, corporation, entity, or other organization, including all employees, agents, and affiliates of such entities (collectively, “your Organization”).
You understand that use of the Products requires the consent for monitoring and recording information and communications of all users on the devices on which you deploy the Products.
You represent and warrant that you have obtained such consent.
 You are also agreeing, on behalf of yourself and your Organization, to these Terms.
You are free to reject these Terms, but then you may not use our Products in any way.


IMPORTANT NOTICE: These Terms are subject to binding arbitration and a waiver of class action rights as detailed in the Arbitration and Class Action Waiver Section 7.2 below.
As discussed further below in Section 8.6, GoGuardian also reserves the right to modify or replace these Terms.
You are responsible for regularly reviewing your GoGuardian account and this page of our Website for any changes to the Terms.

When does the Website Terms of Service apply? We have a separate Website Terms of Service that governs only use of our Website.

1.
GOGUARDIAN'S TECHNOLOGY 
1.1 License to Use Our Products
By installing and/or otherwise using our Products, GoGuardian grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable, revocable license to install and use the specific GoGuardian Products identified in the applicable Invoice or Order Form solely for your Organization’s internal business purposes on the number of authorized devices and for the duration specified in the applicable Invoice or Order Form (“License”), unless such License is terminated earlier pursuant to these Terms.
Such License shall be in accordance with any documentation provided in connection with the Products, such as Product instructions.
The Products governed by these Terms are licensed to you, not sold to you.

You agree to not sub-license, rent, lease, transfer, or otherwise distribute the Products or any rights to use the Products (including, without limitation, your username, password, and/or any other similar information) to any third party or use it in any type of outsourcing environment.
You also agree not to copy, display, seek to disable, distribute, perform, publish, modify, transfer, create works from, or use the Products or any component of it, except as expressly authorized by GoGuardian.
1.2 GoGuardian’s Intellectual Property 
Except as expressly licensed to you herein, GoGuardian and its licensors reserve all past, present, and future right, title, ownership, and interest in the Products (including, but not limited to, all photographs, animations, statistics, graphics, text, and any other materials in the Products), associated copyrights, trademarks, logos, trade secrets, patents, service marks, know-how, and other proprietary rights of any type under the laws of any governmental authority, domestic or foreign, including rights in and to all applications and registrations relating to the Products (“Intellectual Property”).
You understand that GoGuardian solely and exclusively owns the Intellectual Property, and you have no ownership rights to any of our Intellectual Property or Products.
All rights to our Products not expressly granted herein are reserved by GoGuardian.

Our Products may contain material derived in whole or in part from material supplied by GoGuardian as well as other sources, and such material is protected by United States copyright laws, international treaty provisions, trademarks, service marks and other intellectual property laws.
You agree to abide by all applicable copyright and other intellectual property laws.

You agree to protect GoGuardian’s Intellectual Property and proprietary rights as well as any other company’s proprietary rights, and notify us any unauthorized access or use of our Products.
Your right to use the Products is also predicated on your compliance with any applicable terms or agreements that you have with third parties when using the Products.
You agree not to (1) remove or alter any of GoGuardian's trademarks and/or logos, any legal notices included in the Products, and/or any related assets.
(2) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the Products, or any component thereof, by any means whatsoever.
(3) copy any features, functions, or graphics of the Products to develop a competitive product.
and/or (4) use any of GoGuardian’s trademarks, trade names, service marks, copyrights, or logos in any manner which creates the impression that such items belong to or are associated with you or are used with our consent, except as otherwise provided herein.

1.3 Updates to the Products
You agree that GoGuardian may automatically install updates, upgrades, and additional features to our Products that we deem to be reasonable, beneficial to you, and/or reasonably necessary.
You acknowledge and agree that any obligation GoGuardian may have to support previous version(s) of Products may end when an update, upgrade, and/or additional feature is made available.
This License shall apply to any updates, upgrades, and/or additional features that are not distributed with a separate license or other agreement.

1.4 Downtime and Suspension of GoGuardian’s Products

You acknowledge that GoGuardian, may at its discretion, suspend your access to the Products at any time for the duration of including (but not limited to): (1) maintenance.
(2) downtime for any reason, including power outages, system failures, or other interruptions.
(3) our attempt to mitigate an attack on our Products.
(4) our attempt to mitigate the risk of our Products to you or any other of GoGuardian's customers if the Products were not suspended.
(5) our attempt to comply, in our sole discretion, with legal requirements.
or (6) any other reasonable events.
1.5 Your Feedback on Our Products
Any and all of your feedback about GoGuardian or the Products, such as suggestions for corrections, updates, alterations, changes, or modifications to the Products will be the property of GoGuardian and you hereby assign any rights in such feedback to GoGuardian, without payment to you.
2.
YOUR USE OF OUR PRODUCTS
2.1 Account Registration, Set Up, and Management
You hereby represent and warrant that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age and are fully authorized and competent to enter into the Terms on behalf of yourself and your Organization.
You are responsible for your account with GoGuardian.
You agree to provide upon registration and maintain at all times accurate, current, and complete information.
You are also responsible for ensuring the confidentiality and security of your account information with GoGuardian, such as your username and password.
If we have reasonable grounds to suspect that your account and registration information does not meet these requirements, we may deny you access or terminate your GoGuardian account.

You are responsible for issuing any additional accounts only to the appropriate employees of your Organization.
You are responsible for selecting and updating settings in the Products as you see fit and in compliance with applicable law.

GoGuardian cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to properly comply with this Section.

2.2 Your Responsibilities
You are solely responsible for notifying the appropriate individuals about the existence of the Products on the devices they use and/or in connection with their account and obtaining any required consent from such individuals in accordance with applicable law.
We recommend that you notify all students and their parents and teachers about your use of GoGuardian and supply a copy of GoGuardian’s Product Privacy Policy.

If you gain access to any data or Personal Student Information (as defined in GoGuardian’s Product Privacy Policy) that triggers a legal obligation such as a mandatory reporting duties for you or your Organization, it is your sole responsibility to fulfill that legal obligation.

You and your Organization agree to abide by all applicable federal and state laws, including but not limited to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (“FERPA”), the Protection of Pupil Rights Amendment (“PPRA”), and the Children’s Online Privacy and Protection Act (“COPPA”), for purposes of these Terms.
2.3 Acceptable Use of GoGuardian’s Products
We need your help ensuring that our Products are used safely and appropriately.
You agree that you will not use the Products:

On any computers and/or accounts on which you do not have permission to operate and on which the Products cannot be legally and rightfully operated.
To do anything, including posting information that is abusive, harmful, threatening, harassing, libelous, bullying, stalking, or otherwise objectionable.
To do anything unlawful, deceptive, misleading, illegal, unethical, malicious, or discriminatory.

To intentionally violate another person's privacy rights under applicable laws and regulations.
For commercial purposes.
To do anything to burden, compromise, or interfere with the Products, their appearances, their security, or their functionality.
In any way that jeopardizes the security of your or others' accounts.
To transfer, sell, or trade the Products with anyone without our written permission from GoGuardian.
sell or otherwise transfer your account.
or use or access any account or Products that have been transferred, sold, or traded from another user without our written permission from GoGuardian, except as permitted by these Terms.
To collect any user’s content or information, or to otherwise access the Products, using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, or scrapers) without our prior permission.
To import, export, re-export, or transfer, directly or indirectly, any part of the Products or any underlying information or technology except in full compliance with all applicable United States and foreign law.
To advertise, solicit, or transmit commercial advertisements, including without limitation, junk e-mail, spam, or any other unsolicited messages regardless of the medium (e.g., email, text, SMS, chat, etc.).
In a way that violates these Terms or any guidelines or policies posted by us or in a way that interferes with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Products.

If you violate any of these rules or use the Products in any way that is not authorized, GoGuardian may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, remove any User Content (defined below) and/or restrict or terminate your account.
Additionally, the misuse or unauthorized use of our Products may result in civil and/or criminal liability for you and/or your Organization.
You agree to immediately notify us at terms@goguardian.com upon learning of any unauthorized use, misuse, or abuse of your GoGuardian account or our Products.

3.
YOUR DATA AND INFORMATION 
3.1 Our Privacy Practices 
GoGuardian provides educational Products and functions to schools.
Our Product Privacy Policy sets forth how we collect, use, share, and safeguard information collected through our Products.
When we collect student information through our Products that includes “educational records” as defined under the FERPA regulation 34 CFR §§ 99.31(a)(1), we agree to act as a “school official” with "legitimate educational interests" in your students' education records under FERPA, or act under another applicable FERPA exception, such as the “directory information” exception.
3.2 Disclosure of Account Information 
You acknowledge, consent, and agree that GoGuardian may access, preserve, and disclose your account information, and content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation, or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with legal process.
(ii) to enforce these Terms or the GoGuardian Product Privacy Policy.
(iii) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties.
(iv) respond to your requests for customer service.
or (v) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of GoGuardian, its users, and/or the public.
3.3 Communications to You 
You may receive certain commercial communications from GoGuardian.
You may opt out of receiving these communications at any time by using the unsubscribe functionality in such communications or emailing unsubscribe@goguardian.com.

3.4 Student and User-Generated Content 
The Products may enable you or students to submit, post, upload, or otherwise make available (collectively, "post") content such as messages, ideas, comments, and other content (collectively, "User Content") that may or may not be viewable by other users.
For example, teachers can send links to educational resources and exchange messages with students through GoGuardian Teacher.
 You acknowledge and agree that all User Content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person from whom the User Content originated.
You also agree that you have all required rights to submit, post, upload, or otherwise own, use, or disseminate such User Content without violating third party rights.
You agree that you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless GoGuardian for all claims resulting from User Content that you post.
We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of such disputes, and in any event, you will cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.
You further acknowledge and agree that we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to reject, move, edit, or remove any User Content that is contributed to the Products, but we but do not assume the obligation.
You acknowledge and agree that we do not verify, adopt, ratify, or sanction User Content, and you agree that you must evaluate and bear all risks associated with your use of or reliance on User Content.
You understand that by using the Products, you may be exposed to User Content that you may consider offensive or objectionable.

In order to provide the full functionality of the Products, including displaying your User Content in our Products and allowing other users to utilize this User Content (such as allowing students to learn from the material you send them), you grant us certain rights to your User Content, contained in the license below.
This license will not transfer ownership of your User Content to us.
As a reminder, all User Content will be subject to our Product Privacy Policy, which further describes how we treat and share information.

When you submit User Content on or through your use of any of the Products, you grant us a world-wide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, non-exclusive, and sub-licenseable license, subject to these Terms and Product Privacy Policy, to use, copy, reproduce, modify, edit, adapt, translate, and create derivative works from this User Content (such as adapting your User Content to work better with our Products and meet our technical requirements) in any current or future-developed format, or medium, or channel through which all, part, or derivative works of the Products are offered, for purposes of providing you with the functionality of the Products.

Additionally, if your User Content submitted on or through our Products is only for your use, then the license that you grant us also includes the right to use, display, perform, publish, and distribute this User Content for purposes of providing the functionality of the Products to you.
If your User Content is viewable to others on or through our Products (such as other teachers in your Organization or other members of a forum) and/or you use our Products to share your User Content with others (such when you distribute your User Content through GoGuardian Teacher to your students for their use), then the license you grant us also includes the right for us to display, perform, publish, and distribute such User Content to those other individuals with viewing ability as well as the right for those specified others to use and/or exercise all other applicable rights to that User Content as permitted by the functionality of the Products.
The submission of any User Content through any third party links or applications made available or accessible in the Products shall be subject to such third parties’ terms and privacy policies.

4.
PAYMENT
Your Organization must pay the amount due on any Invoice or Order Form within thirty (30) days.
If you have reason to believe that your Organization's payment will be late, please contact orders@goguardian.com at your earliest convenience.
Upon your Organization's cancellation of our Products, payment remains due for the remaining balance of the term referenced in the applicable GoGuardian Invoice or Order Form.

5.
TERMINATION AND CANCELLATION
5.1 Cancellation or Termination of Your Account 
You can terminate your Products at any time, with or without cause, in writing by emailing accountcancellation@goguardian.com and expressly stating you wish to terminate your account.
However, this termination of your and/or your Organization’s account with GoGuardian does not entitle you or your Organization to a refund.
GoGuardian reserves the right to restrict, suspend, or terminate your and/or your Organization’s Products at any time without prior notification or liability, with or without cause including (without limitation): (1) your breach of the terms of the Terms.
or (2) failure to pay the fees set forth in the Invoice or Order Form.

Upon termination of these Terms for any reason, the License granted in these Terms will be terminated and your right to use the Products will immediately cease to exist, and you and your Organization must immediately discontinue all use of the Products, erase and/or uninstall the Products, and either destroy or return to us any accompanying documentation in you or your Organization’s possession or control and, if requested by GoGuardian, certify in writing to GoGuardian that you or your Organization has fully complied with these requirements.
All provisions of these Terms, shall survive termination, including, without limitation: (1) GoGuardian’s Technology (1.0)).
(2) Your Use of Our Products (2.0).
(3) Payment (4.0).
(4) Termination and Cancellation (5.0).
(5) Warranty Disclaimers (6.0).
(6) Limitation of Liability (7.0).
and (7) Governing Law, Dispute Resolution, and Other Legal Information (8.0).
5.2 GoGuardian's Ability to Cure
If you think GoGuardian has breached these Terms and that breach is capable of remedy, you will notify GoGuardian at terms@goguardian.com and grant GoGuardian a commercially reasonable amount of time, not to exceed thirty (30) days, to cure this breach.
If, after such time, GoGuardian is unable to cure the breach, you may notify GoGuardian in writing that these Terms have been terminated by emailing accountcancellation@goguardian.com.
6.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS
GoGuardian provides its Products using a commercially reasonable level of skill and care, but we cannot promise certain things about our Products.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, THE PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS-IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITH ALL FAULTS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND YOUR USE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
THE ENTIRE RISK OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE RESIDES WITH YOU.
GOGUARDIAN AND ITS RESPECTIVE LICENSORS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, AND REPRESENTATIVES (COLLECTIVELY “GOGUARDIAN” FOR PURPOSES OF THIS SECTION 6) DO NOT MAKE, AND HEREBY DISCLAIM, ANY AND ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, ACCURACY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
WE (AND OUR SUPPLIERS) MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE PRODUCTS WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, WILL BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS, OR WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE, COMPLETE, LEGAL, OR SAFE.
YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF YOUR COMMUNICATIONS AND INTERACTIONS BASED ON THE PRODUCTS, INCLUDING ANY AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED ALERTS THAT YOU MAY RECEIVE.
GOGUARDIAN IS NOT A MEDICAL HEALTHCARE PROVIDER.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT GOGUARDIAN IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION OTHER THAN TO PROVIDE THE PRODUCTS TO YOU IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
YOU HEREBY RELEASE GOGUARDIAN, ITS OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND SUCCESSORS IN RIGHTS FROM ANY CLAIMS, DAMAGES, AND DEMANDS OF EVERY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO ANY CLAIMS MADE BY YOUR USERS OR THEIR FAMILIES.
IF APPLICABLE LAW REQUIRES ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE AND PRODUCTS, ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF FIRST USE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
7.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL GOGUARDIAN (OR OUR SUPPLIERS) BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, PROPERTY DAMAGE, ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER OR DEVICE FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE PRODUCTS, EVEN IF GOGUARDIAN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, OUR PRODUCTS IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE OR COMPUTER SYSTEM, OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, AND UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, TORT OR STRICT LIABILITY, AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, (FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION), WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU OR YOUR ORGANIZATION FOR THE PRODUCTS GIVING RISE TO SUCH CLAIM IN THE CALENDAR YEAR IN WHICH SUCH CLAIM AROSE.
THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM WILL NOT ENLARGE THIS LIMIT.
YOU AGREE THAT OUR SUPPLIERS WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
8.
GOVERNING LAW, DISPUTE RESOLUTION, AND OTHER LEGAL INFORMATION
8.1 Governing Law 
These Terms and any dispute arising from or relating to these Terms are governed by the laws of the state of California, United States, without regard to conflict of law principles.
You further agree to accept service of process by mail.
If your Organization is a U.S.
public and accredited educational institution, domiciled in a state within the U.S.
that expressly requires a different choice of law other than California law, then your state’s law will apply.
Except with respect to the arbitration provisions contained herein in Section 8.2, the parties consent to exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue in the courts located in Los Angeles County, California.
If your Organization is a U.S.
public and accredited educational institution domiciled in a state within the U.S.
that expressly requires a different venue, then your state’s law will apply.

8.2 Arbitration and Class Action Waiver
We have selected an initial dispute resolution procedure to more efficiently resolve dispute between you and GoGuardian.
Please read this section carefully to understand how arbitration and the class action waiver provisions may affect your legal rights, including your right to file a lawsuit in court and have a jury trial.

8.2.1 Federal Arbitration Act
You and GoGuardian (“the parties” or “both parties”) agree that these Terms affect interstate commerce and that the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of these arbitration provisions.
8.2.2 Initial Dispute Resolution
In the event of a dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Products, any person’s access to and/or use of the Products, and/or the provision of content, Products, and/or technology on or through the Products (collectively, “Claims”), both parties must first give the other notice of the Claim.
This notice must include a brief written statement with the name, address, and contact information of the party giving it, as well as the facts giving rise to the Claim and the relief requested.
You must send any such notice to GoGuardian by email to terms@goguardian.com
AND by U.S.
Mail to GoGuardian, 200 North Sepulveda, Suite 200, El Segundo, CA 90245.&nbsp.
If we have your contact information, we will send any such notice to you by U.S.
Mail and your email address.&nbsp.
The parties first attempt to resolve any Claims through informal negotiation within thirty (30) days from the date that any notice of a Claim is sent.&nbsp.
The parties shall use reasonable, good faith, efforts to settle any Claim through consultation and good faith negotiations.&nbsp.
After 30 days, you or GoGuardian may resort to the other alternatives described in this Section 8.2 .&nbsp.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the notice and 30 day negotiation period required by this paragraph shall not apply to Claims concerning patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks, and trade secrets and claims of piracy or unauthorized use of the Products.

8.2.3 Binding Arbitration
Except as otherwise specifically set forth below, any Claims between you and GoGuardian, if unresolved through informal discussions within thirty (30) days of the sending of the notice described above, shall be resolved by binding arbitration to be held in Los Angeles, California.
If your Organization is a U.S.
public and accredited educational institution and your consent to binding arbitration is expressly prohibited by the laws of the state within the U.S.
in which your educational institution is domiciled, then this subsection 8.2.3 is hereby waived.
The arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator, governed by JAMS pursuant to its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules &amp.
Procedures (collectively, “JAMS Rules”), as modified by these Terms, and administered by JAMS.
The JAMS Rules and fee information are available at www.jamsadr.org or by calling JAMS at 1-800-352-5267.&nbsp.

The decision of the arbitrator will be in writing and binding and conclusive on you and GoGuardian, and judgment to enforce the decision may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction.&nbsp.
You and GoGuardian agree that dispositive motions, including without limitation motions to dismiss and motions for summary judgment, will be allowed in the arbitration.&nbsp.
The arbitrator must follow these Terms and can award the same damages and relief as a court, including injunctive or other equitable relief and attorney’s fees.&nbsp;&nbsp.
You and GoGuardian understand that, absent this mandatory arbitration provision, you and GoGuardian would have the right to sue in court and have a jury trial.&nbsp.

If any clause within this subsection 8.2.3 is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that specific clause will be severed from this Section, and the remainder of its provisions will be given full force and effect.&nbsp.

8.2.4 Class Action Waiver 
The parties further agree that any arbitration shall be conducted in their individual capacities only and not as a class action or other representative action, and the parties expressly waive their right to file a class action or seek relief on a class basis.
YOU AND GOGUARDIAN AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
If any court or arbitrator determines that the class action waiver set forth in this paragraph is void or unenforceable for any reason or that an arbitration can proceed on a class basis, then the arbitration provision set forth above shall be deemed null and void in its entirety and the parties shall be deemed to have not agreed to arbitrate Claims.
8.2.5 Exception: Litigation of Intellectual Property and Small Claims Court Claims
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Claims concerning patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks, and trade secrets and claims of piracy or unauthorized use of the Products shall not be subject to arbitration.&nbsp.
You or GoGuardian may choose to pursue a Claim in small claims court where jurisdiction and venue over you and GoGuardian otherwise qualifies for such small claims court and where the Claim does not include a request for any type of equitable relief.
8.2.6 Confidentiality
All aspects of the arbitration proceeding, including but not limited to the award of the arbitrator and compliance therewith, shall be strictly confidential.
Both parties agree to maintain confidentiality unless otherwise required by law.
This paragraph shall not prevent you or GoGuardian from submitting to a court of law any information necessary to enforce these Terms, to enforce an arbitration award, or to seek injunctive or equitable relief.
8.3 Waiver of Jury Trial 
YOU AND GOGUARDIAN HEREBY WAIVE YOUR CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY, instead electing that all Claims shall be resolved by arbitration.
In the event any litigation should arise between the parties in any state or federal court in a suit to vacate or enforce an arbitration award or otherwise, YOU AND GOGUARDIAN WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL, instead electing that the Claim be resolved by a judge.
8.4 Changes to this Section
GoGuardian will provide 60-days' notice of any changes to Section 7 and Section 8.
Changes will become effective on the 60th day, and will apply prospectively only to any Claims arising after the 60th day.
If a court or arbitrator decides that this subsection on “Changes to this Section” is not enforceable or valid, then this subsection 8.4 shall be severed from Section 8, and the court or arbitrator shall apply the first Arbitration and Class Action Waiver (or similarly named) section in existence after you first installed, accessed, or used any of the Products.
9.
MISCELLANEOUS
9.1 Entire Agreement 
These Terms and additional agreements for other Products to which you subscribe, constitute the entire agreement between you and GoGuardian with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements between you and GoGuardian, whether written or oral, relating to the same subject matter.
In the event of any conflict between these Terms and the terms of any GoGuardian Order Form or Invoice, the terms of the GoGuardian Order Form or Invoice shall prevail.
GoGuardian rejects additional or conflicting terms of your Organization's form-purchasing document.
The headings of these Terms (e.g., "Entire Agreement (9.1)") are for readability only and do not constitute terms.
9.2 Language 
You agree that these Terms and all related documents be drawn up in the English language.
9.3 Severability and Interpretation of Any Invalid Terms
If any provision of these Terms is invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
 9.4 Force Majeure 
The failure of GoGuardian to comply with any provision of these Terms due to an act of God, hurricane, war, fire, riot, earthquake, terrorism, act of public enemy, actions of governmental authorities outside of the control of GoGuardian (excepting compliance with applicable codes and regulations), or other force majeure event will not be considered a breach of these Terms.
9.5 No Third Party Beneficiaries 
You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in these Terms, there shall be no third party beneficiaries to these Terms.
 9.6 Changes to our Terms 
Except as discussed in Section 8.4, we reserve the right to make changes to these Terms for any purposes.
We will notify you of any material changes in accordance with applicable law.
We also will do our best to tell you of any changes to these Terms in advance by thirty (30) days, but there may be times, such as to comply with legal requirements or to adjust to a new feature or Product, that we may not be able to notify you in advance.
Your continued use of the Products following an update to these Terms and/or an affirmative acceptance of these new Terms, whichever is sooner, will constitute acceptance of these Terms.
If you do not agree with the new Terms, please immediately discontinue use of the Products, and email us at accountcancellation@goguardian.com.
 Our Terms were last updated and is effective as of December 7, 2018
GoGuardian provides device management solutions that keep students safer online and make teaching easier.Click for Google PlusClick for TwitterClick for FacebookClick for YoutubeClick for LinkedInMade with ❤ in California © Liminex, Inc.
doing business as GoGuardian.
All rights reserved.
Google, the Google logo, Chrome, Chrome OS, Chromebook, and the Chrome logo are registered trademarks of Google, Inc.
All rights reserved.
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Terms&nbsp;•&nbsp;Privacy Policy
Responsible Security Reporting ProgramSolutions
DNS FilteringSmart FilteringClassroom ManagementFiltering &amp.
MonitoringAsset TrackingEngagement AnalyticsSuicide PreventionSmart AlertsCompany
ISTECareersLeadershipNewsroomTrust &amp.
PrivacyReseller InformationNew ResellersPartner PortalBrand GuidelinesContact UsSupport
Help CenterGoGuardian AdminGoGuardian TeacherGoGuardian BeaconGoGuardian DirectorGoGuardian FleetTrainingStatusResources
PricingBlogWebinarsSelf-Harm &amp.
Suicide ResourcesSocial-Emotional Learning &amp.
Suicide PreventionSuccess Stories&lt;img src="//googleads.g.doubleclick.net/pagead/viewthroughconversion/969383264/?value=0&amp;amp;amp;guid=ON&amp;amp;amp;script=0" alt="googleads"&gt; Image - GoGuardian Logo
ProductsAdmin &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
| &nbsp;

Filtering &amp.
MonitoringTeacher &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
| &nbsp;

Classroom ManagementBeaconSuicide PreventionDNSDevice Agnostic FilteringFleetAsset Tracking
Pricing
SupportHelp CenterAdmin SupportTeacher SupportBeacon SupportFleet SupportDirector SupportTraining CoursesStatus
ResourcesBlogWebinarsSelf Harm &amp.
Suicide PreventionSocial-Emotional Learning &amp.
Suicide PreventionSuccess Stories

MenuSign inTry it now
Website Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Website Cookies Notice
Product Terms
Product Privacy Policy
DPA
Image - GoGuardian LogoCloseAdminTeacherBeaconDNS FilteringFleetPricingHelp CenterTraining CoursesSuicide-Harm &amp.
Suicide ResourcesStatusContact Us Sign in Try it now
Introduction
Information Provided Directly
Information We Collect Automatically
How We Use Information Collected Through Our Website
How We Share Information Collected Through Our Website
Data Controller vs.
Processor.
Our Legal Bases for Using Your Information
How Long We Keep Information
Your Choices
How We Protect Your Information
Notice to EU and Other Non-U.S.
Residents 
Cookies Notice
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How to Contact Us
Back to Top

Privacy Policy for Website Visitors
Last Updated Date: May 17, 2018  Introduction Welcome to GoGuardian's Website! GoGuardian (formally — Liminex, Inc.
doing business as GoGuardian — "GoGuardian", "we", "us", "our") is an educational technology company that provides K-12 schools and school districts with software facilitating safer access to online educational materials along with technology management.
GoGuardian's Website refers to our general-audience, public-facing website with a main landing page of goguardian.com ("Website").
This Website Privacy Policy applies to visitors and users of our Website and explains how we collect, use, share, disclose, and protect information from these visitors and users of our Website ("Website Privacy Policy").

This Website Privacy Policy does not apply to:


the use of GoGuardian's Products by one of our school or school district customers or other organizational customers ("School(s)" or "your Organization").
For more information about how we treat information in our Products, please visit our Privacy Policy for Product Users ("Product Privacy Policy"), and, as applicable to Schools in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), our Data Processing Addendum ("DPA").
or
organizations or third parties that GoGuardian does not own or manage, or to individuals that GoGuardian does not employ or manage.
For example, there may be links to third parties available on our Website or support center.
We encourage you to review the applicable third party privacy policies and terms of use before submitting any information through those sites or services.


By using our Website, you are declaring that you have read and understand this Website Privacy Policy.

Information Provided Directly
We collect the following information directly from you as a visitor and/or of our Website:



Requests for Information:
 If you submit a request for information or otherwise contact us through our Website, we collect your request and your contact information.


Support Requests:
 If you submit a support request or question about our Website through our Support Center (e.g., Support Center and Help Center), we receive your request/question and your associated contact information.


Online Forums:
 If you use our Website to sign up as a member of our online community, blog, or similar options on our Website, we receive your contact information and your associated messages.


Partner Submissions:
 When a partner of a School and/or GoGuardian (e.g., a reseller partner helping a School obtain equipment and software from GoGuardian) first signs up as a partner of GoGuardian or submits a request through our reseller portal on our Website, we collect both that partner organization's and partner representative's contact information as well as both the School and School Official's contact information.
If you are School Official or partner representative, then we collect this information about you.



Note About Our General Audience Website:
 Our general audience Website is not geared towards children, nor meant to be used or accessed by children.
If we become aware that we have collected "personal information" (as defined by the United States Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") from a child in the United States under the age of 13 without legally-valid parental or school consent or that we have collected data through our Website from an European Union resident under the age of 16 without parental consent, we will take reasonable steps to delete it or obtain valid consent as soon as possible.
We also comply with other age restrictions and requirements in accordance with applicable local laws.
Information We Collect Automatically
As you visit or use our Website, we may automatically collect the following information:



Analytics Information:
 Our Website automatically collects data via Google Analytics and other similar services, including your IP address, Internet service provider (ISP), date and time of your visit, browser language, browser type, referring and exit pages and URLs, amount of time spent on particular pages, which parts of our Website you visit, which links you click, search terms, operating system, traffic and related statistics, keywords, and/or other general browsing or usage data.


GoGuardian Advertisements on Other Websites:
 We display advertisement for our Products on other websites and services.
When you click on a GoGuardian advertisement on these other websites and services, we receive information about the website or service that served the advertisement, and which advertisement you clicked.
If you then interact with our Website, we may combine the information about your activity with our advertisement with the information we subsequently collect and/or you subsequently submit on our Website.


GoGuardian Advertisements:
 We display advertisements about GoGuardian on other websites after you visit our Website or use certain services on our Website such as our blog.


Cookies:
 GoGuardian and its third party service partners use Cookies.
To learn more about our use of Cookies and your choices about Cookies, please see our Cookies Notice below.

How We Use Information Collected Through Our Website
We use the information that we collect through our Website for a variety of purposes, including to:

provide you with our Website;
respond to your requests and provide you with support;
notify you via email of new features and Products that may be of interest to you;
notify you of company updates and notable events;
analyze and improve our Website.

understand the effectiveness of our placement of GoGuardian advertisements on third party websites;
remind you of GoGuardian through advertisements after you have used our Website;
help prevent fraud and enforce our legal terms.
and
administer and troubleshoot our Website.

How We Share Information Collected Through Our Website
We may share or disclose information in the following ways:



Third Parties Supporting Our Website:
 We share information with service providers that assist us in performing business-related functions that support or improve our Website.
For example, we use hosting services and customer service tools to support our Website.
When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.


Protection of GoGuardian and Others:
 We may share or disclose certain information if we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary or appropriate to (i) protect or defend the rights, safety, or property of GoGuardian or third parties, including to defend or enforce our Website Privacy Policy, our Website Terms of Service, or our EULA, or any other contractual arrangement or (ii) to respond to claims that content violates the rights of third parties.


Legal Requirements:
 We may share or disclose certain information if we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary or appropriate to comply with any law enforcement, legal, or regulatory process, such as to respond to a warrant, subpoena, court order, or other applicable laws and regulations.


With Your Consent / At Your Direction:
 We also may share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction.


Business Transfer:
 We may share or disclose certain information, in connection with or during negotiations of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
If such transfer is subject to additional mandatory restrictions under applicable laws, GoGuardian will comply with such restrictions.
The successor entity will be subject to all applicable federal and state laws, including privacy laws.

Data Controller vs.
Processor.
Our Legal Bases for Using Your Information
Under applicable law, GoGuardian is considered the "data controller" of information from or about our Website visitors.
In other words, GoGuardian is responsible for deciding how to collect, use, share, and disclose this information.
The laws of some jurisdictions such as the laws of the European Union ("EU") require companies to tell you about about the legal ground that they rely on for using, sharing, or disclosing your information.
To the extent those laws apply, our legal grounds are as follows:



Contractual Commitments:
 We may use, share, or disclose information to honor our contractual commitments to you.
For example, to comply with our Website Terms, which you accept by browsing our otherwise using our Website.


With Your Consent:
 Where required by law, and in some other cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the basis of your consent.


Legitimate Interests:
 In many cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the ground that it furthers our legitimate business interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals, such as customer service, certain promotional activities, analyzing and improving our business, providing security for our Website, preventing fraud, and managing legal issues.


Legal Compliance:
 We need to use, share, and disclose information in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations.

How Long We Keep Information
We generally retain information for so long as it may be relevant to the purposes above.
To dispose of any personal information, we may anonymize it, delete it or take other appropriate steps.
Information may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for an additional time period of time.
Your Choices
You have certain rights and choices with respect to your information such as:



Marketing Communications:
 You can decline promotional communications at the point information is requested for such purpose on our Website (e.g., by checking or un-ticking (as directed) the relevant box) or, by following the unsubscribe instructions on communications sent to you.
You can also contact us as described in the "How to Contact Us" section below.


Cookies &amp.
Analytics.
 You can opt out of certain cookie-related and analytics processing by following the instructions in our Cookie Notice below.



California Rights:
 Under California law, California residents may annually request a list of the third parties to which we disclose personal information for such third parties' marketing purposes and the types of information disclosed.
However, we do not disclose personal information to third parties for such third parties' direct marketing purposes.


Do Not Track:
 Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services.
We do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals.


Your Legal Rights Under Local Law:


Your local laws (e.g., laws of the EU) may permit you to request that we: 
provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you;
prevent the processing of your information for direct-marketing purposes.
(including any direct marketing processing based on profiling)
update information which is out of date or incorrect;
delete certain information that we are holding about you;
restrict the way that we process and disclose certain of your information;
transfer your information to a third party provider of services.
and
revoke your consent for the processing of your information.






Note About Do Not Track:
 Do Not Track ("DNT"): is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services.
Some browsers do not recognize DNT settings.
At this time, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals because we do not track you across websites.

We will consider all of your requests and provide our response within the time period stated by applicable law.
Please note, however, that certain information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances, which may include needing to continue processing your information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation.
We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to your request.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us as described in the "How to Contact Us" section below.
In addition to those rights, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority.
However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern.
How We Protect Your Information
GoGuardian takes the security and privacy of your data very seriously.
For these reasons, GoGuardian has implemented various technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to protect your information.
These safeguards vary depending on the sensitivity of the information at issue.
GoGuardian is committed to preventing unauthorized access to our systems and data, and will investigate any possible occurrence.
In the event of a breach of personal data, GoGuardian will comply with all relevant breach laws.
Notice to EU and Other Non-U.S.
Residents 
Our Website is operated in the United States.
If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to and/or accessed within the United States.
The recipients of information described in the relevant "How We Share Information" sections above may be located in the United States.
This information may be subject to United States law, including laws that may require disclosure of personal information to government authorities.


European Union-United States and Swiss-United States Privacy Shield:
 GoGuardian has certified with the European Union-United States and Swiss-United States Privacy Shield as set forth by the United States ("U.S.") Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of "personal data" (as defined under the Privacy Shield principles) from applicable European countries.
We have certified that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles of notice, choice, purpose limitation, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, recourse, liability, and enforcement for such personal data.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the Department of Commerce's Privacy Shield list by clicking here.
As required under the principles, when GoGuardian receives personal data under the Privacy Shield and then transfers it to a third-party service provider acting as an agent on our behalf, we have certain liability under the Privacy Shield if both (i) the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield.
and (ii) GoGuardian is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Some international users (including those whose information we collect under the Privacy Shield) of our Website have certain legal rights to access certain information we hold about them and to request its deletion.
Please see the "Choices about Information Collected through Our Website" section above for more information.


How to Contact Us for Non-U.S.
Residents:
 If you are located outside the United States and have questions or concerns regarding GoGuardian's Website Privacy Policy or practices, you may direct a complaint in writing to GoGuardian Privacy Officer, Liminex, Inc.
dba GoGuardian, 200 Pacific Coast Highway, Suite 200 El Segundo, CA 90245.
Tel: 1-888-310-0410 Email: privacy@goguardian.com.
Within a reasonable time of receiving the written complaint, GoGuardian will review and address your complaint, as appropriate, and inform you of the results of such review and any steps taken to address your complaint.


Dispute Resolution for EU and Swiss Residents:
 If you are a resident of the EU or Switzerland and are dissatisfied with the manner in which we have addressed your concerns, you may seek further assistance, at no cost to you, from our designated Privacy Shield independent recourse mechanism, the JAMS Privacy Shield Program, which you can learn more about by visiting https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield.
Residents of the EU or Switzerland may elect to arbitrate unresolved complaints but prior to initiating such arbitration, you must: (1) afford us the opportunity to resolve the issue.
(2) seek assistance via GoGuardian's recourse mechanism above.
and (3) contact the U.S.
Department of Commerce (either directly or through a European Data Protection Authority) and afford the Department of Commerce time to attempt to resolve the issue.
Each party shall be responsible for its own attorney's fees.
Please be advised that, pursuant to the Privacy Shield, the arbitrator(s) may only impose individual-specific, non-monetary, equitable relief necessary to remedy any violation of the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to the individual.
GoGuardian is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Cookies Notice 

What are cookies?


Cookies are small text files stored on your computer that allow us to understand usage of our Website.
Cookies include cookies, Internet server logs, tags, Software Development Kit/SDKs, tracking pixels, and other similar tracking technologies.
A number of Cookies that we use last only for the duration of your session, expiring when your session ends (the so-called "session cookies").
Other Cookies are used to help our systems recognize you if you return to our Website and will thus retained longer (the so-called "persistent cookies").
Some of the cookies used on our Website are set by us, and some are set by third parties that are delivering services on our behalf.


What types of Cookies does GoGuardian use and what data do they collect?


We use Cookies on our Website that automatically collect information to:

understand how many unique visitors frequent our Website;
analyze usage of our Website, including to improve our Website;
authenticate your account for our Website services;
remember your settings and account information for our Website services;
understand the effectiveness of GoGuardian advertisements placed on third party websites.
and
show you advertisements about GoGuardian after you visit our Website such as our blog.


We do not use any advertising Cookies in our Products and we do not place advertisements in our Products.



What are your choices about Cookies?


You can learn more about how Cookies work and how to turn them off in your particular browsers.
Please remember that if you replace, change or upgrade your browser, or delete your Cookies, you may need to use these opt-out tools again.
For information about Cookies used by the developers of these browsers, please visit:

Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
Android Browser

For controls specific to advertising and analytics services offered by Google, click here and here from each of your browsers.
For more information about advertising and how you can turn off certain advertisements in general, please visit youronlinechoices.com and www.youronlinechoices.com.au and www.youradchoices.com.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Website Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law, our information practices, or components of our Website.
At the top of our Website Privacy Policy, we will indicate the date of the most recent update to this Website Privacy Policy.
Where required by applicable law, we will apply changes only after notifying and/or obtaining your consent before any material changes to our Website Privacy Policy apply to you.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns, the best way to reach us is by emailing privacy@goguardian.com.
You can also reach us by calling 888-310-0410 or by writing to Liminex, Inc.
dba GoGuardian, Attn: Chief Privacy Officer, 200 Pacific Coast Highway, Suite 200 El Segundo, CA 90245.
Because GoGuardian participates in iKeepSafe's COPPA Safe Harbor Program (after iKeepSafe has independently reviewed and determined GoGuardian's data practices in our Products comply with COPPA), if GoGuardian is unable to satisfactorily address your concerns and if you are a resident of the United States, then you may contact iKeepSafe Safe Harbor Program's dedicated consumer complaint department at: coppaprivacy@ikeepsafe.org or see ikeepsafe.org/about-us/contact-us/.
Additionally, please feel free to consult additional resources such as the ones listed below.

Student Privacy Resource List:


Student Privacy Pledge
FERPA | SHERPA
Department of Education's Privacy Technology Assistance Center ("PTAC")
The Federal Trade Commission's Complying with COPPA: Frequently Asked Questions

GoGuardian provides device management solutions that keep students safer online and make teaching easier.Click for Google PlusClick for TwitterClick for FacebookClick for YoutubeClick for LinkedInMade with ❤ in California © Liminex, Inc.
doing business as GoGuardian.
All rights reserved.
Google, the Google logo, Chrome, Chrome OS, Chromebook, and the Chrome logo are registered trademarks of Google, Inc.
All rights reserved.
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Terms&nbsp;•&nbsp;Privacy Policy
Responsible Security Reporting ProgramSolutions
DNS FilteringSmart FilteringClassroom ManagementFiltering &amp.
MonitoringAsset TrackingEngagement AnalyticsSuicide PreventionSmart AlertsCompany
ISTECareersLeadershipNewsroomTrust &amp.
PrivacyReseller InformationNew ResellersPartner PortalBrand GuidelinesContact UsSupport
Help CenterGoGuardian AdminGoGuardian TeacherGoGuardian BeaconGoGuardian DirectorGoGuardian FleetTrainingStatusResources
PricingBlogWebinarsSelf-Harm &amp.
Suicide ResourcesSocial-Emotional Learning &amp.
Suicide PreventionSuccess Stories&lt;img src="//googleads.g.doubleclick.net/pagead/viewthroughconversion/969383264/?value=0&amp;amp;amp;guid=ON&amp;amp;amp;script=0" alt="googleads"&gt;