 
Home
My Books
Browse ▾
Recommendations
Deals
Choice Awards
Genres
Giveaways
New Releases
Lists
News &amp.
Interviews
Explore
Blog
Listen with AudibleSponsoredGenres
Art
Biography
Business
Children's
Christian
Classics
Comics
Cookbooks
Ebooks
Fantasy


Fiction
Graphic Novels
Historical Fiction
History
Horror
Memoir
Music
Mystery
Nonfiction
Poetry


Psychology
Romance
Science
Science Fiction
Self Help
Sports
Thriller
Travel
Young Adult
More Genres


Community ▾
Groups
Discussions
Quotes
Ask the Author




Sign In
Join
Sign up




View profile
Profile
Friends
Groups
Discussions
Comments
Reading Challenge
Kindle Notes &amp.
Highlights
Quotes
Favorite genres
Friends’ recommendations
Account settings
Help
Sign out


Home
My Books
Browse ▾
Recommendations
Deals
Choice Awards
Genres
Giveaways
New Releases
Lists
News &amp.
Interviews
Explore
Blog
Listen with AudibleSponsoredGenres
Art
Biography
Business
Children's
Christian
Classics
Comics
Cookbooks
Ebooks
Fantasy


Fiction
Graphic Novels
Historical Fiction
History
Horror
Memoir
Music
Mystery
Nonfiction
Poetry


Psychology
Romance
Science
Science Fiction
Self Help
Sports
Thriller
Travel
Young Adult
More Genres


Community ▾
Groups
Discussions
Quotes
Ask the Author


 Terms of Use 
This Agreement was last revised on Dec 6, 2017.

Recent updates to this Agreement.

Welcome to Goodreads.com, the website and online service of Goodreads LLC
(together with its affiliates, "Goodreads" "we," or "us").
This page explains
the terms by which you may use our service.
By accessing or using the Goodreads
services, website and software provided through or in connection with the
service ("Service"), you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to
be bound by this Terms of Use Agreement, the Goodreads Privacy Policy, the
Amazon.com Conditions of Use,
and the other applicable rules, policies and terms posted on the Goodreads.com
website or provided with the Service (collectively, this "Agreement"), whether
or not you are a registered user of our Service.


We reserve the right to amend this Agreement at any time in our sole discretion
by posting the revised Agreement on the Goodreads.com website.
Your continued
use of the Service after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the
revised Agreement.
This Agreement applies to all visitors, users, and others
who access the Service ("Users").
 1.
Use of Our Service 
Goodreads provides a place for you to discover, track, and talk about books with
friends and our community.


You do not have to register in order to visit Goodreads.
To access certain
features of the Service, though, including creating "bookshelves" to organize
what you've read, posting book reviews, and commenting on other members'
reviews, you will need to register with Goodreads and create a "Member" account.
Your account gives you access to the services and functionality that we may
establish and maintain from time to time and in our sole discretion.


You may never use another Member’s account without permission.
You are
responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password
and for restricting access to your account, and you agree to accept responsibility
for all activities that occur under your account or password.
You agree to
notify Goodreads immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of
your account.


You may change the settings on your My Account page to control your profile and
how other members communicate with you.
By providing Goodreads your email
address you consent to our using the email address in accordance with our
Privacy Policy.


Subject to your compliance with this Agreement and your payment of any applicable
fees, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable
license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the Service.
This
license does not include any resale or commercial use of any part of the Service,
or its contents.
any collection and use of any book listings, descriptions,
reviews or other material included in the Service.
any derivative use of any
part of the Service or its contents.
any downloading, copying, or other use of
account information for the benefit of any third party.
or any use of data mining,
robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
All rights not expressly
granted to you in this Agreement are reserved and retained by us or our licensors,
suppliers, publishers, rightsholders, or other content providers.
No part of
the Service may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or
otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written
consent.
You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any
trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page
layout, or form) of Goodreads without our express written consent.
You may not
use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing our name or trademarks
without our express written consent.
You may not misuse the Service.
You may
use the Service only as permitted by law.
The licenses granted by us terminate
if you do not comply with this Agreement.


In order to protect our Members from unsolicited advertising or solicitation,
Goodreads reserves the right to restrict the number of communications that a
Member may send to other Members in any 24-hour period to a number that Goodreads
deems appropriate in its sole discretion.


Goodreads may permanently or temporarily terminate, suspend, or otherwise refuse
to permit your access to the Service without notice and liability for any reason,
including if in Goodreads' sole determination you violate any provision of
this Agreement, or for no reason.
Upon termination for any reason or no reason,
you continue to be bound by this Agreement.


The Service is subject to scheduled and unscheduled service interruptions.
All
aspects of the Service are subject to change or elimination at Goodreads‘s sole
discretion.
You agree that Goodreads will not be liable to you for any
interruption of the Service, delay or failure to perform.


You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Goodreads Users.
We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes between you
and other Users.
Goodreads shall have no liability for your interactions with
other Users, or for any User’s action or inaction.
 2.
User Content 
Some areas of the Service may allow Users to upload, publish, display, link to
or otherwise make available (hereinafter, "post") reviews, comments, questions,
highlights, and other information including Users’ names, voices and likenesses
("User Content").
You are solely responsible for your User Content.
You agree
not to post User Content that is illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory,
invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights (including
publicity rights), or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable,
and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning,
commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam"
or unsolicited commercial electronic messages.
You may not use a false e-mail
address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin
of content.
You hereby represent that you are the owner of all the copyright
rights with respect to, or that you have the legal right to post, your User
Content, and that you have the power to grant the license granted below.
Goodreads
reserves the right to monitor, reject and/or remove any User Content at any
time.
For example, Goodreads may, but is not obligated to, reject and/or remove
any User Content that Goodreads believes, in its sole discretion, violates
these provisions.


Goodreads takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content
that you or any other Users or third parties post or send over the Service.
You understand and agree that any loss or damage of any kind that occurs as a
result of the use of any User Content that you post is solely your responsibility.
Goodreads is not responsible for any public display or misuse of your User
Content.
You understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to User Content
that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree that
Goodreads shall not be liable for any damages you allege to incur as a result
of such User Content.
Goodreads may provide tools for you to remove some User
Content, but does not guarantee that all or any User Content will be removable.
 3.
License Grant 
By posting any User Content on the Service, you expressly grant to Goodreads a
nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable
right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, create
derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the
world in any media.
You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control
all of the rights to the content that you post.
that the content is accurate.
that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not
cause injury to any person or entity.
and that you will indemnify Goodreads
for all claims resulting from content you supply.
If you submit User Content
via the “My Writing” or “Ebook” features, our
Terms of Use for Writers
apply to that User Content.
 4.
Our Proprietary Rights 
Except for your User Content, the Service and all materials therein or transferred
thereby, including, without limitation, software, images, text, graphics,
illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs,
audio, videos, music, and User Content (the "Goodreads Content"), and all
intellectual property Rights related thereto, are the exclusive property of
Goodreads and its licensors.
Except as explicitly provided herein, nothing in
this Agreement shall be deemed to create a license in or under any such
intellectual property Rights, and you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify,
distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform,
publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from any materials or content
accessible on the Service.
Use of the Goodreads Content or materials on the
Service for any purpose not expressly permitted by this Agreement is strictly
prohibited.


You may choose to or we may invite you to submit comments or ideas about the
Service, including without limitation about how to improve the Service or our
products ("Ideas").
By submitting any Idea, you agree that your disclosure is
gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and will not place Goodreads
under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we are free to use the Idea
without any additional compensation to you, and/or to disclose the Idea on a
non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone.
You further acknowledge that,
by acceptance of your submission, Goodreads does not waive any rights to use
similar or related ideas previously known to Goodreads, or developed by its
employees, or obtained from sources other than you.
 5.
Eligibility 
This Service is intended solely for Users who are thirteen (13) years of age or
older, and any registration, use or access to the Service by anyone under 13 is
unauthorized, unlicensed, and in violation of this Agreement.
If you are under
18 years of age you may use the Service only if you either are an emancipated
minor or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and
competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations,
representations, and warranties set forth in this Agreement, and to abide by
and comply with this Agreement.
 6.
Paid Services 
Billing Policies. Certain aspects of the Service may be
provided for a fee or other charge.
These fees and charges, if any, are
described on the website.
If you elect to use paid aspects of the Service,
you agree to the pricing, payment and billing policies applicable to such fees
and charges, posted at the website.
Goodreads may add new services for additional
fees and charges, or amend fees and charges for existing services, at any time
in its sole discretion.


No Refunds. You may cancel your Goodreads Account at any time.
however, there are no refunds for cancellation.
As permitted under the terms of
this Agreement, Goodreads has the right at any time for any reason or no reason
to suspend or terminate your Account, terminate this Agreement, and/or refuse
any and all current or future use of the Service without notice, refund,
obligation, or liability to you.
In the event that Goodreads suspends or
terminates your Goodreads Account or this Agreement, you understand and agree
that you shall receive no refund or exchange for any unused time on a subscription,
any license or subscription fees for any portion of the Service, any content or
data associated with your Goodreads Account, or for anything else.
You acknowledge
that Goodreads has the perpetual and irrevocable right to delete any or all of
your content and data from Goodreads's servers and from the Service, whether
intentionally or unintentionally, and for any reason or no reason, without any
liability of any kind to you or any other party.
 7.
Copyright Complaints 
If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes
copyright infringement and is accessible via the Service, please send us the
following information:



An electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf
of the copyright owner.


A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon.


A description of the material that is claimed to be infringing and where it
is located on the Service.


Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address.


A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in
the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent,
or law.
and


A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is
accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on
behalf of the owner.



Goodreads’ Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on
its site can be reached as follows:
Copyright Agent
Attn: DMCA Notice
Goodreads LLC
188 Spear Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105 
Email: copyright@goodreads.com
Telephone: (415) 373-1500


Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying Goodreads and its
affiliates that your copyrighted material has been infringed.
 8.
Third-Party Websites, Advertisers or Services 
Goodreads may contain links to third-party websites, advertisers, or services
that are not owned or controlled by Goodreads.
Goodreads has no control over,
and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices
of any third party websites or services.
If you access a third party website
from Goodreads, you do so at your own risk, and you understand that this
Agreement and Goodreads’ Privacy Policy do not apply to your use of such sites.
You expressly relieve Goodreads from any and all liability arising from your
use of any third-party website or services or third party owned content.


Additionally, your dealings with or participation in promotions of advertisers
found on Goodreads, including payment and delivery of goods, and any other terms
(such as warranties) are solely between you and such advertisers.
You agree
that Goodreads shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort
relating to your dealings with such advertisers.


We encourage you to be aware of when you leave the Service, and to read the
terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party website or service
that you visit.
 9.
Indemnity 
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Goodreads and its subsidiaries,
agents, managers, and other affiliated companies, and their employees,
contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims,
damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses
(including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (i) your use of
and access to the Service, including any data or content transmitted or
received by you.
(ii) your violation of any term of this Agreement, including
without limitation your breach of any of the representations and warranties
above.
(iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without
limitation any right of privacy, publicity rights or intellectual property
rights.
(iv) your violation of any law, rule or regulation of the United States
or any other country.
(v) any claim or damages that arise as a result of any
of your User Content or any that are submitted via your account.
or (vi) any
other party’s access and use of the Service with your unique username, password
or other appropriate security code.
 10.
Disclaimers of Warranties and Limitation of Liability 
THE SERVICE AND ALL INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE)
AND OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE
SERVICE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, UNLESS OTHERWISE
SPECIFIED IN WRITING.
GOODREADS MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICE, OR THE INFORMATION,
CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED
ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE, UNLESS OTHERWISE
SPECIFIED IN WRITING.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT
YOUR SOLE RISK.


TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, GOODREADS DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES,EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
GOODREADS DOES NOT
WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE, INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING
SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU
THROUGH THE SERVICE, GOODREADS’ SERVERS OR ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS SENT FROM
GOODREADS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
GOODREADS WILL NOT
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE, OR
FROM ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR
OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING.
CERTAIN STATE
LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION
OF CERTAIN DAMAGES.
IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE
DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT
HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.


Assignment. This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted
hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by
Goodreads without restriction.


Disputes/Binding Arbitration. Any dispute or claim arising
from or relating to this Agreement or a Kindle, any Reading Application, the
Software, the Digital Content or the Service is subject to the binding
arbitration, governing law, disclaimer of warranties, limitation of liability
and all other terms in the
Amazon.com Conditions of Use.
You agree to those terms by entering into this Agreement or using a Kindle,
any Reading Application, or the Service.


No Waiver. No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be
deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and
Goodreads' failure to assert any right or provision under this Agreement shall
not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.


Please
contact us
with any questions regarding this Agreement.

Updates 

December 6, 2017: We have updated our terms of use agreement.
Please
read this Agreement carefully.


April 7, 2010: We added
Terms of Use for Writers,
which apply to works submitted to the Service via the "My Writing" or
"Ebook" features.


October 16, 2008: We replaced our
former terms of use agreement
with a new agreement.
Please read this Agreement carefully.



 Guidelines and Terms 
 Terms of Use 

Privacy Policy


Community Guidelines


Review Guidelines


Author Guidelines


Q&amp;A Guidelines


Group Moderator Guidelines


Giveaway Terms




©
2018
Goodreads, Inc.


Terms


Help







  

Last updated: June 30, 2020.
To see prior version, click
here


Goodreads LLC (together with its affiliates, “Goodreads,” “we,” or “us”) knows that you care how information about
you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.


Goodreads LLC is a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc.
(“Amazon”).
The information we collect is subject to the
Amazon Privacy Notice,
except as otherwise stated in this notice.
By visiting or using Goodreads.com and related services (the “Service”),
you are accepting the practices described in the Amazon Privacy Notice as supplemented by this notice
(the “Privacy Notice”).
Please note that, if you have an account on www.amazon.com, information gathered by
Goodreads may be correlated with any personal information that Amazon.com has and used by Goodreads and Amazon
to improve the services we offer
 User Content and Messages 
The Service allows you to post User Content, as defined in our
Terms of Use.
Any User Content you post becomes available to the public via the Service.
User Content includes, but is not
limited to, reviews, comments, and visual content.
If you remove User Content, copies may remain viewable in
cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your User Content.


Goodreads takes reasonable measures to keep messages that you send to other Members through the Service private
between you and the recipient.
However, even if you have deleted the message from your Goodreads inbox or outbox,
copies of the message may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored the
message.
 E-mail 
By providing Goodreads your e-mail address you consent to us sending you Service-related notices, including any
notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail.
We may also use your e-mail address to send you
other messages, such as newsletters, changes to features, notices of member-initiated content, or special offers
(“Other Messages”).
If you do not want to receive Other Messages, you may opt out by changing your e-mail
preference settings in the account settings section of Goodreads.com after you have signed in using your
personal password.
Opting out may prevent you from receiving e-mail messages regarding updates, improvements, or
offers.
You may not opt out of Service-related e-mails.
 Privacy Settings 
Your name is used when you invite another person to join Goodreads, or when you request to add another member to
your friends list.
To the extent that you do not wish to have your name shared in this manner, you should not
make use of these services.
You can modify, delete, and set your privacy setting for information you provide us
any time in the account settings section of Goodreads.com after you have signed in using your personal password.
 Your Choices About Your Information 
You may access or change your information and preferences at any time in the account settings section of
Goodreads.com once you have signed in with your personal password.
For example, you can control which actions,
if any, will appear on your update feed, whether to display your e-mail address, whether to display your last
name, and what sort of e-mail notifications you will receive from the Service.
You may, of course, decline to
submit personally identifiable information through Goodreads, in which case Goodreads may not be able to provide
certain services to you.
 Cookies and Other Identifiers 
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide and improve the Service, we use cookies
and other identifiers.
For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookies
notice.
 Advertising 
We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products, and services that might be of
interest to you.
We do not use information that personally identifies you to display interest-based ads.
To learn
more, please read our
Interest Based Ads
notice.
 Children's Privacy 
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important.
For that reason, Goodreads does not knowingly
collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register.
If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address,
telephone number, or e-mail address.
No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information to or on
Goodreads.
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without
verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that we
might have any information from or about a child under 13, please
contact us.
 California Consumer Privacy Act 
Click
here
to read additional disclosures required under the California Consumer Privacy Act.
 Changes to Our Privacy Policy 
If we change this Privacy Notice, we will post those changes on our website to keep you aware of what information we
collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective
when they are posted on this page.


If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site,
please
contact us,
or send mail to:


Goodreads, Inc

188 Spear Street
,
Suite 250

San Francisco
,
CA
94105
 Updates 
June 30, 2020: We replaced our
former privacy policy
with a new one.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.


October 16, 2008: We replaced our
former privacy policy
with a new one.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
 