Information listed above must be added to the complaint and sent to GrabCraft’s office address.
All documents, including the complaint, must be signed.
GrabCraft accepts documents sent by e-mail only if all documents are signed digitally.
GrabCraft does not accept documents without signature or any signature that is not digital or on a hard copy.
GrabCraft’s office address and e-mail address are provided for complainants in Terms and on GrabCraft’s homepage.

After receiving your complaint GrabCraft has 60 days to look through your case.
In that period of time GrabCraft &nbsp;ascertains the subject matter of the dispute in the matter, determines the parties of the matter, verifies whether the claims and applications made in the complaint are well suited, proven and necessary for achieving the aim of the complaint and, where needful, suggests that the applicant amend the complaint.&nbsp;

GrabCraft returns the complaint to the person who submitted that complaint if the person has not submitted everything required in this subsection.
Grabcraft also returns the complaint to the person who submitted that complaint if the complaint is not suited to achieve the aim it seeks to achieve or when there are no evidence to support the facts stated in the complaint.

Users are by any means obliged to follow this preliminary processing before taking any other legal action.
If user fails to follow GrabCraft’s copyright infringement procedure before taking any other legal actions, the claim for damages caused (avoidable procedure expenses) will be filed against that user.&nbsp;

Concluding Information&nbsp;

GrabCraft reserves the right at any time to modify, suspend or discontinue, either temporarily or permanently, the Site and all related services.
GrabCraft takes no liability from any damages growing out of these actions.

If any of the provisions of these Terms is found to be invalid, it shall not have an effect on the validity of other provisions of these Terms.

You agree that these Terms and all claims or causes of action related to or arising in connection with these Terms are governed by the laws of the Republic of Estonia.
If there is ever a legal dispute between you and GrabCraft, it will be held in the courts of Republic of Estonia.

These Terms constitute the final and complete agreement between you and GrabCraft.
Any previous agreements or versions of Terms are hereby superseded:

The Contact Information of GrabCraft is as follows: Indemnity&nbsp;

You agree that you will defend, hold harmless and indemnify GrabCraft, its representatives, directors, shareholders, agents and employees for any and all claims, demands, causes of action, lawsuits arising out of your use of the Site in any form.
Such indemnity includes the payment of attorneys’ fees and cost of other legal aid.
You agree to cooperate with GrabCraft’s defense.
&nbsp;&nbsp; User content

Some areas of the Site allow users to submit, post, upload or otherwise provide (“Share”) personal submissions in whichever form allowed by Grabcraft (“Content”).&nbsp;

You are also fully responsible for the legality of the Content you Share.
By Sharing Content, you warrant that you own all rights to such Content, whether by creating the Content by yourself or by acquiring the rights through necessary legal means.
You warrant and declare that no third parties have any rights related to the Content you Share.
The exception to the rule is Mojang, who’s rights towards Minecraft and related branding must be followed and respected to the maximal extent specified by Mojang in their terms, conditions, end-user license agreements or any other contracts you have agreed to when using Minecraft.

When you Share Content, you agree that by doing so you provide GrabCraft with a worldwide, nonexclusive, royalty-free, and transferable right to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt and display on&nbsp;the Site such Content without limitation.
This includes the right to make derivative works of such Content.
GrabCraft shall do so with respect towards your name as the name of the author.
You also allow GrabCraft to publish Content in a searchable format, which may be accessed through other websites and search engines. Using the Site constitutes accessing the Site in any way whatsoever, including but not limited to uploading any content, creating an account, downloading any information, or simply browsing the Site.
If you are on the Site, you are already using it.

Please read these Terms carefully before using the Site.
By using the Site, you are accepting these Terms without reservation.
If you do not agree with these Terms and do not accept them, then you must not access or use the Site.
You agree and warrant that you have the legal right and capacity to enter into these Terms and be legally bound by them wherever you may be situated or whatever your jurisdiction may be.
You agree and warrant that your use of the Site must be in accordance with these Terms, and with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, both local and international.

GrabCraft retains the right to modify these Terms at any time and to any extent.
All changes are effective immediately from the time of modification, or at a later date if specified otherwise.
You must check the Terms regularly to make sure that your use of the Site complies with the latest rules laid down herein.
&nbsp;If you object to the modifications made, then you must stop using the Site.

GrabCraft’s Privacy Policy is also an integral part of these Terms.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Personal account&nbsp;

The Site grants you the ability to create a personal account (“Account”).
However, please bear in mind that these Terms apply to you whether you choose to create an Account or not.
You may create an Account in order to share models that you have created, download software shared by GrabCraft on the Site, or access any other area of the Site, which is available only to users with an Account.
GrabCraft may decide to limit or broaden these rights, if it deems it to be suitable.
GrabCraft may do so without any previous notice.