 Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 08/19/2019
Thank you for visiting our Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to the websites (www.healthline.com and www.medicalnewstoday.com) and apps (MS Buddy, Breast Cancer Healthline, and IBD Healthline) owned and operated by Healthline Media Inc.
We are committed to being your most trusted ally in your pursuit of health and well-being.
Whether you're here to learn more about a health condition, research a medication, tap into one of our communities, or get tips for a healthier lifestyle, you're in the right place.&nbsp;
By visiting and interacting with our websites and apps, we'll ask you to share certain information with s, as detailed below.&nbsp.
We may share some of the information you share with us between our websites and apps to provide you with the most relevant content and may use some of the information you share with us to serve you relevant advertising.
(For further details on our advertising and sponsorship policy, click&nbsp;here).
We want to ensure you understand the information we collect, how we use it, how we share it, and how you can control your information.&nbsp;Please read our Privacy Policy in its entirety, and don't hesitate to reach out to us at&nbsp;privacypractices@healthline.com if you have any questions about our privacy practices. Table of Contents

Introduction
What Kinds of Information Do We Collect?

Cookies and Tracking Technologies


How Do We Use Your Information?
How and When Do We Share or Disclose Your Information?
Your Rights: Personal Information Access, Retention, Correction, Deletion, and Choice

U.S.
Website Users

Opt-Out of Marketing Communications
Your California Privacy Rights
CA Eraser law


Non-U.S.
Website Users

Rights Requests


Your Choice
Your Security
Changes to this Policy
Children's Privacy


Website Location, US Transfer &amp.
Processing
Contact Us

&nbsp; INTRODUCTION
Healthline Media Inc.
and our affiliates and owned and operated businesses (Healthline Media UK Ltd.
and HL Greatist), websites, and mobile applications ("Healthline,” "We,” "Us"), respect the privacy rights of our users.
Healthline’s websites include www.healthline.com and www.medicalnewstoday.com (collectively, the “Websites”).
Healthline’s mobile applications include MS Buddy, Breast Cancer Healthline, and IBD Healthline (collectively, the “Apps”).
Collectively, the Websites and the Apps are referred to as the “Services.” We are committed to protecting the information collected through the Services.
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explains:

The types of information collected by Healthline and its partners through the Services and the purposes for which We use it.
How Healthline collects, stores, and shares your information.
Your rights with respect to such information collection.

Your access to and use of the Services is subject to Healthline's Terms of Use (the "Terms").
Any capitalized terms used, but not defined, in this Privacy Policy have the meanings provided in the Terms.&nbsp;&nbsp;
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO, OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING ANY SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, USE, AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT VISIT, INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO, OR OTHERWISE ACCESS ANY SERVICES.

Personal Information: "Personal Information" is information that can be used either directly or indirectly to identify an individual (you).
Examples include name, email address, physical address, Internet protocol (IP) address, mobile ad ID, and your interactions with the Websites that are connected to other identifying information, such as name, email address, physical address, and Internet protocol IP address. WHAT KINDS OF INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We receive information from or about you depending on the nature of your interaction with the Services.
Depending on your use of the Services, information collected may include: name, email address, physical address, birth date, gender, health information, and browser or device information.
The information collected by different activities is described below:


Registering/Signing Up in the Services: In visiting or using our Services, We may collect your name, email address, physical address, birth date, gender, health information, and browser or device information when you choose to sign up for newsletters or sign up for an account on our Services.

Transactions with the Services: When you submit an opinion or comment through the Services, contact Us, or register for more information regarding a product or services, you will be asked to enter information about yourself in order to respond to you or to complete your requested transaction.

Emails and Using the Websites: We store details of your visits to the Websites (such as pages visited, browser details, your IP address) and your interactions with any emails that We send to you.
This information may include IP addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.

Promotions: From time to time, Healthline may offer promotions, such as surveys or sweepstakes, on the Services.
Such promotions may ask for your name, contact information, and/or other Personal Information in order to register you for the promotion.

Social Media and Sharing: If you share an article, or post a comment or other content with a friend/contact, We will collect your friend's/contact's name.
This information may be used for retargeting ads or combined with other data to present aggregated campaign insights.
Occasionally, comments themselves may be anonymized and used in marketing materials.

Device Information: We collect information from or about the computers, phones, or other devices where you install or access our Services, depending on the permissions you've granted.
We may associate the information We collect from your different devices, which helps Us provide consistent Services across your devices.
This information may include: attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers.
device locations, including specific geographic locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals.
connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number, mobile ad ID, and IP address.

Other Sources: We receive information about you and your activities on and off the Services from third-party partners, such as information from a partner when We jointly offer services or from an advertiser about your experiences or interactions with them.
We may add this information to the information We have already collected from you in order to improve the products and services We provide.

App Use: We may also additionally collect your birth date, gender, zip/city, marital status, health information (diagnosis, when you were diagnosed, what medications you're taking) when you download, sign up for, and use our Apps.
When you download and use our Apps, you will be presented with additional privacy terms applicable to that specific App, and We automatically collect information on the type of device you use and operating system version.
We use the above information to send you newsletters, respond to customer service requests, administer your account, respond to your questions and concerns, etc.

For more information on how to review or update your data preferences, please review the "YOUR RIGHTS: PERSONAL INFORMATION ACCESS, RETENTION, CORRECTION, DELETION, AND CHOICE" section below. Cookies and Tracking Technologies

Websites:

Healthline and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the Websites, track users' movements around the Websites, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Websites.
You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Websites or Service.
This Website also uses a tool called Google Analytics to collect information about your use of this site.
The tool uses cookies to collect standard internet log and visitor behavior information.
This information is used to optimize the functionality of our site and serve ads to you based on your past visits.
You may opt out of Google Analytics cookies by visiting this link.
To learn more about how you can control the use of cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
Additionally, some Internet browsers have a "Do Not Track" feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked.
Currently, We do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals because We are trying to provide you with a personalized experience.
We use session cookies that expire at the end of a browser session (from when a user opens the browser window to when they exit the browser) and persistent cookies that remain on your hard drive until you erase them or they expire.
How long a persistent cookie remains on your browser depends on how long the visited website has programmed the cookie to last or they can be stored for longer.
We use cookies for different purposes, including tracking your consent for various services, personalizing content, and targeting advertisements.
If you access our Site from your mobile device, We may collect unique user ID, cell phone model, operating system, and carrier.
Gathering your information helps us ensure our website and other services work correctly and support our customer analytic efforts.
To the extent permitted by applicable law and with your consent, We may permit third parties to collect your Personal Information over time or across third-party websites, including those that assist us in operating our Website and Services, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may permit third parties to gather Personal Information passively on our Websites for behavioral advertising purposes.
For example, in order to provide you with a more customized web experience and to present you with information that may be of interest to you, our advertising partners may seek to use their observed behavior on the Websites to deliver targeted ads (also known as retargeting or behavioral advertising) when you are on other websites.
You can opt out of Google Analytics for Display advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using Ads Settings.

Apps:

We use mobile analytics software to allow Us to better understand the functionality of our Apps on your phone.
This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
We do not link the information We store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the Apps.
We send you push notifications from time to time in order to update you about any events or promotions that We may be running.
The Apps may also ask for your permission to access your camera and your photos.
If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, or if you've initially agreed for the application to access your camera and photos and you would like to stop the Apps from accessing them, you may turn them off at the device level.
To ensure you receive proper notifications, We will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.
We collect location information only in our Apps (zip code and state of residence), and We collect it for the purpose of matching our users based on their location.
If you do not wish to allow Us to share zip code and state of residence information in this manner within our Apps, then please opt out by completing our rights request form, checking the “Other data request(s)” box, and instructing Us to no longer share this information within our Apps.
For verification purposes, each rights request form is tied to a particular email address, so if you have multiple email addresses, then you will need to submit multiple forms.
We do this to protect your privacy rights.
You can log in to our Apps using sign-in services such as Google and Facebook or an Open ID provider.
These services will authenticate your identity, provide you the option to share certain personal information (such as your name and email address) with Us, and to pre-populate our sign-up form.&nbsp; HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We use your information: (1) with your consent for the reasons that you provide such information, and (2) for the purposes set forth below:

To Provide and Enhance the Services: We use the information We have to deliver and enhance our services, including to personalize features and content and make suggestions for you on our Services.

Transactions: We use your Personal Information to process your transactions, to send you confirmations, to respond to your requests, and for any related communications.

Retargeting: We use your information to allow Us or third parties to deliver ads based on your interests on our Websites, affiliated websites or third-party sites.
Our retargeting activities abide by the&nbsp;NAI code of conduct.

Marketing: We use the information We have to improve our advertising systems so We can show you relevant ads and measure the effectiveness and reach of ads and services.
We may use your Personal Information for other marketing and market research purposes to learn more about our users.
We will only contact you for direct marketing purposes in accordance with applicable laws.
You may opt out of our use of your Personal Information for marketing, market research, or direct marketing purposes at any time by sending a rights request as set forth in the "Your Rights" section below.

Analytics: We may store details of your visits to our Websites and your electronic interactions with any emails that We send to you ("Usage Data") under a pseudonym (i.e.
not under your name but under an ID number), including the pages you visited and services you used.
We use such Usage Data to help Us learn more about our users' preferences, to be able to tailor our Websites according to your interests and preferences, to help Us address problems with and improve our site design, products, and services.
to analyze trends and statistics.
and to present content in the clearest and most friendly manner for you.

To Communicate with You: We use your information to send you marketing communications, communicate with you about our Services, and let you know about our policies and Terms.
We also use your information to respond to you when you contact Us.

Other Reasons: We may use and collect Personal Information for any purpose associated with or related to the above purposes. HOW AND WHEN DO WE SHARE OR DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION?



With the Healthline Family of Websites: We will share your information with our owned and operated businesses (Healthline Media UK Ltd.
and HL Greatist), its websites (www.healthline.com, www.medicalnewstoday.com, www.everydayfamily.com, and www.greatist.com), and Apps (MS Buddy and Breast Cancer Healthline) for purposes and uses consistent with this Privacy Policy.

To Enhance Our Services: We may share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business activities such as ad technology providers, email service providers, data analyzers, and business intelligence providers for the purpose of enhancing our products and services.
These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to Us.
These third parties currently may include:&nbsp;Acxiom, Adbridg, Akamai, Amazon, Appnexus, Criteo, District M, Facebook, Google, Index Exchange, LunaMetrics, Moat, Nexage, Oath, Oracle, OpenX, PageFair, PX,&nbsp;Rubicon, Sailthru, SendBird DBA, Teads, The TradeDesk, TripleLift, Yieldbot.

Third-Party Marketing: We provide advertisers with reports about the kinds of people seeing their ads and how their ads are performing, but We don't share information that personally identifies you (information such as your name or email address that by itself can be used to contact you or identifies who you are) unless you give Us permission.
We may request to share your information (including email address) with third-party business partners to provide you with information about and enroll you in clinical trials.
In these situations and before sharing your information for these purposes, you will receive a just-in-time notice of the proposed sharing, and We will obtain your consent, or opt in, to such sharing.
If you do not opt in, We will not share your information for these purposes.

Third-Party Services: When you interact with a third-party advertiser in our Services, the content creator or advertiser can receive information you share with them, as well as the information needed to complete the transaction, including medical information and contact details.

Asset Sale: We may transfer your Personal Information to a third party in the event of a transfer of all or some of our assets to a third party, provided that the third party agrees to adhere to terms similar to those of this Privacy Policy.
Where required by applicable law, We will provide you with an opportunity to reject the transfer of your Personal Information in such cases.

Legal Requirements: We may access, preserve, and share your information in response to a legal request if We have a good faith belief that the law requires Us to do so.
We may also access, preserve, and share information when We have a good faith belief it is necessary to detect, prevent, and address fraud and other illegal activity.
to protect ourselves, you, and others, including as part of investigations.
or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.

Online Marketing: As described above, We may use, and when appropriate, disclose your Personal Information for marketing and market research purposes to learn more about our users and offer and improve our Services.
We will only contact you for direct marketing purposes in accordance with applicable laws.
You may opt out of our use of your Personal Information for marketing, market research, or direct marketing purposes at any time as set forth below.

Aggregated Data: We may disclose aggregated, non-personal information about Website users without restriction. YOUR RIGHTS: PERSONAL INFORMATION ACCESS, RETENTION, CORRECTION, DELETION, AND CHOICE
U.S.
Website Users:

Opt-Out of Marketing Communications

With regard to Personal Information that you have provided or that has been collected under this Privacy Policy, you may opt out of uses for marketing purposes, such as correspondence from Us about our products and promotions or the sharing by Us of your Personal Information with select third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
You may opt out by using the&nbsp;rights request form, checking the “Other data request(s)” box, and instructing Us that you wish to opt out of uses for marketing purposes.
For verification purposes, each rights request form is tied to a particular email address, so if you have multiple email addresses, then you will need to submit multiple forms.
We do this to protect your privacy rights.
If you do not exercise your opt-out preference initially upon account creation, it may take up to thirty (30) days for your opt-out choices to be fully effective.
When you make a request, We may ask you for information in order to verify your request, including your email address that may have been provided to Us.
You may sign up to receive newsletters or other communications from Us.
If you would like to discontinue receiving this information, you may update your email preferences by using the "Unsubscribe" link found in emails We send to you.
Unless prohibited by applicable law, your opt-out preference does not apply to (i) any communication that is not promotional in nature, (ii) sharing and use by Us of your Personal Information with service providers used by Us to enhance your experience on our Websites, and (iii) to allow Us to provide you with more personalized advertising across the internet.

Your California Privacy Rights

California law requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California residents asking about the disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for marketing purposes.
Alternatively, such businesses may adopt a policy of not disclosing Personal Information to third parties for marketing purposes if a California resident opts out.
Healthline provides you with a cost-free means to opt out of such sharing.
If you do not want Healthline to disclose information to other companies for their marketing purposes, please follow the opt-out procedures set forth above.
You may also use the&nbsp;rights request form, checking the “Other data request(s)” box, and&nbsp;instructing Us to no longer share your personal information with third parties who will use it for direct marketing purposes.
For verification purposes, each rights request form is tied to a particular email address, so if you have multiple email addresses, then you will need to submit multiple forms.
We do this to protect your privacy rights.

CA Eraser law

Under California's Digital Online Eraser Law (California Senate Bill 568), users under the age of 18 have the right to remove, or request the removal of, content or information they have posted publicly on the Services.
Please be advised that any information you post to a bulletin board, message board, chat room, community, or other forum is publicly viewable.
We strongly recommend that all users avoid posting personal or sensitive information at any time.
To request removal of content or information under this section, please use the&nbsp;rights request form, check the “Other data request(s)” box, and&nbsp;specifically identify the content or information you would like removed.
For verification purposes, each rights request form is tied to a particular email address, so if you have multiple email addresses, then you will need to submit multiple forms.
We do this to protect your privacy rights.
Please be aware that even though We will comply with your request for removal of this content or information from public view, We cannot guarantee complete or comprehensive removal.
However, We may retain copies of the content or information you have previously posted on our server, and We are not required to remove your posted content or information if it has been rendered anonymously or if We are required by law to retain it.
Additionally, We do not have control over third parties (e.g., other users) who may have copied or reposted the information.

Non-U.S.
Website Users:

Rights Requests:
Upon request, Healthline will provide you with information about whether We hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your Personal Information.
To request this information, please contact Us using the&nbsp;rights request form.
When you make a request, We may ask you for information in order to verify your request, including your email address that may have been provided to Us.
You may also access, correct, or request deletion of your personal information by using the rights request form, checking the “Other data request(s)” box, and&nbsp;specifically identifying your request.
We will respond to these requests within as legally required.
For verification purposes, each rights request form is tied to a particular email address, so if you have multiple email addresses, then you will need to submit multiple forms.
We do this to protect your privacy rights.
You may sign up to receive newsletters or other communications from Us.
If you would like to discontinue receiving this information, you may update your email preferences by using the "Unsubscribe" link found in emails We send to you.
Subject to applicable law, We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We may not remove your Personal Information when there is a legal storage requirement, such as accounting rules or when there are other legal grounds to keep the data, such as an ongoing contractual relationship.

Your Choice

We also partner with third parties and partners to display advertising on our Websites or to manage our advertising on other sites.
Our third-party partners may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
Please visit http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/ if you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising.
Please visit http://www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in the European Union.
Please note you may continue to receive generic ads, not based on your Personal Information.
You can also choose not to be included in Google Analytics&nbsp;here.

Your Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to Us.
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to Us, both during transmission and once it is received, and We take various precautions to protect information from loss and misuse.
If you have any questions about the security of your Personal Information, you can contact Us at&nbsp;privacypractices@healthline.com.

Changes to this Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices.
If We make any material changes, then We will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.

Children's Privacy

We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from our Website about children under the age of 18.
We request that persons under the age of 18 not use our Website without supervision from a responsible adult.
We will never request Personal Information from a child under the age of 18 without verifiable parental consent.
If We become aware that a child under the age of 18 has sent Personal Information to us without prior parental consent, We will remove his or her Personal Information from our files.&nbsp; WEBSITE LOCATION, US TRANSFER &amp.
PROCESSING
THE SITE IS OPERATED BY HEALTHLINE IN THE UNITED STATES, AND PERSONAL INFORMATION WILL BE PRIMARILY STORED IN THE UNITED STATES.
BY PROVIDING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE COLLECT, MAINTAIN, PROCESS, AND TRANSFER SUCH INFORMATION IN AND TO THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER COUNTRIES AND TERRITORIES, PURSUANT TO THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OR SUCH OTHER JURISDICTIONS, WHICH MAY PROVIDE LESSER PRIVACY PROTECTIONS THAN EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA COUNTRIES, AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR INFORMATION MAY THUS BE SUBJECT TO U.S.
FEDERAL AND CALIFORNIA STATE LAW AND OTHER FOREIGN LAWS AND ACCESSIBLE TO U.S.
AND FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS, COURTS, LAW ENFORCEMENT AND REGULATORY AGENCIES.
BECAUSE HEALTHLINE IS LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES, THESE DATA TRANSFERS TO THE UNITED STATES ARE NECESSARY TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES TO YOU AS SET FORTH IN OUR TERMS OF SERVICE AND TO OPERATE OUR WEBSITE.
WHEN APPLICABLE, WE WILL OBTAIN YOUR CONSENT FOR THESE DATA TRANSFERS TO THE UNITED STATES. CONTACT US

Healthline Media, Inc.

660 Third Street, 2nd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94107
Telephone Number: (+1) 415-281-3100
E-mail address: privacypractices@healthline.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.   Ad &amp.
Sponsorship Policy Written by the Healthline Team.
March 2018
Healthline’s mission is to be your most trusted ally in your pursuit of health and well-being.
We’re committed to bringing you authoritative, approachable, and actionable content that inspires and guides you toward the best possible health outcomes for you and your family.
Healthline receives funding from advertisements, sponsored content, and other partnerships, such as affiliate programs.
The reality is that funding from our advertisers allows us to cover more conditions and provide more powerful experiences, including video, animations and input from a range of experts.
Be assured that we’re absolutely inflexible about our editorial autonomy.
Other than input about broad topic areas, we never allow sponsors to influence the content we create. 1.
We choose the ads.
We maintain sole discretion for determining the types of ads that will be accepted and displayed on Healthline.com.
We reserve the right to reject, cancel, or remove any ads from Healthline.com, at any time and for any reason.
We will provide prompt notice to the advertiser upon rejection, cancellation, or removal of any ad, along with an explanation.
We also reserve the right to determine the appropriate placement of ads on Healthline.com.
2.
We don’t endorse any products.
Although products may appear on our site, under no circumstances shall our acceptance of any ad be considered an endorsement of the product(s) and/or service(s) advertised, or for the company that manufactures, distributes, or promotes these product(s) or service(s).
3.
We will not accept certain types of ads.
We will not accept any ad that is factually inaccurate and/or, in our opinion, in poor taste.
Pharmaceutical advertising is only accepted for approved indication(s) as determined by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
Advertised products must be in market and readily available.
Healthline will not permit, at any time, the placement of any ad for harmful, illegal or objectionable products or services.
Ads must not contain fraudulent, deceptive, or offensive material, including material that misrepresents, ridicules, or attacks an individual or group on the basis of age, color, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or disability.
Ads must not be related to alcohol, firearms, ammunition, fireworks, gambling, pornography, tobacco, or the simulation of news or an emergency.
All ads must clearly identify the advertiser.
Any ad that could be misconstrued as editorial content will be clearly labeled as an advertisement.
4.
We clearly distinguish ads from editorial content.
In every instance, we maintain a distinct separation between advertisements and editorial content.
All ads on Healthline.com are clearly and unambiguously identified as such.
Clicking on an ad will take the user to an advertiser's site or to a sponsor's resource center on Healthline.com.
Sponsored resource centers are labeled as such, with the name of the sponsoring entity displayed.
5.
We clearly distinguish between sponsored and non­sponsored content.
From time to time, we seek sponsorships from trusted and credible research organizations, manufacturers, and other service providers.
Sponsorships provide financial benefit to Healthline, but also benefit our users by providing current information on health services, medications, and treatments.
Editorial content sponsored by an advertiser is subject to our editorial policy and is reviewed by our editorial staff.
When content is provided by or influenced by a named sponsor, we take meaningful steps to ensure our users will not confuse that sponsored content with Healthline’s own original editorial content.
Here are the types of sponsored content Healthline presents:

Sponsored content: Sponsored content refers to content that is created by Healthline covering a topic area that is relevant to an advertiser.
Healthline has sole editorial control, and no advertiser has any input into the content beyond the broad topic area.
Sponsored content will be labeled in one of the following ways: "sponsored by our partners," "sponsored by," "from our sponsor," or "brought to you by."
Co-branded content: This content is created in partnership with our sponsor and may have a sponsor logo on the page, article, video, or other content.
The content adheres to Healthline's editorial guidelines and may include products, promotions or links to an advertiser's site.
In some cases, a portion of the content will be created, or directed by an advertiser.
Co-branded content will be labeled with the sponsors logo, as well as the following text: "Made in partnership with BRAND NAME."
Brand pages: Healthline may host webpages that present content that is created by our sponsors or advertisers.
This content is not created by Healthline, and does not undergo an editorial or medical review by Healthline.
These pages are hosted as a viewer resource, and are not meant to imply recommendations or endorsements.
Brand pages are labeled: "Paid for by."
Native advertising: Native advertising refers to links or ads that link to other content.
These links may direct users to other content on Healthline, or may link to an advertiser or sponsor owned page.
These links are displayed in the space between paragraphs of a Healthline article, along the right side of a content page and/or at the bottom of a page below an article or other content.
In cases where links direct viewers to co-sponsored content, brand pages or sponsor owned web pages, such links will be labeled with one or more of the following: "Sponsored," or "Paid for by."
Social media posts: Healthline may present advertising messages, advertisements or sponsored posts in its social media channels.
These advertisements will be labeled "#ad" and may also include "#sponsored," "#PartnerPromotion," or "#HLsponsor."

6.
We clearly distinguish content that is part of a co­branded program.
Occasionally Healthline will work with products, services or organizations that align with our mission.
Healthline vets these products, services or organizations for quality and only present what we feel is valuable to and in the best interest of our users.
Healthline receives a payment when users purchase, or sign up for the product or service but is not responsible for providing the products or services.
Content in these programs is not created, or medically reviewed by Healthline.
Any partner content will be labeled with the following language, "Healthline and our partners may receive a portion of revenues if you make a purchase using a link above." Partner pages may also include a "what’s this" link that takes users to a page that explains the nature of the partnership.   Terms of Use
Last updated: 08/19/2019
Welcome to the websites or mobile applications of Healthline Media Inc.
and its owned and operated properties: Healthline Media UK Ltd.
and HL Greatist (“Healthline,” “We,” “Us”).
The following terms and conditions, together with any documents they incorporate by reference, including without limitation the Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Terms of Use”), govern your access to and use of Healthline’s suite of websites and mobile applications.&nbsp;
Healthline’s websites include www.healthline.com and www.medicalnewstoday.com (collectively, the “Websites”).
Healthline’s mobile applications include MS Buddy, Breast Cancer Healthline, and IBD Healthline (collectively, the “Apps”).
Collectively, the Website and Apps are referred to as the “Services.” When using the Apps, you may be presented with additional Terms of Use, which are specific to such App.
Such additional terms (if any) shall be incorporated into these Terms of Use and, together with these Terms of Use, govern your use of such App.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Services.
BY ACCESSING, BROWSING, OR USING THE SERVICES (INCLUDING YOUR SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION TO THE WEBSITE), YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREED TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE, INCLUDING THE PRIVACY POLICY (WHICH IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE), AND TO COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS.
You agree that the Terms of Use, combined with your act of using the Services, has the same legal force and effect as a written contract with your written signature and satisfy any laws that require a writing or signature.
You further agree that you shall not challenge the validity, enforceability, or admissibility of the Terms of Use on the grounds that it was electronically transmitted or authorized.
The Services are offered and available to users who are 18 years of age or older.
By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you meet the foregoing eligibility requirement.
If you do not meet this requirement, you must not access or use the Services.
PLEASE BE AWARE THAT THESE TERMS INCLUDE LIMITATIONS ON THE LIABILITY OF HEALTHLINE AND OUR OBLIGATIONS RELATING TO THE SERVICES, CERTAIN CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO JURISDICTION, AND CERTAIN EXCLUSIONS OF HEALTHLINE’S RESPONSIBILITY.
THE SERVICES DO NOT PROVIDE MEDICAL ADVICE.

Table of Contents


Contents


Acceptable Use


General Rules


Community Guidelines for Apps


Reproduction of Content on Other Websites


Liability of Healthline and Its Licensors


Advertisements, Searches, and Links to Other Websites


Indemnity


Location.
Survival


Jurisdiction


Comments


Notices for Reporting and Making Claims of Copyright Infringement


Your Privacy Rights


Complete Agreement.
Amendments


Termination


No Waiver


Contact Information

CONTENTS
The contents of the Services, such as text, graphics, images, information obtained from Healthline's licensors, and other material&nbsp.
contained on the website, apps, newsletter, and products (“Content”) are for informational purposes only.
The Content and Services are not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment.
Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition.
If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately.
Healthline does not recommend or endorse any specific tests, physicians, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned on the Content or Services.
Reliance on any information provided by Healthline, Healthline employees, others appearing in the Content or on the Services at the invitation of Healthline, or other visitors to the Services is solely at your own risk.
The Content and Services may contain health- or medical-related materials that are sexually explicit.
If you find these materials offensive, you may not want to use our Content or Services.
Unless otherwise noted, all Content and Services, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, as well as all derivative works, are property owned, controlled, licensed, or used with permission by Healthline, and/or its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, or other parties that have licensed or otherwise permitted their material to be used by Healthline.
The Services as a whole and the Contents are protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, and other laws.
All worldwide right, title, and interest in and to the Services and Contents are owned by Healthline or used with permission.
The Website, the Website’s logos, the Apps, the Apps’ logos, and all other trademarks appearing on the Content and Services are trademarks of Healthline or are licensed or used with permission of the owner by Healthline.
You agree not to display or use such trademarks without Healthline’s prior written permission.
Healthline disclaims any proprietary interest in trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans, domain names, and trade names other than its own.
The Contents and Services are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use by the users of the Services and may not be used except as permitted in these Terms of Use.
You may share the Content with the use of the social media links (i.e., “Share,” “Pin It,” and “Tweet”) provided on our Services.
You may also share the Content via email through the use of our “Share” link.
You may download or copy the Content and other downloadable materials displayed on the Services for your personal use only.
No right, title, or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading, sharing, or copying.
Except as noted above, you may not reproduce, republish, publish, upload, post, transmit, distribute (including by email or other electronic means), publicly display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Content, the Services, or any related software without the prior written consent of Healthline or the owner of such material.
Nothing contained on the Content or Services grants or should be construed as granting any license or right to use, implied or otherwise, any trademarks, trade names, service marks, trade dress, or copyrighted or other proprietary material displayed on these Contend and Services without the prior written consent of Healthline or the owner of such material.
All rights not expressly granted herein by Healthline to you are reserved by Healthline and/or its licensors.
Third-party trade names, product names, and logos contained in these Websites may be the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
The information presented on or through the Content and Services is made available solely for general information purposes.
We may update the Content from time to time, but the Content is not necessarily complete or up to date.
Any of the material on the Services may be out of date at any given time, and We are under no obligation to update such material.
ACCEPTABLE USE
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security measures on the Services, including, without limitation:

Using a false password or one belonging to another user, or accessing data not intended for the user, or logging in to a server or account which such user is not authorized to access;
Disclosing a password or permitting a third party to use a password or failing to notify us if a password is compromised;
Attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the system or network, or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization;
Attempting to interfere with service to any user, host, or network, including, without limitation, via means of overloading, "flooding,” "mail bombing," or "crashing";
Sending unsolicited email or commercial electronic messages, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services;
Forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting.
or
Hijacking all or any part of the Services or Content.
deleting or changing any Services or Content.
deploying pop-up messages or advertising, running or displaying the Services or Content in frames or through similar means on another website.
or linking to the Services or Content, without our specific written permission.

GENERAL RULES
You agree to use the Content and Services only for lawful purposes and only for your own personal, non-commercial use.
You may not use the Services to transmit, post, download, distribute, copy, display publicly, store or destroy material (a) in violation of any applicable law or regulation, (b) in a manner that will infringe the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of others, or violate the privacy or publicity or other personal rights of others, or (c) that is libelous, obscene, offensive, threatening, defamatory, abusive, or hateful.
We have absolute discretion to determine if any use violates these rules, and to act as We deem appropriate in the event of any violation.
Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability.
We will investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve, cooperate with, and make disclosures to law enforcement authorities in identifying and prosecuting users who are involved in such violations.
COMMUNITY GUIDELINES FOR APPS
Please treat each other with respect.
Healthline’s mission is to empower people through support, hope, and knowledge.
We strive to ensure all members feel welcome, safe, and respected.
Following the guidelines below helps to keep the community safe for everyone.
THE RULES:

Any manner of bullying, intimidation, or harassment is forbidden.
This is not a dating application.
using the App in that way will result in expulsion from the community.&nbsp;
You may not post pornographic or violent content in messages, in group chats, or on your profile.
This includes adding photographs, drawings, or comments, even as a joke.
Depictions of nudity in non-sexual contexts, such as images of your surgery scars, are okay.
Do not ask other members to take the conversation to another messaging platform such as WhatsApp, Google Hangouts, Gmail, etc.&nbsp;
The promotion, advertising, or selling of any goods or services is not allowed.
Unauthorized content will be removed from the App.
Do not attempt to convert other members to your religious beliefs or otherwise make them feel uncomfortable.&nbsp;
It should go without saying, but all illegal activity is prohibited and may be reported to the appropriate authorities.
Finally, don’t spam anyone.

REPORTING
We rely on you, our Apps community members, to report other members or content that violates these guidelines.
Violating these Community Guidelines has consequences, which may include removal of content, suspension of posting privileges, or even expulsion from the Apps community.
Please keep in mind that while something may be disagreeable to you, it does not necessarily violate our Community Guidelines.
TO REPORT ANOTHER MEMBER OR CONTENT
When reporting another member, you have two options:


Block Member: This blocks both parties from showing up in the other person’s Member list, Home activity feed, and Group discussions.
In addition, 1:1 communication is not possible.&nbsp;

Report and Block Member: In addition to blocking the member, this creates a report, marking this member as someone who has broken the community guidelines.&nbsp;

You can report and/or block a member from the following places:&nbsp;


1:1 chats&nbsp;

When you receive a match request from another member, you can accept, decline, or choose to report and block.
After you are already connected with another member, you may click on the three dots in the upper right-hand corner in your private messaging screen and choose “Report” or “Block” from the menu options.



Group chats&nbsp;

Click on the member's profile picture and tap “Block Member” or “Report and Block Member.”
Long-press on the offensive message and select “Block Member” or “Report and Block Member.”



Home

Click on the member's profile picture and tap “Block Member” or “Report and Block Member.”
Press the three dots in the upper right hand corner of the offensive message and select ‘‘Block Member” or “Report and Block Member.”



REPRODUCTION OF CONTENT ON OTHER WEBSITES
Any Content placed on your website must be accredited to the applicable Website, with links placed to the original article on the applicable Website.
You are permitted to display the following on your website, provided you do so in a way that gives full credit to us as the original publisher and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it:

An active, follow link to the original full article on the applicable Website.&nbsp;
A canonical in your header code.
Instructions for how to set a canonical here: https://yoast.com/rel-canonical/.


However:&nbsp;

You may not place, or use any software to place, any complete articles from the applicable Website on your website, unless you have contacted us first and have received written permission from us to place the entire article online — these full terms of use will apply.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Use of any and all Healthline logos are not permitted.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You may not directly or indirectly suggest any endorsement or approval by the applicable Websites of your website, products, content, or any views expressed within your website.


Our Content may only be placed on websites that:&nbsp;

Do not promote, facilitate, or encourage Illegal activities (and do not display actionable Content under U.K.
or U.S.
law).
Do not promote, facilitate, or encourage hatred of any form (including, but not limited to, racism, terrorism, violence, and discrimination of any kind).
Do not have misleading, pornographic, or defamatory content.
Do not display any material that is in breach of any third-party intellectual property rights.

If you use a script to gather the information from our RSS feeds, you must use a server-side scripting language such as PHP or ASP, not JavaScript.
You must gather the data from the feeds at regular intervals of an hour or more and use a database to store it.
Using a script that gathers data from our site with every page load is not permitted.
Healthline provides the Content at no charge and you may not charge users specifically for accessing Healthline Content, nor attempt to sell our Content in any way.
Healthline reserves the right to restrict, suspend, or terminate any Content, your access to Content, the availability of Content or these Terms of Use at any time, without liability.
You agree to remove all of the Content from your website upon receiving notice of termination from Healthline.
You may terminate these Terms of Use at any time by removing all Content from your website and destroying all copies of our Content in your possession.
LIABILITY OF HEALTHLINE AND ITS LICENSORS
BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUSIONS OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE BELOW LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
The Services and the Content are provided on an "as is" basis and your use of the Services and the Content is at your own risk.
When using the Services, information will be transmitted over a medium that may be beyond the control and jurisdiction of Healthline.
Accordingly, Healthline assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the Services.

HEALTHLINE, ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, AND CONTRACTORS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Without limiting the foregoing, Healthline, its affiliates, and its licensors make no representations or warranties about the following:

The accuracy, reliability, completeness, currentness, or timeliness of the Content, software, text, graphics, links, or communications provided on or through the use of the Services.
The satisfaction of any government regulations requiring disclosure of information on prescription drug products or the approval or compliance of any software tools with regard to the Content contained on the Services.
Damages to, interruption of service or viruses that may infect your computer or telecommunications equipment arising from your access to or use of Services and its contents.


To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall Healthline, its affiliates, licensors, contractors, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents, or any third parties mentioned on the Services be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, personal injury/wrongful death, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) even if Healthline has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages, whether in an action under contract, negligence or any other theory, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use or performance of the information and Content and the Services.
These limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose or the existence of any limited remedy.
Healthline is not liable for any personal injury, including death, or infringement caused by your use or misuse of the Services, Content, or Comments (defined below).
Any claims arising in connection with your use of the Services, any Content, or Comments must be brought within one (1) year of the date of the event giving rise to such action occurred.
Remedies under these Terms of Use are exclusive and are limited to those expressly provided for in these Terms of Use.
For additional disclaimers and information regarding health content, please read our HEALTH INFORMATION DISCLAIMERS, which are incorporated herein by reference.
ADVERTISEMENTS, SEARCHES, AND LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Healthline may select certain sites as priority responses to search terms you enter, and Healthline may agree to allow advertisers to respond to certain search terms with advertisements or sponsored content.
Healthline does not recommend and does not endorse the content on any third-party websites.
Healthline is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites, sites framed within the Services, third-party sites provided as search results, or third-party advertisements, and does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy.
Your use of third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the terms of use for such sites.
Healthline does not endorse any product advertised on the Content or Services.
INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Healthline, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities, and settlements, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, (i) your use of and access of the Services, (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms of Use, (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right, or (iv) any claim that your use of the Services caused damage to a third party.
LOCATION AND SURVIVAL
Healthline is based in San Francisco, CA, in the United States of America.
Healthline makes no claims that the Content is appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States.
Access to the Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the Services from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
The following provisions survive the expiration or termination of this Terms of Use for any reason whatsoever: Location and Survival, Liability of Healthline and its Licensors, Comments, Indemnity, Jurisdiction, No Waiver, and Complete Agreement and Amendment.
JURISDICTION
You expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute with Healthline, or in any way relating to your use of the Services and/or the Content, resides in the courts of the State of California and you further agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in the courts of the State of California in connection with any such dispute including any claim involving Healthline or its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors, telecommunication providers, and content providers.
These Terms of Use are governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect.
No waiver of any of these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition.
COMMENTS
All comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted, or offered to Healthline on or by the Content and/or Services or otherwise disclosed, submitted, or offered in connection with your use of the Content and/or Services (collectively, “Comments”) shall be and remain Healthline’s property.
Such disclosure, submission, or offer of any Comments shall constitute an assignment to Healthline of all worldwide right, title, and interest in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the Comments.
Healthline is and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any Comments in confidence.
(2) to pay to user any compensation for any Comments.
or (3) to respond to any user Comments.
You agree not to post on or transmit through the Services any Comments or other material that:

is unlawful, libelous, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable in any manner;
is an advertisement or promotion for any product or service that had not been approved in writing by Healthline;
is false, misleading, or constitutes an unfair or deceptive trade practice;
promotes the use of alcohol, tobacco, or any illegal substance;
constitutes a breach of your contractual and/or fiduciary obligations or an invasion of privacy;
infringes on any third party patent, trademark, trade name, corporate name, trade secret, copyright, publicity, or other proprietary or property rights.
or
contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms or other code, scripts, routines, files or programs designed to alter, interrupt, impede, limit, or destroy the performance and/or functioning of any software, hardware, or other equipment.

You further agree that any Comments you provide do not contain any confidential, proprietary, or trade secret information of any third party, and will not be treated as confidential by Healthline.
Healthline shall have no obligation to store, keep copies of, or return any Comments.
Healthline further reserves the right (but does not have the obligation), in its sole discretion, to modify, delete, or remove any Comments from the Services that it deems to be in violation of the foregoing requirements.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Healthline shall have the right to:

Remove or refuse to post any Comments for any or no reason in our sole discretion.
Take any action with respect to any Comments that We deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if We believe that such Comment violates the Terms of Use, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of users of the Services or the public, or could create liability for Healthline.
Disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.
Take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Services.
Terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Services for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms of Use.

Without limiting the foregoing, We have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through the Services.
YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, AND SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER SUCH PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
However, We cannot review all material before it is posted on the Services and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted.
Accordingly, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, We assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or content provided by any user or third party.
We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.

Third-Party Content

Healthline may from time to time post Content supplied by third parties and users (collectively “Third-Party Content”).
In addition, if you register to receive our free newsletters and emails that promote the Services (“Newsletters”), you may receive Newsletters containing Third-Party Content or advertising that was sponsored by third parties.
Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties in the Third-Party Content are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and not of Healthline.
Healthline does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any Third-Party Content, nor its merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose.
Additional disclaimers and limitation of liability are noted below.
NOTICES FOR REPORTING AND MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
This policy is intended to comply with the requirements of the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
Healthline will investigate notices of copyright infringement and take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2) (“DMCA”).
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Healthline’s copyright agent the written information specified below:

An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest.
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon.
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Services.
Your address, telephone number, and email address.
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

Pursuant to the DMCA, written notification of claimed copyright infringement must be submitted to the following designated agent for these Websites:
Healthline Media, Inc.
Attn: DMCA Copyright Agent
660 Third&nbsp;Street, 2nd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94109
ViaI email:&nbsp;info@healthline.com
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
All information We collect on the Services is subject to our&nbsp;Privacy Policy.
By using the Services, you consent to all actions taken by Us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy, which is available at&nbsp;http://www.healthline.com/health/privacy-policy.
Please send any concerns regarding our products or services by clicking&nbsp;here.
COMPLETE AGREEMENT AND AMENDMENTS
Except as expressly provided in a particular “legal notice” on the Services, these Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and Healthline with respect to the use of the Services and Content.
Healthline, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to update, revise, supplement, and to otherwise modify these Terms of Use, and to impose new or additional terms and conditions on your use of the Services from time to time.
Such updates, revisions, supplements, modifications and additional rules, policies, terms and conditions (collectively referred to in these Terms of Use as “Additional Terms”) will be effective immediately and incorporated into these Terms of Use upon notice thereof, which may be given by any reasonable means, including by posting to the Services.
Your continued viewing or use of the Services following such notice will be deemed to conclusively indicate your acceptance of any and all such Additional Terms.
TERMINATION
You may stop using the Services at any time (subject to the surviving terms set forth herein).
Healthline also may terminate these Terms of Use and/or Services at any time and may do so immediately without notice.
Accordingly Healthline may deny you access to the Services, if in Healthline’s sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of the Terms of Use.
NO WAIVER
Healthline’s failure to enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms of Use will not constitute a waiver of Healthline’s right to subsequently enforce such a provision or any other provision of this Agreement, nor will any delay or omission on the part of Healthline to exercise or take advantage of any right or remedy that Healthline has or may have hereunder, operate as a waiver of any right or remedy.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Thank you for your cooperation.
We hope you find our Services helpful and convenient to use.
Questions or comments regarding these Services, including any reports of non-functioning links, should be directed to:
Healthline Media, Inc.
660 Third Street, 2nd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94107
Via email: info@healthline.com 