Herbalife Privacy Policy
Last Revised: March 4, 2019

This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to Herbalife International of America, Inc.
and its U.S.
affiliate entities (“Herbalife”).
It applies to all information collected by Herbalife through its online properties and mobile applications (the “Sites”) where this Privacy Policy is posted.
It also applies to information that Herbalife collects through offline methods.
Unless otherwise indicated, this Policy does not apply to an Herbalife Independent Distributor’s (“Distributor” or “Herbalife Distributor”) collection or use of information obtained by the Distributor directly from you or from sources other than Herbalife, unless it then is shared with and retained by Herbalife.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you of the kinds of information we may collect, how such information may be used, with whom such information may be shared, your choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of such information, your ability to access and correct such information and the security procedures we use to protect this information.

1.
What information does Herbalife collect?


Information You Provide Us Directly

At different occasions, you may provide information directly to Herbalife, such as your first and last name, mailing address, telephone number, email address, credit card, and banking information.
For example, you may provide us with information when using the Sites or when becoming an Herbalife Distributor or an Herbalife Preferred Member (“Preferred Member”).
If you do not provide us with the requested information, in some cases, we will not be able to provide you the service you have requested.
If you disclose to us any information of another individual, you are required to have secured the appropriate consent of that individual for disclosing such information to us.

Information About Your Device and Your Use of the Sites

We may gather certain information automatically, such as Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps, your Site activity (including the Site content you view, mouse movements, mouse clicks, taps, swipes, and information you view), and/or clickstream data for purposes such as analyzing trends, administering the Sites, improving the function and content of the Sites, and enforcing our Terms.
We use standard Internet technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, session replay/screen capture, and similar technologies to collect this information, as explained below in the section on cookies.
We may also collect precise information about your location, such as your mobile device’s GPS coordinates, cell tower information and/or WiFi signals.
Herbalife may use this information to personalize your experience in connection with your use of the Sites, Nutrition Clubs, or other Herbalife products and services.
If you do not want Herbalife to collect and use your specific geolocation information, you can disable the location features on your device.&nbsp.
Check your device manufacturer settings for how to do so.&nbsp;

Information from Third Party Sources

We may receive additional information about you from public and commercially-available sources and other third parties.
Distributors may also share information about you with Herbalife.
If you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter through the Sites, to login to the Sites or to share information about your experience on the Sites with others, we may collect information from these third-party services.
We may combine all of the information we collect and receive about you, both online and offline, and use or disclose it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.

2.
How does Herbalife use my Information?

We use the information we collect about you for a variety of purposes, including: providing you with the products, services and support you request.
processing your transactions and shipping your orders.
communicating with you about your account or transactions, changes to our policies and other administrative matters, or your questions and comments.
to better understand your interests in order to provide you with promotional information, relevant content, surveys, questionnaires, and other materials.
improving our products, services and operations.
and ensuring compliance with our company policies and rules and the law, or as we believe is necessary to protect, enforce or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety or property of ourselves and others.
We also use this information to validate sales made by Herbalife Distributors, to help Herbalife Distributors search for, communicate with and validate customers in our systems, and for Herbalife’s compliance purposes.
Herbalife or its authorized third parties may contact you directly for these purposes using various contact methods described below.
Herbalife may also use this information to support the operation of the Preferred Memberships and Distributorships, and to maintain proper functioning of the Herbalife Sales &amp.
Marketing Plan.
For example, information about Preferred Members may be used to support, calculate and track your product discount and to provide you with information on special promotions.
Information about Herbalife Distributors may be used to support, calculate and track discounts, earnings and bonuses, to issue payments to and report income to taxing authorities, to provide training, and to ensure compliance with applicable law and company policies, plans and agreements, including the Distributorship Application and Agreement.
We may retain your information for as long as needed to: provide you services.
fulfill other legitimate business needs, such as maintaining the proper function of the Sales &amp.
Marketing Plan.
fulfill our compliance and legal obligations.
and resolve disputes and enforce our agreements, including the Distributorship Agreements.

3.
With Whom does Herbalife Share my Information?

Affiliates and Partners
We may share your information with our affiliates (companies that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with, Herbalife) as well as select partners.
Examples of how these entities may use your information include making predictions about your interests and providing you with special offers, promotions, advertisements, and other materials.
Vendors &amp.
Service Providers
We may share your information with vendors that perform functions on our behalf.
Examples of such functions include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, email administrative functions, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service.
Herbalife Independent Distributors
If you are an Herbalife Distributor, Preferred Member, or Customer, we may share your information with other Herbalife Distributors, including without limitation as part of a Lineage Report which contains information (such as name, contact information, level or rank, and volume and sales statistics) on other Distributors and Preferred Members in an Herbalife Distributor’s downline.
(The downline organization consists of all Distributors and Preferred Members that were personally sponsored by a particular Distributor, and in turn, all other persons sponsored by the subsequent Distributors.) To the extent the Lineage Report contains data from residents outside of the United States, including residents of the European Union, we have taken appropriate measures to protect the data in accordance with applicable law.
Lineage Reports are provided to Distributors in strict confidence and for the sole purpose of supporting the Distributors in further developing their Herbalife businesses, including for use in marketing tools and platforms.
We may share your information with Distributors to offer and provide you with products and services, and these Distributors may further share your information as described in their privacy policies.
For example, if you use some of our Sites, such as GoHerbalife.com and our Weight Loss Challenge Site (herbalifewlc.com), your information may be shared with one or more Distributors servicing those sites.
Similarly, if you participate in a Nutrition Club, we may share your information with any of the Distributors operating the Nutrition Club.
We may also share your information with Distributors so that they can provide you with a more personalized experience, such as recommending products and services that are most relevant to you.
Herbalife Distributors who receive your information are bound by the terms of their Distributorship Agreement and the privacy and data protection covenants contained therein.
Some of these Distributors may be based in countries that do not offer the same or a similar level of privacy protection as is available in your own country.
If you operate a Nutrition Club, we may share the location of that Club with Preferred Members, Customers, and other Herbalife Distributors.
Legal &amp.
Compliance Disclosures
We may also disclose your information: as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, legal proceedings, or similar legal process, including disclosure to authorized third party auditors.
or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate or prevent fraud, or respond to a government request.
Business Transitions
We may share your information if Herbalife is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of or transfer of assets, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
Other Parties in Aggregated Form
We may share your information with third parties in aggregated or de-identified form.
Other Parties with Your Consent
In addition to the sharing described in this Privacy Policy, we may also share information about you with third parties for any other purpose disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent or direction.

4.
How will Herbalife Communicate with me?

Herbalife may communicate with you via email, postal mail, telephone, text message, or other means on a regular basis to provide requested products and services and/or in regards to issues relating to your Herbalife business (if you are a Distributor).
Additionally, you may receive periodic information on Herbalife’s business, products, services, special deals, and the Herbalife Family Foundation through various communication means as described above.
Herbalife Distributors and Preferred Members may manage certain communications within their MyHerbalife subscription center.
In addition, you may manage these kinds of communications by following the instructions provided in the communication or by contacting us at 866-866-4744.

Is my Personal Information Secure?

We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect about you remains accurate, timely and secure.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant its complete security.

6.
How can I Access or Correct my Information?

In some instances, you may visit one or more of our Sites to verify and update certain information (for example, certain Distributor and Preferred Member account information on MyHerbalife).
If you are not able to update your information on our Sites, please contact us.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate requests to update your information.

7.
International Transfers.

The Sites are headquartered in the United States.
Please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Sites may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to another country in accordance with applicable law.
Using the Sites demonstrates your consent to the processing of information as described in this Policy.

8.
Children’s Information.

The Sites are general audience web sites that are not directed to children younger than 13.
We do not knowingly collect, use or disseminate any personal information from children under the age of 13, unless permitted by law.
If you believe we may have collected personal information from your child on the Sites, please contact us at privacy@herbalife.com and we will make reasonable efforts to delete it from our records, when required by law.

9.
Cookies and Tracking.
Herbalife, as well as certain third parties that provide content and other functionality on our Sites, use cookies, web beacons, session replay/screen capture, and other similar technologies for various purposes, including to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the Sites and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on computer hard drives.
A cookie enables the entity that put the cookie on your device to recognize it across different websites, services, devices, and browsing sessions.
For example, we may use cookies to recognize you when you return to the Sites in order to provide you with a better user experience.
We may allow third parties to use cookies on the Sites but we do not control the use or contents of third party cookies.
Web browsers often allow you to configure the browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is sent.
If you elect to reject cookies, please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of the features and functions of the Sites.
To learn more about cookies and how to manage them, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
Web beacons and similar technologies are small bits of code, which are embedded in web pages, advertisements, and e-mails, that communicate with third parties.
We use web beacons, for example, to count the number of users who have visited a particular web page, to deliver or communicate with cookies, and to understand usage patterns.
We also may include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
There are other local storage and internet technologies, such as Local Shared Objects (also referred to as “Flash cookies”), HTML5 local storage and embed scripts, which can operate similarly to the cookies discussed above.
Please note that these technologies are distinct from cookies, and you may not be able to control them using standard browser tools and settings.
For information about managing Flash cookies, please click www.adobe.com/privacy.html.
To learn more about Adobe analytics and to opt out, click www.adobe.com/privacy.html.
We may use Bluetooth beacon technology to improve the Nutrition Club experience.
Mobile devices that have enabled Bluetooth can receive a signal when in range of a beacon.
The signals will not be received unless the user has turned on Bluetooth, installed an Herbalife mobile application and enabled push notifications.
The beacon functionality may allow for notifications, customer check-ins, and payments.&nbsp.
You can disable the beacon functionality in the app’s settings.

10.
Do Not Track.

Web browsers may allow you to send “Do Not Track” requests.
We do not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because there is no current industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals.
We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard if and when one is created.

11.
Online Advertising.

We may display advertising on our website and partner with third parties to manage advertising on other websites for our products and services.
We may also partner with third parties, including business partners, advertising networks, and other advertising service providers, who gather information about you on our Sites and other sites to provide you with advertisements on the Sites and elsewhere online based on your browsing history and tailored to your interests, preferences, and characteristics.
Cookies or other similar technologies may be used to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Policy.
Some third parties collect information about users of our Sites to provide interest-based advertising on our Sites and elsewhere, including across browsers and devices.
These third parties may use the information they collect on our Sites to make predictions about your interests in order to provide you ads (from us and other companies) across the Internet.
Some of these third parties may participate in industry-developed programs designed to provide consumers with choices about whether to receive targeted advertising.
Due to differences between using apps and websites on mobile devices, you may need to take additional steps to disable targeted ad technologies in mobile apps.
Many mobile devices allow you to opt out of targeted advertising for mobile apps using the settings within the mobile app or your mobile device.
For more information, please check your mobile settings.
You also may uninstall our apps using the standard uninstall process available on your mobile device or app marketplace.
To opt out of interest-based advertising across browsers and devices from companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance or Network Advertising Initiative opt-out programs, please visit the websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative (//www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (//www.aboutads.info/choices/).
You may also be able to opt out of interest-based advertising through the settings within the mobile app or your mobile device, but your opt-out choice may apply only to the browser or device you are using when you opt out, so you should opt out on each of your browsers and devices if you want to disable all cross-device linking for interest-based advertising.
Further information in local languages may be available at www.youronlinechoices.com/.
If you are located in the European Union, more information is available at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
Please note that even if you use an industry-based opt-out for interest-based advertising, you will continue to receive generic advertisements and your experience on our Sites may be degraded.

2.
Online Forums.

The Sites may offer publicly-accessible community forums.
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas is public and may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
To request removal of your personal information from these forums, email us at privacy@herbalife.com .
In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information.

13.
Third-Party Links.

The Sites may contain links to websites operated and maintained by third parties over which we have no control.
Any information you provide to third party websites will be governed under the terms of each websites' privacy policy and we encourage you to investigate such policies before disclosing any information to the operators of third party websites.
We have no responsibility or liability for the content, actions or policies of third party websites.
The inclusion of links to third party websites on our Sites in no way constitutes an endorsement of such websites' content, actions or policies.

14.
Third-Party Functionality.

Some of the functionality on the Sites may be provided by third parties that are not affiliated with Herbalife.
These entities may collect or receive certain information about your use of the Sites, including through the use of cookies, Web beacons, and similar technologies.
Herbalife is not responsible for the privacy practices of these entities.
If you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter, through the Sites, to login to the Sites or to share information about your experience on the Sites with others, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you, including information about your activity on the Site, and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of the Site, in accordance with their own privacy policies.

15.
California Privacy Rights.

Residents of the State of California, under the California Civil Code, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties, if any, to which the company has disclosed personal information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes (e.g., requests made in 2016 will receive information about 2015 sharing activities).
We comply with this law by offering California residents the ability to tell us not to share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please email us at privacy@herbalife.com .
You must include the name of this Site and “California Resident” as the subject line, and your full name, e-mail address, and postal address in your message.
Please note that any request under this paragraph will be limited to Herbalife's use and disclosure of your personal information.
You will need to make the same request of your Herbalife Independent Distributor if you would like to obtain information about any disclosure that he or she has made of your personal information.

16.
Modifications to this Policy.

This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date listed at the beginning of this Policy.
Herbalife reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time.
Any changes to this Policy will be effective immediately upon notice, which may be provided to you by posting the latest version on the Sites.
Your subsequent use of the Sites will be deemed acceptance of such changes.
Be sure to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure familiarity with its most current version.
By using the Sites following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy, you agree to all such changes.

17.
What if I have Questions?

Herbalife takes privacy concerns seriously.
If you have questions or comments, you may contact us at: 800 West Olympic Blvd., Suite 406, Los Angeles, California 90015 (Attn: Privacy Dept.), privacy@herbalife.com , 866-866-4744. Terms of Use Last Revised: February 2, 2017.
 PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE AND THE PRIVACY POLICY, LOCATED AT //www.herbalife.com/privacy-policy (“PRIVACY POLICY”), BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE OR PURCHASING ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICES FROM HERBALIFE.
 These Terms of Use are an agreement (the “Agreement”) between Herbalife International of America, Inc., a Nevada corporation (“Herbalife,” the “Company”, “we” or “us”) and you "you" or "User").
This Agreement sets forth the legal terms and conditions governing your use of this website (the "Site") and your purchase and/or use of any Herbalife goods, services (collectively referred to hereinafter as, “Offerings”).
This Agreement also provides information on how to become an Herbalife Independent Distributor or Herbalife Preferred Member.
 Your use of the Site and all information, data, text, software, information, images, sounds or other materials contained therein, or your use or purchase of any other Offerings confirms your unconditional agreement to be bound by this Agreement and is subject to your continued compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
If you do not agree to be bound by this Agreement, do not access or otherwise use the Site or participate in any of the Offerings.

 This Agreement and the Herbalife Privacy Policy and any other terms and policies incorporated herein by reference (collectively, the "Other Policies"), constitute the entire agreement between you and us pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior or other arrangements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether oral or written.
No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar), nor shall any such waiver constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise expressly provided.
 The information and features included in this Site are subject to change at any time without notice.
By accessing or linking to this Site (to the extent linking is permissible), you assume the risk that the information on this Site may be changed or removed.

 1.
MODIFICATIONS

 We reserve the right at any time to:
 Change the terms and conditions of this Agreement;
 Enhance, add to, modify or discontinue the Site or other Offerings, or any portion of the Site or other Offerings, at any time in our sole discretion.
 From time to time, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, update, add to, discontinue, remove, revise or otherwise change any portion of this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time.
For changes to this Agreement that we consider to be material, we will place a notice on the Site by revising the link on the homepage to read substantially as "Updated Terms of Use" for a reasonable amount of time.
If you provide information to us, access or use the Site or participate in any Offering in any way after this Agreement has been changed, you will be deemed to have read, understood and consented to and agreed to such changes.
The most current version of this Agreement will be available on the Site and will supersede all previous versions of this Agreement.

 2.
ACCESS

 You must obtain access to the Internet and pay any service fees associated with such access to use the Site.
In addition, you must provide all equipment necessary for you to access the Internet.
You are and will remain solely responsible for the purchase, hookup, installation, loading, operation and maintenance of any hardware, software, telephone (cable or other) service, and the Internet access service to your personal computer and for all related costs.
You are solely responsible for scanning your hardware and software for computer viruses and other related problems before you use them.
We expressly disclaim, subject to Section 16 of this Agreement, any liability or responsibility for any errors or failures relating to the malfunction or failure of your hardware or software in connection with the use of the Site or Offerings.

3.
ELIGIBILITY

 You represent and warrant that you are eighteen (18) years of age or older, or if you are under the age of eighteen (18) you are at least the age of thirteen (13) and are accessing the Site with the knowledge and consent of your parent or legal guardian, who will also be deemed to have agreed to this Agreement.
Certain features on this Site (including, but not limited to, user registration) and certain Offerings may be subject to heightened age and/or other eligibility requirements.
 Herbalife products and the Herbalife business opportunity cannot be offered, shipped into or sold in any country outside of those countries that are previously authorized by Herbalife.
For a list of such countries, please click here: Authorized Countries.
Herbalife is expanding its sales into other markets, accordingly please check for updates periodically.

4.
BECOMING AN HERBALIFE PREFERRED MEMBER OR HERBALIFE INDEPENDENT DISTRIBUTOR

 Herbalife® products and services are sold through Herbalife’s network of Independent Distributors.
To purchase Herbalife® goods or services, you do not have to become a Distributor.
Instead, you can purchase Herbalife® products from a Distributor or become an Herbalife Preferred Member.
If you are interested in purchasing products from a Distributor or becoming a Preferred Member, please see the Product section of the Site.
If, however, you are interested in starting your own business as an Herbalife Independent Distributor, please see the Business Opportunity section of the Site.

5.
HERBALIFE CUSTOMER, PREFERRED MEMBER AND DISTRIBUTOR REFUND POLICIES


Customer and Preferred Member Refund Policy

 Herbalife guarantees the quality of any product which carries the Herbalife name and certifies that the products manufactured for it meet high standards of freshness and purity for customer use.
We are confident that our customers will find our products satisfactory in every way.
However, if for any reason, a retail customer or Preferred Member is not completely satisfied with any Herbalife product purchased directly from Herbalife or an Herbalife Independent Distributor, you may return it within 30 days from receipt for a full refund or product exchange.
Refunds and exchanges may be obtained by following the instructions available at Herbalife.com or by calling 866-866-4744 or by contacting your Herbalife Independent Distributor.
This guarantee is limited, subject to Section 16 of this Agreement, only by the terms of certain specific warranties attached to or packaged with certain products and does not apply to any product intentionally damaged or misused.

Distributor Refund Policy

 If Distributorship is canceled for any reason, Distributors may return all unopened products that were purchased in the previous 12 months for a full refund.
To obtain a refund, Distributors may call Herbalife at 866-866-4744 or submit the refund form available at MyHerbalife.com.

6.
INFORMATION AND PRIVACY

 If you provide information to the Site, you agree to provide accurate, current and complete information where requested and you agree to maintain and update such information as appropriate.
We will use and maintain personal information that we collect through the Site in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

7.
USER FORUMS

 Forums, bulletin boards, chat rooms or other interactive areas that are or may be offered on the Site ("User Forums") are provided to give users a forum to express their opinions and share their ideas and information.
The individual who posts content in the User Forums ("Community Content") is responsible for the reliability, accuracy, and truthfulness of such content, and we have no control over the same.
Additionally, we have no control over whether any such posted material is of a nature that users will find offensive, distasteful or otherwise unacceptable and expressly disclaim any responsibility for such material.
 We do not and cannot review every message posted by users in the User Forums, and are not responsible for the content of these messages or the views or opinions expressed by the users of the User Forums.
Information disclosed in the User Forums is by design revealed to the public.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to delete, move or edit content, in whole or in part, submitted by you to the Site for any reason in our sole discretion.
In addition, we may delete, move, edit or disclose the contents of messages when it is required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such action is necessary to protect and defend our rights and property or to protect the safety of our users or the public.
In no event do we assume any obligation to monitor the User Forums or remove any specific material.
 You understand that the uploading to and/or posting of any Community Content in any User Forum shall not be subject to any obligation of confidentiality on the part of Company, and we shall not be liable, subject to Section 16 of this Agreement, for any use or disclosure of any Community Content.
 (a)	Restrictions on Use
 In consideration for your use of the User Forums and functionality, you agree to comply with the "Community Guidelines" set forth below.
Without limiting our other rights and remedies, individuals who violate the following Community Guidelines may, at our sole discretion, be permanently banned from using the Site:
 harass, stalk or otherwise abuse another user;
 transmit, post, send, upload, distribute, submit or otherwise make available any content that suggests that participating in the Herbalife opportunity will result in a lavish lifestyle, including the following, or any substantially similar images: opulent mansions, private helicopters, jets, or yachts.
or exotic automobiles;
 transmit, post, send, upload, distribute, submit or otherwise make available any content that is false, harmful, threatening, abusive, tortious, defamatory, libelous, disparaging (including disparaging of Herbalife), vulgar, obscene, pornographic or that promotes violence, racial hatred, terrorism or illegal acts, or is otherwise objectionable (as determined by us in our sole discretion);
 transmit, post, send, upload, distribute, submit or otherwise make available any content which is or could be detrimental to or which may otherwise diminish, damage or weaken the reputation or image of Herbalife, its products, Distributors, trademarks, trade names or goodwill;
 transmit, post, send, upload, distribute, submit or otherwise make available any content that is unlawful or infringes, violates or misappropriates any patent, trademark, trade identity right, trade secret, publicity right, privacy right, copyright or any other intellectual property or any other rights of any third party;
 transmit, post, send, upload, distribute, submit or otherwise make available any viruses, Trojan horses or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files or material that interferes with any third party's use and enjoyment of the Site;
 impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the Site or to Herbalife, including forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any transmission to the Site for any reason;
 transmit, post, send, upload, distribute, submit or otherwise make available through the Site any personal advertising, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes or offer for sale of any products or services, except in areas, if any, specifically designated for such purposes.
or
 violate any applicable local, state, federal or international law, rule or regulation.
 participate in any part of the Site if you are under the age of 18.
 transmit, post, send, upload, distribute, submit or otherwise make available through the Site any content containing any solicitation of funds, promotion, advertising, or solicitation for goods or services.
You also hereby acknowledge that you are prohibited from soliciting other guests to join or become members of any commercial online service or other organization.
 collect or harvest the information of any user or otherwise access the Site using automated means (including but not limited to harvesting bots, robots, spiders or scrapers).
 “frame”, “mirror” or “deep link” any part of the Site or other Offerings without our prior written authorization.
 link to any page within the Site or other Offerings from any web site or web page that makes any claims as to the curative or health enhancing powers of any substance, whether or not such substance is produced, marketed, sold or distributed by us.
 We do not endorse the Community Content in the User Forums and specifically disclaim any responsibility or liability, subject to Section 16 of this Agreement, to any person or entity (including, without limitation, persons who may use or rely on such material) for any loss, damage (whether actual, consequential, punitive or otherwise), injury, claim, liability or other cause of any kind or character based upon or resulting from any Community Content provided through a User Forum.
By posting or uploading Community Content to any User Forum or submitting any other Community Content to us, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such rights has expressly granted) us a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, sub-license, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or incorporate such Community Content into any form, medium, or technology now known or hereafter devised throughout the universe in perpetuity.
In addition, you warrant that the content as uploaded or posted by you does not violate any person's so-called publicity rights or "moral rights" or other similar or analogous rights under any applicable laws in any country or region of the world.

8.
USE OF E-MAIL ADDRESSES PROVIDED BY THE SITE

 When using any e-mail address, or e-card/e-message functionality, provided to you on or through the Site or other Offerings, you agree to use such email address in accordance with all applicable laws and not to transmit to any person or entity:
 any content that violates the Community Guidelines set forth above with respect to the User Forums or that is unlawful, fraudulent, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, harmful, harassing, tortious, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or is racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable, or is subject to an agreement of confidentiality, or infringes upon our or any third party’s intellectual property or other rights;
 any non-public information about any company;
 any trade secret.
or
 any computer code, files or programs (for example, a computer virus) designed to interrupt, destroy, compromise the security of or limit the functionality of any device.
 Spamming is strictly prohibited.
Spam is defined for this purpose as sending an unsolicited message to any persons, entities, newsgroups, forums, e-mail lists or other groups or lists unless prior authorization has been obtained from the e-mail recipient which explicitly permits sending e-mail communication to them, or unless a business or personal relationship has already been established with the e-mail recipient.
IF YOU ARE “SPAMMED” BY SOMEONE WHO IS SELLING OR DESCRIBING HERBALIFE’S PRODUCTS OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, PLEASE CONTACT US PROMPTLY.
 The use of false headers in e-mails or falsifying, forging or altering the origin of any e-mail in connection with Herbalife and/or its products and services is prohibited.
 If a person or entity indicates that they do not want to receive e-mail, you agree not to send e-mail to such person or entity.
If a person initially agrees to receive e-mail, but later asks to stop receiving e-mail, you must abide by that request.
 Herbalife prohibits engaging in any of the foregoing activities, yourself or through the service of another provider, remailer service or otherwise.

9.
OUR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

 This Site and all of the content it contains, or may in the future contain, including but not limited to articles, opinions, other text, directories, guides, photographs, illustrations, images, video and audio clips and advertising copy, as well as the trademarks, copyrights, logos, domain names, code, trade names, service marks, patents and any and all copyrightable material (including source and object code) and/or any other form of intellectual property (collectively, the "Material") are owned by or licensed to us or other authorized third parties and are protected from unauthorized use, copying and dissemination by copyright, trademark, publicity and other laws and by international treaties.
Unless expressly permitted in writing by us, you shall not capture, reproduce, perform, transfer, sell, license, modify, create derivative works from or based upon, republish, reverse engineer, upload, edit, post, transmit, publicly display, frame, link, distribute, or exploit in whole or in part any of the Material.
Nothing contained in this Agreement or on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Material in any manner without the prior written consent of us or such third party that may own the Material or intellectual property displayed on the Site.
UNAUTHORIZED USE, COPYING, REPRODUCTION, MODIFICATION, PUBLICATION, REPUBLICATION, UPLOADING, FRAMING, DOWNLOADING, POSTING, TRANSMITTING, DISTRIBUTING, DUPLICATING OR ANY OTHER MISUSE OF ANY OF THE MATERIAL IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED.
Any use of the Material other than as permitted by this Agreement will, subject to Section 16 of this Agreement, constitute a violation of this Agreement and may constitute copyright and/or patent infringement.
You agree not to use the Material for any unlawful purposes and not to violate our rights or the rights of others.
You agree not to interfere or permit any third party to interfere with the normal processes or use of the Site by other users, including without limitation by attempting to access administrative areas of the Site.
You are advised that we will aggressively enforce our rights to the fullest extent of the law.
We may add, change, discontinue, remove or suspend any of the Material at any time, without notice and without liability.
Herbalife, our logo, and the name of the products produced, marketed, sold or distributed by the Herbalife, are trademarks and/or service marks of Herbalife International of America, Inc., or its affiliates.
All other trademarks, service marks, and logos used on the Site or other Offerings are the trademarks, service marks or logos of their respective owners.

10.
MEMBERSHIP AND REGISTRATION

 Certain areas of the Site may require registration or may otherwise ask you to provide information to participate in certain features or to access certain content.
The decision to provide this information is purely voluntary and optional.
however, if you elect not to provide such information, you may not be able to access certain content or participate in certain features of the Site.
 If you register with the Site, you agree to accept responsibility, subject to Section 16 of this Agreement, for all activities that occur under your account, email or password, if any, and agree you will not sell, transfer or assign your membership, any membership rights or any Site issued email address or e-card/e-message functionality.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, if any, and for restricting access to your computer so that others may not access the password protected portion of the Site or your Site issued email account using your name in whole or in part.
We may, in our sole discretion, and at any time, with or without notice, terminate your access and membership, for any reason or no reason at all.

11.
IDEA SUBMISSIONS

 We are pleased to hear from users and welcome your comments regarding Herbalife’s services and products.
Nevertheless, our long-standing company policy does not allow it to accept or consider creative ideas, suggestions, or materials other than those it has specifically requested (see below).
While we value your feedback on our services and products, we request that you be specific in your comments on those services and products, and that you not submit any creative ideas, suggestions, or materials.
We hope you will understand that it is the intent of this policy to avoid the possibility of future misunderstandings when projects developed by us or our affiliates' professional staff might seem to others to be similar to their own creative work.
Accordingly, we ask that you do not send us any original creative materials such as show designs, photographs, drawings, or original artwork.
 If you send or post certain specific submissions at our request (e.g., via message boards or in connection with contests) or if you send us creative suggestions, ideas, notes, photographs, drawings, concepts, or any other information (each, a "Submission" and collectively, the "Submissions") despite our request that you not send us any unsolicited Submissions or other creative materials, the Submission will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary in each instance.
For purposes of this Paragraph, all Community Content shall be deemed included in the definition of Submissions.
None of the Submissions shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of us, and we shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Submissions.
Any Submission may be used by us without restriction for any purpose whatsoever, including, without limitation, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast or posting, and you hereby irrevocably waive, release and give up any claim that any use of such Submission violates any of your rights, subject to Section 16 of this Agreement, including, without limitation, copyrights, trademarks, moral rights, privacy rights, proprietary or other property rights, publicity rights, or right to credit for the material or ideas.
We shall have and are irrevocably granted the right, but not the obligation, to reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, broadcast, license, perform, post, sell, translate, incorporate, create derivative works from, distribute and otherwise use the Submission in any and all media, now known or hereafter devised, throughout the universe, in perpetuity, without according you any compensation or credit.
By submitting a Submission to this Site or us, you represent that such Submission is original with you and does not violate or infringe upon the rights of any third parties, including, without limitation, any intellectual property rights and rights of publicity and/or privacy.
All Submissions to the Site and/or us shall be our sole property and will not be acknowledged or returned.
You agree and understand that we are not obligated to use any Submission you make to the Site or us and you have no right to compel such use.
You hereby acknowledge and agree that your relationship with us is not a confidential, fiduciary, or other special relationship, subject to Section 16 of this Agreement, and that your decision to submit any material to us does not place us in a position that is any different from the position held by members of the general public with regard to your Submission.
You understand and acknowledge that we have wide access to ideas, stories, designs, and other literary materials, and that new ideas are constantly being submitted to us or being developed by our own employees.
Many ideas or stories may be competitive with, similar or identical to your Submission in theme, idea, plot, format or other respects.
You acknowledge and agree that you will not be entitled to any compensation as a result of our use of any such similar or identical material.
Finally, you acknowledge that, with respect to any claim you may have relating to or arising out of an actual or alleged exploitation or use of any material you submit to the Site and/or us, the damage, if any, thereby caused will not be irreparable or otherwise sufficient to entitle you to injunctive or other equitable relief or to in any way enjoin the production, distribution, exhibition or other exploitation of any production based on or allegedly based on the material, and your rights and remedies in any such event shall be strictly limited to the right to recover damages, if any, in an action at law, subject to Section 16 of this Agreement.

12.
COPYRIGHTS AND COPYRIGHT AGENT

 Herbalife respects the intellectual property of others and we ask our users to do the same.
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Herbalife has designated a Copyright Agent to receive notice of claims of copyright infringement on the Site.
Herbalife’s Copyright Agent may be reached at dmca@herbalife.com.
If you believe that any Community Content infringes the copyright in a work that is owned or controlled by you or if you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please promptly provide Herbalife’s Copyright Agent the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C.
§ 512(c)(3) for further detail):
 An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
 A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works;
 The exact URL or a description reasonably sufficient to permit Herbalife to locate where the alleged infringing material is located on the Site;
 Your name, address, telephone number and email address;
 A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law and does not qualify as fair use;A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are either the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

13.
PROMOTIONS

 This Site may contain sweepstakes, contests or other promotions that require you to send material or information about yourself.
Please note that sweepstakes, contests or promotions offered via the Site may be, and often are, governed by a separate set of rules that, in addition to describing such sweepstakes, contest or promotion, may have eligibility requirements, such as certain age or geographic area restrictions, terms and conditions governing the use of material you submit, and disclosures about how your personal information may be used.
It is your responsibility to read such rules to determine whether or not you want to and are eligible to participate, register and/or enter.
By entering any such sweepstakes, contest or other promotion, you agree to comply with abide by such rules and the decisions of the sponsor(s) identified therein, which shall be final and binding in all respects.

14.
LINKS

 We may provide links to third party web sites or resources.
Our provision of such links is not an endorsement of any information, product or service reached through such link.
We are not responsible for the content or performance of any portion of the Internet including other World Wide Websites to which the Site may be linked for from which the Site may be accessed.
You are requested to inform us of any errors or inappropriate material found on Websites to which this Site is or may be linked.

15.
ERRORS

 Although we attempt to maintain the integrity of the Site and other Offerings, we make no guarantee as to the accuracy or completeness of the Site or other Offerings.
If you believe that you have discovered an error in the Site or other Offerings, please contact us at 866-866-4744 and include, if possible, a description of the error, its URL location and your contact information.
We will make reasonable efforts to address your concerns.

16.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

 YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THIS SITE AND ALL MATERIAL AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CONTAINED ON IT ARE DISTRIBUTED "AS IS" "AS AVAILABLE" "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THOSE ARISING BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE IN LAW OR FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
YOU MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY BY JURISDICTION.
 YOU AGREE THAT WE AND OUR PARENTS, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, LICENSORS AND ASSIGNS, AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS (COLLECTIVELY, THE "RELEASED PARTIES"), ARE NOT LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER BASED IN TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OR RESULTING IN ANY WAY FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE, THE OFFERINGS, THE USER FORUMS, THE MATERIAL, OR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ITS TECHNICAL OPERATION OR THE MATERIAL, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER CAUSED IN WHOLE OR IN PART BY NEGLIGENCE, ACTS OF GOD, TELECOMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OF, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, THIS SITE OR ITS RELATED INFORMATION OR PROGRAMS.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION IN THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT AND UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE RELEASED PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY REASON OR ANY CAUSE OF ACTION WHATSOEVER IN AN AMOUNT GREATER THAN FIFTY DOLLARS ($50).
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, AND/OR THE DISCLAIMER OF SOME TYPES OF DAMAGES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE MIGHT NOT APPLY TO YOU.
 We make no representation or warranty whatsoever regarding the completeness, accuracy, currency or adequacy of any information, facts, views, opinions, statements or recommendations contained on this Site, in any Offering and/or the Material.
Reference to any product, process, publication or service of any third party by trade name, domain name, trademark, service mark, logo, manufacturer or otherwise does not constitute or imply its endorsement or recommendation by us.
Views and opinions of users of this Site do not necessarily state or reflect those of Herbalife.
Users are responsible for seeking the advice of professionals, as appropriate, regarding the information, opinions, advice or content available at this Site.
 The Internet may be subject to breaches of security.
We are not responsible for any resulting damage to any user's computer from any such security breach, or from any virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer line failure or any other technical or other malfunction.
You should also be aware that email submissions over the Internet may not be secure, and you should consider this before submitting any information to anyone over the internet.
We make no representation or warranty whatsoever regarding the suitability, functionality, availability or operation of this Site.
This Site may be temporarily unavailable due to maintenance or malfunction of computer equipment.
 BY ACCESSING THIS SITE, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU MAY BE WAIVING RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS THAT ARE AT THIS TIME UNKNOWN OR UNSUSPECTED, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH WAIVER, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND, AND HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE, THE BENEFITS OF SECTION 1542 OF THE CIVIL CODE OF CALIFORNIA, AND ANY SIMILAR LAW OF ANY STATE OR TERRITORY, WHICH PROVIDES AS FOLLOWS: "A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR."

NOTICE TO NEW JERSEY RESIDENTS: Your rights are protected under the Truth-in-Consumer Contract, Warranty and Notice Act and New Jersey law generally.
The following provisions in these Terms of Use do not apply to you and are not intended to vary, diminish or alter your rights under New Jersey law: specifically, nothing in these Terms of Use limits, varies, diminishes, affects, or otherwise voids or alters your rights under New Jersey law as they relate to limitations of liability or exculpation (including, but not limited to, limitations on indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, consequential or similar damages), dispute resolution, indemnification, venue or jurisdiction, statutes of limitation or repose periods for bringing claims, plain language requirements, representations and warranties of any type or nature (including, but not limited to, conditions of merchantability, of satisfactory quality, of fitness for a particular purpose, of accuracy, of quiet enjoyment, and non-infringement), contract remedies, personal injury, tort and negligence claims, conditions of sale, fee-shifting provisions, waiver of attorney fees and/or costs, and copyright. Your rights regarding these specific provisions will be governed by New Jersey law.
In the event of any conflict between these Terms of Use and New Jersey law, New Jersey law shall govern.

17.
INDEMNIFICATION

BY USING THIS SITE YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD THE RELEASED PARTIES HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ANY THIRD PARTY CLAIMS, ALLEGED CLAIMS, DEMANDS, CAUSES OF ACTION, JUDGMENTS, DAMAGES, LOSSES, LIABILITIES, AND ALL COSTS AND EXPENSES OF DEFENSE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO: YOUR BREACH OF YOUR REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, COVENANTS OR AGREEMENTS HEREUNDER.
YOUR VIOLATION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY LAW.
YOUR USE OF THIS SITE AND/OR THE MATERIAL IN VIOLATION OF THIS AGREEMENT.
INFORMATION OR MATERIAL POSTED OR TRANSMITTED THROUGH YOUR COMPUTER OR MEMBERSHIP OR DISTRIBUTORSHIP ACCOUNT, EVEN IF NOT SUBMITTED BY YOU, THAT INFRINGES ANY COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK, TRADE SECRET, TRADE DRESS, PATENT, PUBLICITY, PRIVACY OR OTHER RIGHT OF ANY PERSON OR DEFAMES ANY PERSON.
ANY MISREPRESENTATION MADE BY YOU.
AND/OR OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION.
YOU WILL COOPERATE AS FULLY AND AS REASONABLY REQUIRED IN COMPANY'S DEFENSE OF ANY CLAIM.
COMPANY RESERVES THE RIGHT, AT ITS OWN EXPENSE, TO ASSUME THE EXCLUSIVE DEFENSE AND CONTROL OF ANY MATTER OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO INDEMNIFICATION BY YOU, AND YOU SHALL NOT IN ANY EVENT SETTLE ANY SUCH MATTER WITHOUT OUR WRITTEN CONSENT, SUBJECT TO SECTION 16 OF THIS AGREEMENT.

18.
TERMINATION.
MODIFICATION

 We will determine, subject to Section 16 of this Agreement, your compliance with this Agreement in our sole discretion and our decision shall be final and binding.
Any violation of this Agreement may result in restrictions on your access to all or part of the Site and may be referred to law enforcement authorities.
No waiver of any of this Agreement shall be of any force or effect unless made in writing and signed by a duly authorized officer of Herbalife.
We reserve the right to modify or discontinue this Site, or any portion thereof without notice to you or any third party.
Upon termination of your membership, distributorship, or access to the Site, or upon demand by Herbalife, you must destroy all materials obtained from this Site and all related documentation and all copies and installations thereof.
You are advised that we will aggressively enforce our rights to the fullest extent of the law.
 If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect.
The section titles in this Agreement are for your convenience only and do not have any legal or contractual effect.

19.
UNITED STATES LAW

 We operate the Site in the United States.
Information contained on this Site may not be appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to this Site from territories where the content of the Site may be illegal is prohibited.
If you choose to access the Site or other Offerings from locations outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with local laws if, and to the extent that, such local laws are applicable.
 All software used on the Site or other Offerings is subject to U.S.
export controls.
No such software may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Burma, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria, Sudan, Venezuela or any other country to which the U.S.
has embargoed goods.
or (ii) to anyone on the U.S.
Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S.
Commerce Department’s Table of Deny Orders.
By downloading or using any such software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
 We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to limit the availability of the Site or other Offerings to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction at any time.

20.
CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE

 The laws of the United States, State of California apply to this Agreement (without regard to California’s conflict of law principles that would cause the application of any other jurisdiction's laws) and will specifically not be governed by the United Nations Conventions on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, if otherwise applicable.
Any dispute between you and us must be brought before state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California within ninety (90) days after the occurrence of the facts giving rise to the cause of action, otherwise the cause shall be forever barred.
You hereby consent and submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the courts located in Los Angeles, California for any cause of action relating to or arising under this Agreement or the Site.
This Section 20 applies subject to the provisions of Section 16 of this Agreement.

21.
CONTACT US

 If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Site, any Offerings or this Agreement, you may contact us at 866-866-4744.