huluStart Your Free TrialLog InTerms Of UseEffective Date: September 13, 2018



Welcome to Hulu! It is our pleasure to provide the services described below for your personal enjoyment and entertainment in accordance with these Terms of Use ("Terms").
Please take a moment to carefully read through these Terms.

As a preliminary matter, we wanted to highlight a topic that you will read more about later.
At Hulu, we expect that our world-class customer service team, which can be contacted through our Help Center at hulu.com/help, will be able to resolve any issues you may have as you enjoy our services.
In the unlikely event that an issue between us remains unresolved, please note that THESE TERMS REQUIRE ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS.
ALSO, THESE TERMS SET FORTH SPECIFIC REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO YOU.
PLEASE SEE SECTIONS 11 AND 13 TO LEARN MORE.
1.
DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMSHulu, LLC ("Hulu," "we," or "us") provides an online video service which gives users the opportunity to select from various offerings of live and on-demand programming, including television shows, movies, clips, and other content (collectively, the "Content").
Our video service, the Content, our player for viewing the Content (the "Video Player") and any other products, features, tools, materials, or other services (including third party branded services) offered from time to time by Hulu through a variety of Access Points (defined below) are referred to collectively as the "Services." The term "Access Points" refers to, collectively, the hulu.com website (the "Hulu Site"), applications, and other places where any Services are available, including websites and applications of Hulu's third party distribution partners and other websites where users or website operators are permitted to embed or have otherwise licensed the Video Player.
Use of the Services (including access to the Content) is subject to compliance with these Terms which incorporate by reference our Privacy Policy available at hulu.com/privacy ("Privacy Policy") and any end user license agreement that might accompany the applicable Service.
Therefore, by accessing or using any of the Services through any Access Point (including by visiting the Hulu Site or by downloading or launching the Hulu application), you accept and agree to these Terms.
Please note that the website addresses (i.e., URLs) included within these Terms may not function as hyperlinks on all the Access Points.
To view these Terms with clickable hyperlinks, please visit the Hulu Site on your computer.2.
CHANGES TO THESE TERMSWe may need to make changes to these Terms from time to time for many reasons.
For example, we may need to reflect updates in how the Services work or changes in the law.
You should look at these Terms regularly, which are posted on the Hulu Site at hulu.com/terms.
In addition, you can access these Terms from Hulu applications.
If we make a material change to these Terms, we will notify you by posting a notice on the Hulu Site.
If you are a registered user, we will also send an email to the email address you most recently provided to us prior to the material change taking effect.
Therefore, it is important that you keep your account information, including email address, updated.
Any material change to these Terms will be effective automatically 30 days after the revised Terms are first posted or, for users who register or otherwise provide opt-in consent during this 30-day period, at the time of registration or consent, as applicable.3.
ACCESS AND USE OF THE SERVICES
3.1 Age Limitations. The Services are not intended to be used by children without involvement and approval of a parent or guardian.
If you are under the age of 13, you are not permitted to register with Hulu or provide your personal information to Hulu.
If you are at least 13 and under 18 years of age (or under the applicable age of majority in your state or territory of residence), you may register with Hulu only if you have the consent of your parent or guardian, including consent to these Terms on your behalf, and for clarity, may only modify an account, or associated profiles, with the consent of your parent or guardian.

3.2 Your License.
Hulu is pleased to grant you a non-exclusive limited license to use the Services, including accessing and viewing the Content on a streaming-only basis through the Video Player, for personal, non-commercial purposes as set forth in these Terms.
The periods during which you can view each piece of Content will vary based on the rights availability of such Content and the terms of your subscription.

3.3 Profiles. Hulu offers the option to personalize use of the Services through the creation of one or more profiles under one account.
Only the account holder, and those with permission from the account holder, may create a profile.3.4 The Content.
a.
Usage Rules and Limitations. You may only access and view the Content personally and for a non-commercial purpose in compliance with these Terms.
You may not either directly or through the use of any device, software, internet site, web-based service, or other means remove, alter, bypass, avoid, interfere with, or circumvent any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices marked on the Content or any digital rights management mechanism, device, or other content protection or access control measure associated with the Content including geo-filtering mechanisms.
You may not either directly or through the use of any device, software, internet site, web-based service, or other means copy, record, download, stream capture, reproduce, duplicate, archive, distribute, upload, publish, modify, translate, broadcast, perform, display, sell, or transmit or retransmit the Content unless expressly permitted by the terms of your subscription or otherwise by Hulu in writing.
You may not incorporate the Content into, or stream or retransmit the Content via, any hardware or software application or make it available via frames or in-line links unless expressly permitted by Hulu in writing.
Furthermore, you may not create, recreate, distribute or advertise an index of any significant portion of the Content unless authorized by Hulu.
You may not build a business utilizing the Content, whether or not for profit.
The Content covered by these restrictions includes without limitation any text, graphics, layout, interface, logos, photographs, audio and video materials, and stills.
In addition, you are strictly prohibited from creating derivative works or materials that otherwise are derived from or based on in any way the Content, including montages, mash-ups and similar videos, wallpaper, desktop themes, greeting cards, and merchandise, unless expressly permitted by Hulu in writing.
This prohibition applies even if you intend to give away the derivative materials free of charge.

b.
Content Subjectivity. Content tends to elicit varying reactions among different people.
You may come across Content that you find offensive, indecent, explicit or objectionable.
Also, Content types, genres, categories, and descriptions are provided as suggestions to help with navigation, and Hulu does not guarantee that you will agree with them.
You acknowledge these risks.

c.
Content Quality. Hulu uses various technologies to provide you with an optimal viewing experience.
That said, quality of Content, including resolution, may be affected by the format of the Content, your location, the speed and bandwidth of your internet service, and the devices used, among other factors.
HD and 4K Ultra HD availability for certain Content depends on your internet service and device capabilities.
The time it takes you to begin playing Content will vary based on a number of factors, including your location, internet bandwidth, the number of devices simultaneously connecting to the same network, the Content you have selected, and the configuration of the device you are using.
As a result, Hulu is unable to make any warranties about the Content in these respects.

d.
Content Presentation. We want you to have the best experience with our Services, including the ability to easily discover new Content.
To help do that, Content you view across all Services may include promotional videos (e.g., previews or trailers) before and after that Content.

e.
Temporary Downloads. We know that you may not always have an internet connection when you want to watch your favorite Content.
Hulu may give you the option to temporarily download certain Content on certain Compatible Devices so that you can watch it while you are offline ("Temporary Downloads").
Of course, there are some limitations, including: (i) the maximum number of devices that can store Temporary Downloads.
(ii) the maximum number of Temporary Downloads that can be stored across Compatible Devices at any given time.
(iii) how long Temporary Downloads will remain available to you.
and (iv) geographic and device restrictions on playback.3.5 Live TV Service.Hulu offers multiple Services that provide access to different types of Content.
For example, you may subscribe to a Service that provides live TV and other related Content, including on-demand Content (“Live TV Service”).
If your subscription includes the Live TV Service, please be aware of following:


Home.
When you set your home location as part of registration for and access to the Live TV Service, make sure to designate a residential, non-mobile internet network ("Home").
Your Home will be used to determine which streams are considered "in-home" or "out-of-home," where relevant to the requirements of your Service.
In addition, for uninterrupted Live TV service, you should access Hulu on your mobile device from your Home location every 30 days, or such other period described in our Help Center at hulu.com/help.

Regional Sports Networks and Local Affiliates.
Your access to regional sports networks, if any, will be determined by your Home, even if you access the Services from outside your Home.
Your access to live Content from local affiliates, if any, will depend on the location of your device at the time you access the Services.
For this reason, among others, you will need to share your mobile device’s precise location data with us in order for us to provide you with the Services on your mobile device.

Commercials.
If you subscribe to multiple Services, the terms of one Service will not impact those of another Service.
For example, if you subscribe to both the Live TV Service and another Service featuring Content on-demand without commercials, you will still see commercials while streaming Content from the Live TV Service.

Live Content Restrictions.
Certain live Content, including sporting events, may be unavailable due to your location, blackouts, or device-specific restrictions set by sports leagues and other parties that control Content rights.

Cloud DVR.
Hulu may provide the ability to record live TV Content to your cloud DVR.
Storage limits for recordings may vary and are applied per account, inclusive of all profiles created under an account.
If you want to record live TV Content that will exceed available storage space, we will make room for the newer recordings by automatically deleting older recordings.
If your subscription to any Service is cancelled or suspended, you may lose access to previously-made recordings, even if your subscription resumes or is reinstated.
Unfortunately, Hulu is unable to guarantee error-free recording, storage, or playback.
Other than your usage of the cloud DVR made available to you by Hulu, you may not record, copy, store, or redistribute any Content.
You may only use your cloud DVR to the extent permissible under copyright and other applicable laws.
Please visit our Help Center at hulu.com/help to learn more about recording live TV Content.




3.6 The Video Player. You may not modify, enhance, remove, interfere with, or otherwise alter in any way any portion of the Video Player, its underlying technology, any digital rights management mechanism, device, or other content protection or access control measure incorporated into the Video Player.
This restriction includes, without limitation, disabling, reverse engineering, modifying, interfering with or otherwise circumventing the Video Player in any manner that enables users to view the Content without: (i) displaying visibly both the Video Player and all surrounding elements (including the graphical user interface, any advertising, copyright notices, and trademarks) of the Access Point where the Video Player is located.
and (ii) having full access to all functionality of the Video Player, including, without limitation, all video quality and display functionality and all interactive, elective, or click-through advertising functionality.

3.7 Embedding a Video Using the Video Player. Where Hulu has incorporated an embed option in connection with Content on the Services, you may embed videos using the Video Player, provided you do not embed the Video Player on any website or other location that (i) contains or hosts content that is unlawful, infringing, pornographic, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, harassing, vulgar, indecent, profane, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, encourages criminal conduct, gives rise to civil liability, violates any law, rule, or regulation, infringes any right of any third party including intellectual property rights, or is otherwise inappropriate or objectionable to Hulu (in Hulu's sole discretion), or (ii) links to infringing or unauthorized content (collectively, "Unsuitable Material").
You may not embed the Video Player into any hardware or software application, even for non-commercial purposes.
Hulu reserves the right to prevent embedding to any website or other location that Hulu finds inappropriate or objectionable (as determined by Hulu in its sole discretion).

3.8 Compatible Devices. In order to access the Services, you will need to use a computer, mobile device, streaming media player, or other device that meets the system and compatibility requirements that we establish from time to time (each, a “Compatible Device”).
Please note that Compatible Devices may vary by Service.
For example, certain devices may not be capable of streaming Content from the Live TV Service but may be capable of streaming other Content.
Features and functionalities that we make available through the Services may also differ by Compatible Device and the terms of your subscription.
Please visit our Help Center at hulu.com/help for a current list of Compatible Devices.

3.9 Simultaneous Streams. The number of simultaneous streams of Content that you can access varies by Service and may require device and account verification.
Please visit our&nbsp;Help Center at hulu.com/help&nbsp;for the most up to date information on the number of simultaneous streams of Content that are allowed based on the terms of your Service.
Where relevant to your Service, “in-home” streams are those that you stream through your Home internet service, and “out-of-home” streams are those that you stream through a connection to a cellular or Wi-Fi network outside of your Home.

3.10 Internet Service and Data Usage. In order to access the Services, you must have a high-speed broadband, wireless or similar internet connection from an internet service provider that meets certain technical specifications.
Please note that multiple simultaneous streams, as well as HD and 4K Ultra HD Content, may require higher internet bandwidth.
You are responsible for any costs associated with your internet service used to access the Services.
Your use of the Services may count toward your data usage, depending on the terms of your agreement with your internet service provider.

3.11 Ownership. You agree that Hulu owns and retains all rights to the Services.
You further agree that the Content you access and view as part of the Services is owned or controlled by Hulu and Hulu's content programmers.
The Services and the Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws.

3.12 Your Responsibilities. In order for us to keep the Services safe and available for everyone to use, we all have to follow the same rules of the road.
You and other users must use the Services for lawful, non-commercial, and appropriate purposes only.
Your commitment to this principle is critical.
You agree to observe the Services, Content, Video Player and embedding restrictions detailed above, and further agree that you will not use the Services in a way that:

violates the rights of others, including patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, privacy, publicity, or other proprietary rights;
uses technology or other means to access, index, frame or link to the Services (including the Content) that is not authorized by Hulu (including by removing, disabling, bypassing, or circumventing any content protection or access control mechanisms intended to prevent the unauthorized download, stream capture, linking, framing, reproduction, access to, or distribution of the Services);
involves accessing the Services (including the Content) through any automated means, including "robots," "spiders," or "offline readers" (other than by individually performed searches on publicly accessible search engines for the sole purpose of, and solely to the extent necessary for, creating publicly available search indices - but not caches or archives - of the Services and excluding those search engines or indices that host, promote, or link primarily to infringing or unauthorized content);
introduces viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs that interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
damages, disables, overburdens, impairs, or gains unauthorized access to the Services, including Hulu's servers, computer network, or user accounts;
removes, modifies, disables, blocks, obscures or otherwise impairs any advertising in connection with the Services (including the Content);
uses the Services to advertise or promote services that are not expressly approved in advance in writing by Hulu;
collects information in violation of Hulu's Privacy Policy;
encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability;
violates these Terms or any guidelines or policies posted by Hulu;
interferes with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Services.
or
attempts to do any of the foregoing.



If Hulu determines in its sole discretion that you are violating any of these Terms, we may (i) notify you, and (ii) use technical measures to block or restrict your access or use of the Services.
In either case, you agree to immediately stop accessing or using in any way (or attempting to access or use) the Services, and you agree not to circumvent, avoid, or bypass such restrictions, or otherwise restore or attempt to restore such access or use.

3.13 No Spam/Unsolicited Communications. We know how annoying and upsetting it can be to receive unwanted email or instant messages from people you do not know.
Therefore, you may not use the Services to harvest information about users for the purpose of sending, or to facilitate or encourage the sending of, unsolicited bulk or other communications.
You understand that we may employ technical measures to prevent spam or unsolicited bulk or other communications from entering, utilizing, or remaining within our computer or communications networks.
If you Post (as defined below in Section 7) or otherwise send spam, advertising, or other unsolicited communications of any kind through the Services, you acknowledge that you will have caused substantial harm to Hulu and that the amount of such harm would be extremely difficult to measure.

3.14 Software Downloads. In order to participate in certain Services or access certain Content, you may be notified that it is necessary to download software or other materials or agree to additional terms and conditions.
Unless otherwise provided by these additional terms and conditions, they are hereby incorporated into these Terms.

3.15 Modification/Suspension/Discontinuation. We regularly make changes to the Services.
The availability of the Content, as well as Access Points and Compatible Devices through which the Services are available, will change from time to time.
Hulu reserves the right to replace or remove any Content and Access Points available to you through the Services, including specific titles and networks/channels, and to otherwise make changes in how we operate the Services.
Additionally, you agree that for various reasons, such as restrictions from content programmers and other limitations or considerations from third parties, certain Content and functionality that may be available through one Access Point or Compatible Device may not be available through another Access Point or Compatible Device.
We hope not to, but we may change, suspend, or discontinue - temporarily or permanently - some or all of the Services (including the Content and the Compatible Devices through which the Services are accessed), with respect to any or all users, at any time without notice.
In our continued assessment of the Services, we may from time to time, with respect to any or all of our users, experiment with or otherwise offer certain features or other elements of the Services, including promotional features, user interfaces, plans, pricing, and advertisements.
You acknowledge that Hulu may do so in Hulu's sole discretion at any time without notice.
You also agree that Hulu will not be liable to you for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Services, although if you are a Hulu subscriber and Hulu suspends or discontinues your subscription to the Services, Hulu may, in its sole discretion, provide you with a credit, refund, discount or other form of consideration (for example, we may credit additional days of service to your account) in accordance with Section 4 below.
However, if Hulu terminates your account or suspends or discontinues your access to Services due to your violation of these Terms, then you will not be eligible for any such credit, refund, discount or other consideration.

3.16 Customer Service. If we can be of help to you, please do not hesitate to contact our customer service department by visiting our Help Center at hulu.com/help.
It would be our pleasure to serve you.
We aim to deliver first-class customer service, but in the unlikely event that a customer service representative or material posted to our Help Center provides information that is inconsistent with these Terms, please be aware that these Terms will control.4.
Subscriptions and Billing
4.1 Subscriptions. While we may offer Content from time to time for free, we charge a fee to access the Services.
The Services may include different Content offerings and features, with different benefits, conditions, and limitations.
You can find the specific details regarding your subscription at any time by logging in on the Hulu Site and viewing your account details.
Because the Services are offered in multiple time zones, for consistency, a "day" for purposes of these Terms begins at 12:00 a.m.
Eastern Time and ends at 11:59 p.m.
Eastern Time of that same calendar day.

4.2 Billing. By providing a credit card or other payment method accepted by Hulu ("Payment Method") for your subscription, you are expressly agreeing that we are authorized to charge you a periodic subscription fee on a recurring basis corresponding to the term of your subscription, any other fees for additional Services you may purchase, and any applicable taxes in connection with your use of your subscription to the Payment Method.
If you want to use a different Payment Method than the one you signed up to use during registration, or if there is a change in your credit card validity or expiration date, you may edit your Payment Method information by logging in on the Hulu Site and viewing your account details.
When you provide a Payment Method to access a subscription, including in connection with a free trial offer, our system will attempt to verify the information you entered.
We do this by processing an authorization hold, which is a standard practice.
We do not charge you in connection with this authorization hold.
If your Payment Method expires and you do not edit your Payment Method information or cancel your account, you authorize us to continue billing, and you will remain responsible for any uncollected amounts.
As used in these Terms, "billing" shall indicate either a charge or debit, as applicable, against your Payment Method.
The subscription fee will be billed at the beginning of your subscription or expiration of your free trial period, if any, whichever is earlier, and on each periodic renewal date thereafter unless and until you cancel your subscription or the account or Service is otherwise suspended or discontinued pursuant to these Terms.
To see the commencement date for your next renewal period, log in on the Hulu Site and view your account details.
We automatically bill your Payment Method on the calendar day corresponding to commencement of your subscription.
For subscribers whose subscription starts with a free trial, billing will commence upon the expiration of the free trial.
Where applicable, charges may be prorated for any partial month of service.
The interval of time between each recurring payment due date shall correspond to the term of your subscription and be referred to herein as a "Billing Period." In the event your subscription began on a day not contained in a given month, we bill your Payment Method on the last day of such month.
For example, if you have a monthly subscription and became a paying subscriber on January 31, your Payment Method would next be billed on February 28.
You acknowledge that the timing of when you are billed and the amount billed each Billing Period may vary, including for example due to free trials and other promotional offers, gift card redemptions, credits applied, changes in your subscription, changes in your Payment Method, and changes in applicable taxes, and you authorize us to charge your Payment Method for the corresponding amounts.
If we offer you a promotion (e.g., a promotional price) for your subscription, the specific terms of the promotion will be disclosed during your sign-up or in other materials provided to you describing the particular promotion.
In the case of promotional pricing, we will begin billing your Payment Method for your subscription at the regular price after your promotion ends unless you cancel prior to the end of your promotion or unless otherwise disclosed in communications made available to you.
Hulu reserves the right to change the terms of your subscription, including price, from time to time, effective as of the beginning of your next Billing Period following the date of the change.
If Hulu changes the subscription fee or other charges for your subscription, we will give you advance notice of these changes.
However, we will not be able to notify you of changes in any applicable taxes.
Very rarely, if there are special circumstances where Hulu determines it is appropriate (e.g., your access to the Services is unavailable for days due to technical difficulties), we may provide credits to affected subscribers.
The amount and form of such credits, and the decision to provide them, are at Hulu's sole and absolute discretion, and the provision of credits in one instance does not entitle anyone to credits in the future under similar or different circumstances.

4.3 Hulu Gift Cards. Hulu may make available gift cards redeemable for an eligible Service and you may purchase such gift cards by using a Payment Method previously provided to us or a different Payment Method.
Hulu gift cards may not be used in conjunction with or in addition to any special offer unless the terms of the special offer expressly indicate otherwise.
The purchase and redemption of Hulu gift cards are subject to the Hulu Gift Card Terms and Conditions, which you can review at http://hulu.com/start/gifting_terms.

4.4 Ongoing Subscription and Cancellation. Your subscription will continue in effect on a recurring basis corresponding to the term of your subscription unless and until you cancel your subscription or the account or Service is otherwise suspended or discontinued pursuant to these Terms.
You must cancel your subscription before your next renewal date in order to avoid the next billing.
We will bill the periodic subscription fee plus any applicable taxes to the Payment Method you provide to us during registration (or to a different Payment Method if you change your account information).
In the event that you modify your subscription to switch from one Service to another Service during your Billing Period, you may not have continued access to your original Service.
If you cancel your subscription, cancellation will be effective at the end of the current Billing Period - this means that you will have continued access to your subscription for the remainder of that period, but you will not receive a refund.
You will also forfeit any service, referral, or redeemed gift card credits upon cancellation, including if you switch your billing from Hulu to a third party.
You can cancel your subscription by logging into your Hulu account and following the instructions on your account page on the Hulu Site or in the settings of our mobile application.
If you pay for the Services through your account with a third party (e.g., Apple iTunes) and want to cancel your subscription or manage your billing, you may need to do so through your account with such third party.

4.5 Unpaid Amounts. It is important that each subscriber honor the payment obligations to which the subscriber agreed.
Accordingly, we reserve the right to retry billing your Payment Method after failed attempts (e.g., if your Payment Method is rejected).
We also reserve the right to pursue any amounts you fail to pay in connection with your subscription.
You will remain liable for all such amounts and all costs incurred in connection with the collection of these amounts, including, without limitation, bank overdraft fees, collection agency fees, reasonable attorneys' fees, and arbitration or court costs.

4.6 Free Trials. On occasion, we may be authorized to offer free trials to a particular Service for certain qualifying users.
If we offer you a free trial, the specific terms of your free trial will be stated in the material describing the particular free trial or during your sign-up.
Certain limitations may exist with respect to combining free trials with any other offers.
Hulu reserves the right to determine eligibility for free trials.
To view the specific details regarding your free trial, if any, log in on the Hulu Site and view your account details.
Once your free trial period ends, we will begin billing your Payment Method for your periodic subscription fees (plus any applicable taxes), unless you cancel prior to the end of your free trial.
For that reason, unless otherwise indicated in the free trial description, you may be asked to set up a valid Payment Method when redeeming a free trial offer.
For existing subscribers who accept a free trial to a Service, at the end of the free trial, you may be charged a prorated amount for the Service to cover the period between the date the free trial ends and your next Billing Period begins.
It is very important to understand that you will not receive a notice from Hulu that your free trial has ended and that payment for your subscription is due.
If you wish to avoid charges to your Payment Method, you must cancel your subscription prior to midnight Eastern Time on the last day of your free trial period.
You may cancel your subscription at any time as described in the "Ongoing Subscription and Cancellation" section of these Terms.
We will continue to bill your Payment Method for your subscription on a recurring basis corresponding to the term of your subscription until you cancel or the account or applicable Service is otherwise suspended or discontinued pursuant to these Terms.
To the extent subscriptions are offered in conjunction with purchases of, or payment for, third party products or services, you agree that Hulu will not be liable to you for any claims arising out of or related to your purchase or use of such third party products or services.
If you cancel your subscription during a free trial or while using a promotional code or other credits, cancellation may be effective immediately.5.
ACCOUNTS AND REGISTRATIONYou are responsible for all use of your account, including use of your account by other members of your household.
By allowing others to access your account or to create profiles within your account, you agree to be responsible for ensuring that they comply with these Terms and you agree to be responsible for their activity using the Services.
All registration information you submit must be accurate and updated.
Please keep your password confidential.
You will not have to reveal it to any Hulu representative.
Because you are responsible for all use of your account, including unauthorized use by any third party, please be very careful to guard the security of your password.
Please notify us by email using the customer support form from our Help Center at hulu.com/help if you suspect any unauthorized use of your account.
Please also make sure to notify us if your registration information changes, in case we need to contact you.
You may find information on how to delete your Hulu account by logging in on the Hulu Site and viewing your account details.
Please identify your account and provide a valid reply email address in the event we require additional information to terminate your account.
Please note, if you are a subscriber you must first cancel your subscription before you will be able to delete your account.
Please see the section "Ongoing Subscription and Cancellation" above for instructions on how to cancel your subscription.
We reserve the right to immediately terminate or restrict your account or your use of the Services or access to Content at any time, without notice or liability, if Hulu determines in its sole discretion that you have breached these Terms, violated any law, rule, or regulation, engaged in other inappropriate conduct, or for any other business reason.
We also reserve the right to terminate your account or your use of the Services or access to Content if such use places an undue burden on our networks or servers.
Of course, we would prefer to avoid such termination.
therefore, we may use technology to limit activities, such as the number of calls to the Hulu servers being made or the volume of User Material (as defined below in Section 7) being Posted, and you agree to respect these limitations and not take any steps to circumvent, avoid, or bypass them.6.
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONFor information about Hulu's policies and practices regarding the collection and use of your information, please read Hulu's Privacy Policy available at hulu.com/privacy.
The Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference and made part of these Terms.
Thus, by agreeing to these Terms, you agree that your presence on the Hulu Site and use of the Services through any other Access Point or Compatible Device are governed by the Hulu Privacy Policy in effect at the time of your use.7.
USER REVIEWS, COMMENTS, AND OTHER MATERIAL
7.1 Your Posts. As part of the Services, users may have an opportunity to publish, transmit, submit, or otherwise post (collectively, "Post") reviews, comments, or other materials (collectively, "User Material").
In order to keep the Services enjoyable for all of our users, you must adhere to the rules below, as well as additional rules applicable to any Hulu-hosted site.
Please choose carefully the User Material that you Post.
Please limit yourself to User Material directly relevant to the Services.
Moreover, you must not Post User Material that: (i) contains Unsuitable Material (as defined above in Section 3).
or (ii) improperly claims the identity of another person.
Please note that if you Post User Material on Hulu using a third party service, such as a social network or email provider, your first and last name or other user ID may appear to the public each time you Post.
We advise that you do not, and you should also be careful if you decide to, Post additional personal information, such as your email address, telephone number, or street address.
You must be, or have first obtained permission from, the rightful owner of any User Material you Post.
By submitting User Material, you represent and warrant that you own the User Material or otherwise have the right to grant Hulu the license provided below.
You also represent and warrant that the Posting of your User Material does not violate any right of any party, including privacy rights, publicity rights, and intellectual property rights.
In addition, you agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and other payments owed to any party by reason of your Posting User Material.
Hulu will remove all User Material if we are properly notified that such User Material infringes on another person's rights.
You acknowledge that Hulu does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any User Material.
By Posting User Material, you are not forfeiting any ownership rights in such material to Hulu.
After Posting your User Material, you continue to retain all of the same ownership rights you had prior to Posting.
By Posting your User Material, you grant Hulu a limited license to use, display, reproduce, distribute, modify, delete from, add to, prepare derivative works of, publicly perform, and publish such User Material through the Services and on other platforms and services worldwide, including on or through any Access Point, in perpetuity, in any media formats and any media channels now known or hereinafter created.
The license you grant to Hulu is non-exclusive (meaning you are not prohibited by us from licensing your User Material to anyone else in addition to Hulu), fully-paid, royalty-free (meaning that Hulu is not required to pay you for the use of your User Material), and sublicensable (so that Hulu is able to use its affiliates, subcontractors, and other partners, such as internet content delivery networks, to provide the Services).
By Posting your User Material, you also hereby grant each user of the Services a non-exclusive, limited license to access your User Material, and to use, display, reproduce, distribute, and perform such User Material as permitted through the functionality of the Services and under these Terms.

7.2 Third Party Posts. Despite these restrictions, please be aware that some material provided by users may be objectionable, unlawful, inaccurate, or inappropriate.
Hulu does not endorse any User Material, and User Material that is Posted does not reflect the opinions or policies of Hulu.
We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor User Material and to restrict or remove User Material that we determine, in our sole discretion, is inappropriate or for any other business reason, as permitted by law.
In no event does Hulu assume any responsibility or liability whatsoever for any User Material, and you agree to waive any legal or equitable rights or remedies you may have against Hulu with respect to such User Material.
You can help us tremendously by notifying us of any inappropriate User Material you find by emailing feedback@hulu.com (subject line: "Inappropriate User Material").8.
LINKED DESTINATIONS AND ADVERTISING
8.1 Third Party Destinations. If we provide links or pointers to other websites or destinations, you should not infer or assume that Hulu operates, controls, or is otherwise connected with these other websites or destinations.
When you click on a link within the Services, we will not warn you that you have left the Services and are subject to the terms and conditions (including privacy policies) of another website or destination.
In some cases, it may be less obvious than others that you have left the Services and reached another website or destination.
Please be careful to read the terms of use and privacy policy of any other website or destination before you provide any information or engage in any transactions.
These Terms do not govern your use of another website or destination.
Hulu is not responsible for the content or practices of any website or destination other than the Hulu Site, even if it links to the Hulu Site and even if the website or destination is operated by a company affiliated or otherwise connected with Hulu.
By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that Hulu is not responsible or liable to you for any content or other materials hosted and served from any website or destination other than the Hulu Site.

8.2 Third Party Advertisements and Services. Hulu takes no responsibility for and does not endorse any third party advertisements or any third party material Posted on any Access Point where the Services are available, nor do we take any responsibility for the products or services provided by advertisers.
Any dealings you have with advertisers while using the Services, including through engaging with interactive advertisements, are between you and the advertiser, and you agree that Hulu is not liable for any loss or claim that you may have against an advertiser.
If you provide any confidential or personal information or engage in any transaction through an advertisement, Hulu is not responsible for such information or transaction and we encourage you to read the terms of use and privacy policy of the advertiser or other party collecting such information or engaging in such transaction.9.
TRADEMARKSHulu, the Hulu logo, and other Hulu marks, graphics, logos, scripts, and sounds are trademarks of Hulu.
None of the Hulu trademarks may be copied, downloaded, or otherwise exploited.10.
UNSOLICITED SUBMISSIONSIt is Hulu's policy not to accept unsolicited submissions, including scripts, story lines, articles, fan fiction, characters, drawings, information, suggestions, ideas, or concepts.
Hulu's policy is to delete any such submission without reading it.
Therefore, any similarity between an unsolicited submission and any elements in any Hulu creative work, including a film, series, story, title, or concept, would be purely coincidental.11.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNITYWHILE WE DO OUR BEST TO PROVIDE THE OPTIMAL PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE THAT USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THE HULU SITE, THE CONTENT, THE VIDEO PLAYER, THE FEATURES, USER MATERIAL, AND ANY OTHER MATERIALS CONTAINED ON OR PROVIDED THROUGH ANY ACCESS POINT OR COMPATIBLE DEVICE, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ARE PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, HULU DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, COMPLETENESS, AVAILABILITY, SECURITY, COMPATIBILITY OR NONINFRINGEMENT.
OR THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, FREE OF VIRUSES AND OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, ACCURATE, ERROR FREE, OR RELIABLE.
IN NO EVENT SHALL HULU OR ITS AFFILIATES, SUCCESSORS, AND ASSIGNS, AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE INVESTORS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND SUPPLIERS (INCLUDING DISTRIBUTORS AND CONTENT PROGRAMMERS) (COLLECTIVELY, THE "HULU PARTIES"), BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OF THE SERVICES (INCLUDING ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES ADVERTISED IN, OBTAINED ON, OR PROVIDED THROUGH ANY ACCESS POINT OR COMPATIBLE DEVICE), WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER THEORY, EVEN IF THE HULU PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES.
IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL AFFECT ANY NON-WAIVABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS THAT APPLY TO YOU.
IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO US, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING OR PARTICIPATING IN ANY ACTIVITY RELATED TO USE OF THE SERVICES OR $50 (WHICHEVER IS LESS).
YOU AGREE TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY, AND HOLD HARMLESS THE HULU PARTIES FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, DAMAGES, EXPENSES (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES AND COSTS), AND OTHER LOSSES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO YOUR BREACH OR ALLEGED BREACH OF THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES (INCLUDING YOUR USE OF THE CONTENT).
HULU RESERVES THE RIGHT, AT OUR OWN EXPENSE, TO EMPLOY SEPARATE COUNSEL AND ASSUME THE EXCLUSIVE DEFENSE AND CONTROL OF ANY MATTER OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO INDEMNIFICATION BY YOU.12.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTIf you believe that any Content, User Material, or other material provided through the Services, including through a link, infringes your copyright, you should notify Hulu of your infringement claim in accordance with the procedure set forth below.
We will process each notice of alleged infringement that Hulu receives and take appropriate action in accordance with applicable intellectual property laws.
A notification of claimed copyright infringement should be emailed to Hulu's copyright agent at dmca@hulu.com (subject line: "DMCA Takedown Request").
You may also contact us by mail or facsimile at:
Attention: Copyright AgentHulu, LLC 2500 Broadway, 2nd FloorSanta Monica, CA 90404Facsimile: (310) 496-0582

To be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information: (i) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright interest.
(ii) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed.
(iii) a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Services that is reasonably sufficient to enable Hulu to identify and locate the material.
(iv) how Hulu can contact you, such as your address, telephone number, and email address.
(v) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and (vi) a statement by you that the above information in your notice is accurate and under penalty of perjury that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner or the owner of an exclusive right in the material.
Emails sent to dmca@hulu.com for purposes other than communication about copyright infringement may not be answered.
Hulu has a policy of terminating repeat infringers in appropriate circumstances.13.
ARBITRATION OF CLAIMSPLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY.
WE WANT YOU TO KNOW HOW IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS.
If you have an issue with the Services, we encourage you to review our frequently asked questions or contact our customer service team through our Help Center at hulu.com/help.
In the event there is an issue that still requires attention, we want to make the resolution process as quick and efficient as possible.
We also want to specify now what each of us should expect in order to avoid any confusion later.
To that end, you and Hulu agree to first discuss any issue informally for at least 30 days.
To do that, please send your full name and contact information, your concern and your proposed solution by mail to us at: Hulu, LLC, 2500 Broadway, 2nd Floor, Santa Monica, CA 90404- Attn: Legal Department.
If we would like to discuss an issue with you, we will contact you using the email address you provided when you registered for Hulu.
If we do not reach an agreed upon solution after our discussions for at least 30 days, you and Hulu agree that any and all claims that either of us may have arising out of or relating to: (i) these Terms (including formation, performance, or breach of them, and including the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision).
(ii) the Privacy Policy, which is incorporated in these Terms.
(iii) any aspect of our relationship with each other.
and (iv) use of the Services, must be resolved through binding arbitration before the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) using its Consumer Arbitration Rules, available at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879.
As an exception to this arbitration agreement, Hulu is happy to give you the right to pursue in small claims court any claim that is within that court's jurisdiction as long as you proceed only on an individual basis.

You and Hulu agree to arbitrate in each of our individual capacities only, not as a representative or member of a class, and each of us expressly waives any right to file a class action or seek relief on a class basis.

Rather than force everyone to visit us in California, if you can demonstrate that arbitration in California would create an undue burden to you, you are free to initiate the arbitration in your home state.
Otherwise, the arbitration hearings will be held in Los Angeles County, California.
You may download or copy a form Notice and a form to initiate arbitration at www.adr.org.
If you initiate the arbitration, Hulu will reimburse you for your filing fee, unless your claim is for greater than $10,000, in which event you are responsible for paying the filing fee.
Regardless of who initiates the arbitration, Hulu will pay any other arbitration fees, including your share of arbitrator compensation.
It is important that you understand that the arbitrator's decision will be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
If the arbitrator rules against Hulu, in addition to accepting whatever responsibility is ordered by the arbitrator, we think it's fair that Hulu reimburse your reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, regardless of who initiated the arbitration.
In addition, if the arbitrator rules in Hulu's favor, Hulu will not seek reimbursement of our attorney's fees and costs, regardless of who initiated the arbitration.
For clarity, this arbitration provision will survive cancellation of your Hulu account.
If you're not sure what all of this means, of course please feel free to ask an attorney.
Specifying what happens if an issue arises with one of our users is never a fun topic.
But we pride ourselves on transparency and we thank you in advance for understanding why it's important that you and Hulu agree on the process described in this Section.14.
LIMITATION ON TIME TO BRING A CLAIMTo help resolve any issues between us promptly, you and Hulu agree to bring any claim arising out of or relating to these Terms (including Hulu’s Privacy Policy), our relationship, or the use of the Services within one year after a claim arises.
otherwise, the claim is waived.
This limitation applies regardless of the venue in which such claim is or could otherwise be asserted.15.
GENERAL INFORMATION
15.1 International Use. We are a company based in the United States and offer our Services to users in the United States.
Hulu's goal is to bring you as much Content as is legally available.
That said, we are limited by the rights that our content programmers grant to us.
Access to the Services from locations where Hulu does not have rights, that are not permitted by the terms of your subscription, or where Hulu does not make the Services available is prohibited.

15.2 Export Controls. Software and the transmission of applicable technical data, if any, in connection with the Services are subject to export controls.
You agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding software and the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.

15.3 Choice of Law and Forum. These Terms are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.
To the extent that the arbitration provision outlined in Section 13 is not applicable (e.g., when confirming an arbitration award), you and Hulu agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in the Los Angeles County of the State of California.

15.4 No Waiver/Reliance. If you see other parties violating these Terms, we would appreciate it if you would let us know at feedback@hulu.com (subject line: "TOU Violation").
Precisely how Hulu responds to a party that is violating these Terms will be determined after carefully analyzing all of the facts and circumstances of a particular case.
You may not rely upon Hulu's precise response with respect to one party or one situation as any indication of what Hulu might do with respect to another party or another situation, even if the parties or situations appear to you to be similar.
Similarly, if we fail to act in response to a violation of these Terms, you should not assume that we do not object to the violation or even that we are aware of it.
In addition, you may not construe a waiver of any provision of these Terms with respect to any party as a waiver of that provision (or any other provision) with respect to either that party or any other party.
Further, Hulu's decision to delay exercising or enforcing any right or remedy under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or remedy.
Even if Hulu acts in a way that appears to you to be inconsistent with these Terms, Hulu's action shall not be deemed a waiver or constructive amendment of these Terms.

15.5 Integration, Amendment, Severability, and Electronic Communications. Please note that these Terms, including Hulu's Privacy Policy which is incorporated in these Terms and any end user license agreement that might accompany the applicable Service, constitute the entire legal agreement between you and Hulu and govern your use of the Services (including your use of the Content) (but excludes any services, if any, that Hulu may provide to you under a separate signed written agreement), and completely replaces any prior agreements between you and Hulu in relation to the Services.
These Terms operate to the fullest extent permissible by law.
If any provision of these Terms is held to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, you and we agree that the provision will be deemed severable from these Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
From time to time, we may communicate with you about the Services and these Terms electronically (e.g., emails to your registered email address, notices on the Hulu Site and other Access Points).
You consent to receive electronic communications from Hulu and further agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, and other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any applicable legal notification requirements.
We recommend that you keep a copy of any electronic communications we send to you for your records.
Thank you for taking the time to read these Terms.
By understanding and agreeing to follow these Terms, the experience will be better for all users.
It is our goal to provide you with a first class user experience, so if you have any questions or comments about these Terms, please contact us at: legal@hulu.com.
Enjoy the Services!

Subscribe Now
Live TV
Advertising
Jobs
Press
Help
About Us
Site Map
Blog


Account Log In
Help
About Ads
Legal
© 2019 Hulu


About Ads
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© 2019 Hulu
 huluStart Your Free TrialLog InPrivacy PolicyEffective Date: May 3, 2017



Introduction
Information We Collect
Use of Information We Collect
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Sharing What You Watch
Advertising
Your Choices, Including Opt-Out Options
Security and Account Access
Children
Third-Party Access Points, Devices, and Links
Deleting Your Hulu Account
Applicable Law
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Questions/Contacting Us
1.
IntroductionHulu, LLC ("Hulu," "we" or "us") respects your privacy.
This Privacy Policy explains the collection, use, and sharing of information from or about you in connection with your use of the Hulu Services.
The term "Hulu Services" refers to our video service, including the selection of television shows, clips, movies, and other content we offer (collectively, the "Content") and our player for viewing the Content (the "Video Player"), as well as any other products, features, tools, materials, or other services offered from time to time by Hulu through a variety of Access Points.
The term "Access Points" refers to, collectively, the hulu.com website (the "Hulu Site"), applications, and other places through which the Hulu Services may be accessed, including websites and applications of Hulu’s third-party distribution partners and other websites where users or website operators are permitted to embed or have otherwise licensed the Video Player.
By viewing any Content or otherwise using the Hulu Services, whether you are a subscriber, other registered user, or a visitor who has not subscribed to or registered for the Hulu Services, you consent to the collection and use of information from or about you as explained in this Privacy Policy.
If you do not consent to the collection and use of information from or about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy, then you may not use the Hulu Services.

Please note that the website addresses (i.e., URLs) included within this Privacy Policy may not function as hyperlinks on all the Access Points.
To view this Privacy Policy with clickable hyperlinks, please visit the Hulu Site on your computer.back to top2.
Information We CollectHulu may collect the following information from or about you:
Information You Provide To Us.
We collect information you provide to us.
For instance, when you register to use the Hulu Services, we may collect your name, email address, birth date, gender, credit card information, billing address, ZIP code, and other information.
In addition, Hulu may collect information you provide to us when you respond to surveys, set your preferences, contact Hulu through customer service or by other means, or participate in promotions that Hulu may offer from time to time.
Hulu also allows multiple profiles to be set up under one account, so we may collect information you provide to us if you create a profile.
Usage and Log Data.
We collect information when you use the Hulu Services or view Hulu advertising outside of the Hulu Services.
Examples of this information may include your IP address, device, browser and software characteristics (such as type and operating system), location (which may include precise location data), activity on the Hulu Services including information about the videos you view on Hulu (e.g., show titles and episode names), page views, ad data, referral URLs, network state, device identifiers or other unique identifiers such as advertising identifiers (e.g., "ad-ID" or "IDFA") and identifiers associated with browser cookies (see our description of "Cookies and Local Storage" below), and carrier information.
Data Collected Through Cookies and Similar Technologies.
Like many online services, we use various technologies to collect usage data and store preferences.
These technologies are discussed below.



Cookies and Local Storage. One technology we use is called a cookie.
A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard disk.
We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with the Hulu Services or Hulu advertising published outside of the Hulu Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Hulu Services, and to customize Content and advertising.
These uses allow us to improve the Hulu Services.
We may create a unique device or user ID for you and store it in a cookie so we can customize your experience based on your preferences.
We may collect information through other kinds of local storage (also referred to as "Flash cookies") and HTML5 local storage, including in connection with features such as volume/mute settings for the Video Player.
Because these technologies are similar to browser cookies, they are sometimes called "browser cookies," even though they may be stored in different parts of your computer.
Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies.
You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
For information about disabling cookies or deleting information contained in Flash cookies, please click here.
Please note that disabling cookies or deleting information contained in cookies or Flash cookies may interfere with the performance and features of the Hulu Services, including the Video Player.
For example, we may not be able to store your preferences or login information or customize the Content and advertising to your viewing habits.


Web Beacons or Pixels. In addition to cookies, we may use other technologies such as web beacons or pixel tags, which can be embedded in web pages, videos, or emails, to collect certain types of information from your browser or device, check whether you have viewed a particular web page, ad, or email message, and determine, among other things, the time and date on which you viewed the Content, the IP address of your computer, and the URL of the web page from which the Content was viewed.

Mobile Device Identifiers and Software Development Kits ("SDKs"). We may use or work with third parties including our business partners and service providers who use mobile SDKs to collect information, such as advertising identifiers (e.g., "ad-ID" or "IDFA") and information related to how mobile devices interact with the Hulu Services.
An SDK is computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected and related services and functionality to be implemented.
A mobile SDK is in effect the mobile app version of a pixel tag or beacon.
We may use this technology, for instance, to analyze how you interact with Content and advertisements and to enable analytics or other features through mobile devices.

The use of these various technologies in connection with advertising on the Hulu Services is explained further&nbsp;below.
To learn about opting out of interest-based or online behavioral advertising, please see the information we have provided in Section 7 ("Your Choices, Including Opt-Out Options").
Account and Profile Data from Third-Party Services.
If you choose to log-in, access or otherwise connect to the Hulu Services, or contact Hulu, through a third-party service (such as Facebook), we may, for example, collect your user ID and user name associated with that service, as well as any information you make public using that service.
We may also collect information you have authorized the service to share with us (such as your user ID, billing information, public profile information, email address, birthday, friends list, pages you have "liked" and other account and profile data).
Third-Party Data.
We may collect information about you from other sources, such as data aggregators, public databases, and our business partners.
Examples of this may include information (whether identified, de-identified or anonymous, and whether collected online or offline) about your interests, demographic data, purchasing behavior, and your activities online (such as websites visited and advertisements viewed).
We may combine the information we collect from or about you and use it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise permitted by law.back to top3.
Use of Information We CollectUse in General.
We use the information we collect from or about you in order to help deliver a first-class user experience.
Our use of this information may include the following:

providing the Hulu Services;
contacting you, including for promotional purposes;
customizing the Content and advertising you view and evaluating how well the Content and advertising perform;
identifying Content you share;
customizing recommendations;
conducting research;
compiling aggregate data for internal and external business purposes;
preventing potentially illegal or harmful activities, including fraud;
protecting your and our rights;
other uses in accordance with our Terms of Use.
and
any other purpose that is disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or that is related to a request made by you.

Use of Payment Information.
We use payment information, such as credit card numbers and billing ZIP code, to help provide the Hulu Services.
For example, we use payment information to process payments from a subscriber (we use a third-party payment processor to do this), to retrieve account information for a subscriber, to determine whether a subscriber is eligible for promotions, and to detect abuse of the Hulu Services.
Use of Precise Location Data.
In order to access certain Hulu Services from your mobile device, you may be required to share your device’s precise location data (e.g., latitude and longitude) with us.
In addition to providing you with certain Hulu Services, this also enables us to serve you Content related to your local area such as news and sports, depending on your subscription.
This data may also be used to tailor advertising to you based on your location.
To learn more about your choices with respect to our collection and use of precise location data, please see the information we have provided in Section 7 ("Your Choices, Including Opt-Out Options").
Use of Aggregate or De-Identified Information.
In addition to the individual data use described in this Privacy Policy, we may aggregate information about you and other individuals together, or otherwise "de-identify" the information about you (which means that the information does not identify you personally).
We may use information in these forms for any legitimate business purpose, including for research and analysis, administration of the Hulu Services, advertising (e.g., improving our targeting efforts), and promotional purposes.back to top4.
Sharing Information with Third PartiesWe may share information collected from or about you with third parties as explained further below, including business partners, social networking services, service providers, advertisers, and other companies that are not affiliated with Hulu.
Business Partners.
We work with a number of business partners who help us offer the Hulu Services, including, for example, our content programmers, distributors, and corporate owners.
We may share information collected from or about you with such business partners.
Social Networking Services.
When you choose to share information with social networking services about your activities on the Hulu Services, including shows you watch or like on Hulu, information about you and your activities will be shared with that social network.


Sharing with Facebook. In addition to Hulu collecting certain information from Facebook (as described in Section 2 ("Information We Collect"), if you connect your Hulu and Facebook accounts, you may choose to share information about your activities on the Hulu Services with Facebook and its users, including publishing shows you watch to Facebook.
If you visit Hulu while logged into Facebook, then Facebook may be able to identify your browser and associate the technical information provided by your web browser with other information that Facebook already has about you.
In addition, when you choose to share information about your activities on the Hulu Services with Facebook, Hulu may send information about you to Facebook.
Facebook may make that information visible to Facebook users in accordance with applicable law, Facebook's data policy, and your Facebook privacy settings.
We recommend that you familiarize yourself with Facebook's data policy and privacy controls.

Service Providers.
We may share the information collected from or about you with companies that provide services to us and our business partners, including companies that assist with payment processing, analytics, data processing and management (e.g., to facilitate our targeted advertising and marketing efforts), account management, hosting, customer and technical support, marketing (e.g., email, online or direct mail communications) and other services.


Your Browsers and Devices. We may work with service providers who use information collected from or about you to help us identify the browsers and devices you use for various purposes, including for targeted advertising, analytics, attribution, and measurement purposes.&nbsp;For example, these service providers (along with Hulu) may use your activity on one browser or device to serve you with more tailored advertising on another browser or device.
In connection with your use of browsers and devices, please note that certain opt out choices you have as described in Section 7 ("Your Choices, Including Opt-Out Options") apply only to the specific browser or device from which you opt out.

Advertisers and Advertising-Related Service Providers.
We may share the information collected from or about you in encrypted, aggregated, or de-identified forms with advertisers and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners in order to tailor advertisements, measure and improve advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements.
This information includes your use of the Hulu Services, websites you visited, advertisements you viewed, and your other activities online.
Audience Measurement Providers.
Our business partners, such as content programmers, as well as our advertisers, seek to measure the performance of their creative material across many platforms, including the Hulu Services.
Accordingly, Hulu may permit the use of third-party measurement software that enables third parties (such as Nielsen) to include your viewing on the Hulu Services in calculating measurement statistics such as TV Ratings.
To learn more about your choices with respect to Nielsen measurement software, please see the information we have provided in Section 7 ("Your Choices, Including Opt-Out Options").
Third Parties When Required By Law or When Necessary to Protect Your or Our Rights.
In some instances, we may disclose information from or about you without providing you a choice.
For example, we may disclose your information in the following ways: to protect the legal rights of Hulu and our affiliates or partners, and each of our respective equity holders, directors, officers, employees, agents, and business partners.
to protect the safety and security of users of the Hulu Services or third parties.
to enforce our Terms of Use.
to protect against fraud.
for risk management purposes.
and to comply with or respond to the law or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity, whether or not legally required.
If you notify us that you believe your legal rights have been violated by Hulu or another user of the Hulu Services, we may provide the information that you provide to us to others to the extent that we believe it is necessary to evaluate and respond to your complaint.
Third Parties in Connection with Certain Transactions.
If we sell all or part of our business, make a transfer of assets, or otherwise might be involved in a change of control transaction, or in the event of bankruptcy, we may transfer information from or about you to one or more third parties as part of the transaction, including the due diligence process.
Parties with Your Consent or When You Otherwise Choose to Share.
In addition to the sharing described in this Privacy Policy, we may share any information from or about you with any party when we have your consent or when you otherwise choose to share such information, including as set forth below in Section 5 ("Sharing What You Watch").
Also, certain functions within the Hulu Services may give you the option to share information about your activities on the Hulu Services, for example, by email, text message, social networking, or other sharing function.back to top5.
Sharing What You WatchWe may ask for your consent to Hulu sharing information about the videos you view on Hulu (e.g., show titles and episode names) ("Viewing Information") together with your personal information that we may collect (e.g., name, address, email address, and precise location data) with our&nbsp;content programmers, service providers, and other third parties set forth in Section 4 ("Sharing Information with Third Parties").
This information may help Hulu or these third parties personalize your experience by providing you with more tailored content, features, and ads on Hulu as well as on other platforms and services.
Please note that we request consent on a per-profile basis (i.e., for each profile) and therefore the consent provided for one profile does not apply to the consent of any other profile associated with the account.
To learn how to view or change your consent preference, please see the information we have provided in Section 7 ("Your Choices, Including Opt-Out Options").
For clarity, even if you have not consented to Hulu sharing Viewing Information together with your personal information, we may still share information collected from or about you as otherwise permitted in this Privacy Policy.
For example, we may still share Viewing Information together with account or device information that does not personally identify you (such as IP address and advertising identifiers).back to top6.
AdvertisingWe advertise Hulu both on the Hulu Services as well as on other platforms and services.
We also display advertisements from other companies on the Hulu Services, often enabling users to interact with the advertisements or click through to websites or other properties owned or operated by other companies.
This section provides additional information about the collection and use of information from or about you in connection with such advertising.
Use of Cookies and Similar Technology in Third-Party Advertising.
Advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for Hulu and our business partners may use cookies and similar technologies (including for example those described in Section 2 ("Information We Collect")) to collect information from or about you through the Hulu Services in order to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements.
This information may relate to your use of the Hulu Services, websites you visited, advertisements you viewed, and your other activities online.
Advertising that is based on information collected from or about you across websites, applications and other platforms over time is known as interest-based or online behavioral advertising.
Viewing Ads.
When you view an advertisement, whether or not you click on it, or when you interact with an advertisement, the advertiser, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may collect some information from or about you.
The information practices of these third parties are governed by their own privacy policies and are not governed by this Privacy Policy.
Please be aware that Hulu does not notify you when you have chosen to click through to another website or property when using the Hulu Services.
We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of such websites or properties to determine how they use or share any information they separately collect from you.
To learn about opting out of interest-based or online behavioral advertising, please see the information we have provided in Section 7 ("Your Choices, Including Opt-Out Options").back to top7.
Your Choices, Including Opt-Out OptionsYou have the following choices regarding how we and third parties use certain information collected from or about you.
Hulu is committed to complying with the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and the DAA Application of Self-Regulatory Principles for the Mobile Environment.

Opt-Out from Promotional Communications.
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from Hulu by accessing your&nbsp;account&nbsp;and clicking on "Manage Email Notifications." You may also opt out of certain promotional communications by clicking the "unsubscribe" link in a particular promotional communication.
Please note that you cannot opt out from receiving all communications from Hulu, including administrative messages, service announcements, and messages regarding the terms and conditions of your account because those may contain important information.
You can choose to receive push notifications from Hulu on your device.
If you do not wish to receive push notifications, you can use your device’s settings to turn them off.


Opt-Out from Nielsen Measurement.
The Hulu Services may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will enable you to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings.&nbsp;To learn more about the information that Nielsen software may collect, please see the Nielsen Digital Measurement Privacy Policy at http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy.&nbsp;In it you will find information about your choices with regard to Nielsen measurement software on the Hulu Site.
For your choices with regard to Nielsen measurement software on our mobile application, please visit "About Nielsen Measurement" in our mobile application’s settings.&nbsp;We may also feature Nielsen measurement software such as Nielsen Digital Ad Ratings (DAR) when you stream Hulu on your television through streaming media players, smart TVs, Chromecast, Blu-ray players, gaming consoles and similar devices (collectively, "Living Room Devices").
Nielsen DAR on Living Room Devices allows Nielsen to measure the performance of ad campaigns viewed by our registered users.
For your choices with regard to Nielsen DAR when you use Hulu on a Living Room Device, please visit the Hulu Site on your computer and click "Manage Nielsen Measurement" on the "Your Account" page.&nbsp;


Opt-Out Options for Third-Party Online Behavioral or Interest-Based Advertising on Websites (including Mobile Websites).
Some of the third parties that collect information from or about you on the Hulu Services in order to provide more relevant advertising to you on websites participate in the DAA Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.
This program offers a centralized location where users can make choices about the use of their information for online behavioral advertising.
To learn more and to make choices about the use of your information for online behavioral advertising on websites, please click&nbsp;here.
Please note that if you opt out of online behavioral advertising using this method, this opt-out will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out.
In addition, some of the advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"), a cooperative of online marketing companies that offers a centralized tool for opting out of interest-based advertising delivered by each of its member companies.
If you would like to obtain more information about interest-based advertising and the NAI and make choices about their members’ use of information from or about you on websites, please click&nbsp;here.
Please note that if you opt out of interest-based advertising using this method, this opt-out will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out.
Hulu also offers its users the ability to make choices about the use of their information for ad targeting on websites.
To learn more and exercise your opt-out choices on Hulu, please visit the "About Ads" link at the bottom of the Hulu Site.
There is currently no consensus among industry participants as to what "Do Not Track" means and how to respond to "Do Not Track" browser signals.
As such, we do not respond to such signals.
Instead, to opt-out of website-based third-party interest-based or online behavioral advertising, please exercise one of the choices listed above.&nbsp;


Opt-Out Options for Third-Party Online Behavioral or Interest-Based Advertising within Mobile Applications.
Some of the third parties that collect information from or about you on the Hulu Services in order to provide more relevant advertising to you within mobile applications participate in the DAA Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.
This program offers a mobile application called the "AppChoices," which provides a centralized location where users can make choices about the use of their information for online behavioral advertising within the mobile application environment.
The AppChoices application can be downloaded from your mobile device at www.aboutads.info/appchoices or from your device’s app store.
Please note that if you opt out of online behavioral advertising using this method, this opt-out will only apply to your mobile device.
On your mobile device, you may also go to your device settings and select "Limit Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices) or "Opt out of Interest-Based Ads" (for Android devices), which will allow you to limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device (such as precise location data) for the purposes of serving online behavioral advertising to you.


Opt-Out from Collection of Precise Location Data from Your Mobile Device
You can opt out of our collection of precise location data from your mobile device in your device settings, for example, by disabling "Location Services" for the Hulu application in your iOS device’s settings.
Please note that by opting out of our collection of precise location data, your access to the Hulu Services on your mobile device may be limited depending on your subscription.


Options for Sharing What You Watch
As set forth in Section 5 ("Sharing What You Watch"), we may ask for your consent to Hulu sharing your Viewing Information together with your personal information with our&nbsp;content programmers, service providers, and other third parties.
If we have asked for your consent, you may view or change your consent preference by logging into Hulu on your computer, going to your account settings, and editing your profile.
If you would like to consent to Hulu sharing your Viewing Information together with your personal information, set your "Manage Video Sharing" preference to "Yes." If you would like to withdraw your consent, set your "Manage Video Sharing" preference to "No." You can change your consent on a case-by-case basis by changing your "Manage Video Sharing" preference before viewing a video.
Please allow us a few minutes to process any changes to your preference.


Additional Choices for California Residents
If you are a California resident, you may be entitled to request certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information (such as your name and contact information) to third parties who wish to contact you or send you promotional information about their products and services directly (as compared to when the third party is acting on our behalf or you have provided your personal information as part of a co-promotion by Hulu and the third party).
If you are a California resident and would like to request a copy of information regarding our disclosure to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, please send us a letter at Attention: Legal Department, Hulu, LLC, 2500 Broadway, 2nd Floor, Santa Monica, CA 90404.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and a registered user of the Hulu Services, you may request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted on the Hulu Services.
To make this request, please email us at privacy@hulu.com and include a detailed description of the specific content or information you would like to remove.
Please note that this removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted on the Hulu Services by you as there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal.


back to top8.
Security and Account AccessWe use a variety of physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard information in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, and modification.
For example, we take steps to limit access to sensitive information from or about you to those Hulu employees, agents, and contractors who have a legitimate business reason to access such information.
We also use measures like encryption and hashing to help protect sensitive information when in transmission.
Despite these efforts, please note that there is always a possibility that a breach in data transmission or storage may occur.
We want you to feel confident in our security when using the Hulu Services, but we cannot guarantee the security of any information from or about you 100% of the time.
Please refer to the&nbsp;U.S.
Federal Trade Commission’s website&nbsp;for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft.
Please note that if you allow others to use your account (including others you permit to set up profiles under your account), they may be able to view information about your account or any of the profiles under your account, including information about the videos you view and your email address.back to top9.
ChildrenChildren under 13 years of age are not permitted to register with Hulu.
The Hulu Services are not intended to be used by children without involvement and approval of a parent or guardian.back to top10.
Third-Party Access Points, Devices, and LinksThe Hulu Services may be provided through third-party websites, applications and other means of access operated by other companies (collectively, "Third-Party Access Points").
For example, you can access the Hulu Services through websites of our distributors.
In addition, you may launch a Third-Party Access Point using various devices such as mobile devices and Living Room Devices.
The Hulu Services also may contain links to third-party websites or applications.
None of these Third-Party Access Points, devices, websites or applications are operated by us, even if they contain our name or logo, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of their operators.
Accordingly, we recommend that you review their privacy policies.back to top11.
Deleting Your Hulu AccountYou may delete your Hulu account, in accordance with our&nbsp;Terms of Use, or via the link accessible on the&nbsp;Account&nbsp;page.
You must cancel your subscription before you are able to delete your account.
Please note that, after you delete your account, we may retain some information from or about you in accordance with applicable law, including for various legal, operational, accounting, and auditing purposes.back to top12.
Applicable LawHulu is headquartered in the U.S.
and the Hulu Services are intended for users in the U.S.
By viewing any Content or otherwise using the Hulu Services, you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S.
to the extent applicable, and the collection, storage, and processing of information under U.S.
laws.back to top13.
Changes to this Privacy PolicyFrom time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law or the Hulu Services or for other reasons.
Therefore, it is important to check the effective date posted at the top of the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Hulu Site or use any of the Hulu Services to ensure you are familiar with our most updated policies and practices.
If we make any material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting a notice on the Hulu Site.
If you are a registered user, we will also send an email to the email address that you most recently provided to us prior to the material change taking effect.
Accordingly, please keep your account information, including email address, updated.
Any material change to this Privacy Policy will be effective automatically 30 days after the revised Privacy Policy is first posted or, for users who register or otherwise provide opt-in consent during this 30-day period, at the time of registration or consent, as applicable.back to top14.
Questions/Contacting UsAt Hulu, we expect that our first-class customer support team will be able to resolve most issues you may have using the Hulu Services.
You can find answers to frequently asked questions or contact our customer support team by going to our&nbsp;help center.
In addition, if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may email us at privacy@hulu.com or contact us by mail addressed to:Attention: Legal DepartmentHulu, LLC2500 Broadway, 2nd FloorSanta Monica, CA 90404Thank you for taking the time to read this Privacy Policy.
We hope you enjoy the Hulu Services!back to top
Subscribe Now
Live TV
Advertising
Jobs
Press
Help
About Us
Site Map
Blog


Account Log In
Help
About Ads
Legal
© 2019 Hulu


About Ads
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© 2019 Hulu
