  Effective Date: July 17, 2018 
 This Cookie Policy explains when and why cookies are used by Humble Bundle, Inc., and its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, "Humble Bundle", "we", "us" or "our"), on our websites, applications, advertisements and related services, including emails, newsletters and on certain partner and licensee websites that we do not own or operate but with whom we have agreements (together, the "Service").


What are Cookies?

 Cookies are small bits of text that are downloaded to the devices you use to reach and use the Service.
Your browser or device holds these cookies and makes them available every time you visit a site again so that it can recognize you and remember important information about you.
for example, help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Service.

 Session Cookies are temporary cookies that remain in your browser or device until you leave the site.
They are then deleted from your device once you leave the Service.

 Persistent Cookies remain in your browser or device after you close your browser - they remain there until you delete them or they reach their expiry date, depending on the cookie.
These may, for example, be used to remember your preferences when you use the Service, recognize you on your return, and enhance your experience on the Service.
Use of a persistent cookie may be linked to personal information while interacting with the Service.
For example, if you choose to store your user names so that you do not have to enter them each time you access your accounts, a persistent cookie linked to your account information will be stored on your computer.
If you reject the persistent cookie, you may still use the Service but some features may not function properly.

 For more information on cookies please visit: http://www.allaboutcookies.org 

Can I Change My Cookie Preferences?

 You can always change your cookie preferences or delete cookies altogether as discussed in this policy.

 Browser settings also allow you to choose whether or not to accept cookies or limit certain cookies.
Most browsers also provide functionality that lets you review and erase cookies.
You may wish to refer to this guide for information on commonly used browsers.
If you use the Service without changing your browser settings, we will assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the Service.
Please be aware that if cookies are disabled, not all features of the Service may operate properly.

 You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout or downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.

You may also opt out or change your behavioral advertising cookie preferences by visiting the opt-out page for the Digital Advertising Alliance(U.S.
residents and those not in the EU or Canada), the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EU residents), or the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (Canadian residents).

You can stop all collection of information via our mobile applications by uninstalling them.
Also, you may be able to exercise specific privacy choices, such as enabling or disabling certain location-based services, by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device usually available in the "Settings" section or referring to the instructions provided by your mobile device’s manufacturer.


Does this Policy Change?

 We may change this Cookie Policy at any time.
Please take a look at the date at the top of this page to see when this Cookie Policy was last updated.
Any changes in this Cookie Policy will become effective when we make the revised Cookie Policy available on the Service.


How Does Humble Bundle Use Cookies?

 The types of information typically collected by cookies include information relating to how you use the Service, your device’s IP address and browser type, how you arrived on one of the Services, your name, and email address if you are logging in.


What Cookies Do We Use?

 Below is a list of each category of cookies we use and why we use each cookie.
First party cookies are our own cookies set by Humble Bundle, controlled by us and used to provide information about the usage of the Service.



Essential Cookies or Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are essential to the Service in order for you to move around the Service and to use its features.
Without these cookies, certain features could not function.
No information about your browsing habits is gathered by these cookies.

Functional Cookies: These cookies remember how you prefer to use the Service and enable us to improve the way the Service works.
We can remember your settings and help provide you with ads.
Functional Cookies are persistent cookies that the Service remembers when your computer or device comes back to that Service.

Analytics Cookies: Analytics Cookies allow us to improve our services by collecting information about your use of the Service.
We use these cookies to help improve how the website works.
For example, Analytics Cookies show us statistics, which are the most frequently visited pages on the Service, help us record any difficulties you have with the Service, and show us whether our advertising is effective or not.
We cannot identify you personally through the use of these cookies, but third parties who provide these cookies may be able to.

Behavioral Advertising Cookies: Behavioral Advertising Cookies are used to deliver relevant advertisements to users both on and off the Service.
Our partners may use a cookie to determine whether an ad has been shown to you and how it performed.
A partner may also show you an ad on or off the Service after you have visited a partner's site or application.

Third Party Cookies: Some of the cookies on the Service are operated by third parties, such as Facebook, Comscore, Sift Science and Cordial.
Some of the cookies operated by third parties may be used for analytics purposes, such as to monitor, analyze and prevent fraudulent traffic or other suspicious activities.
We do not control these third parties or their use of cookies.
This means it is not possible for us to manage these cookies.
This Policy only covers the use of cookies by Humble Bundle and does not cover the use of cookies by any third party.
Some of these third party cookies are not session based and have varying expiry dates.
Please check the websites of these third parties for details on how they use cookies.


Geo-Location Information: Some devices allow applications to access real-time location-based information (for example, GPS (global positioning systems) software, geo-filtering, and other location-aware technologies) to locate (sometimes precisely) you for purposes such as verifying your location and delivering or restricting relevant content based on your location.
We may use this information to optimize your experience.


Similar Technologies

 In addition to cookies, we may also use other similar tracking technologies on our services.
We use these technologies to do things like gather demographic information about our user base as a whole or track users’ movements around the Service, or to improve our understanding of things like site traffic, visitor behavior and promotional campaigns.
These similar technologies may include: 


Web Beacons (also called "tracking pixels", "internet tags", "pixel tags" or "clear gifs"): Web beacons are small blocks of code or graphic images embedded in web pages, mobile applications, advertisements and e-mail messages.
They are a method for passing information from your device to a third party website and may be used to count the number of visitors to the Service, monitor how users navigate the Service and count content views.

Embedded Scripts: An embedded script is programming code designed to collect information about your interactions with the Service.
It is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third party with whom we work, is active only while you are connected to the Service, and deleted or deactivated thereafter.

Device Fingerprinting: Device fingerprinting is the process of analyzing and combining sets of information elements from your device's browser, such as JavaScript objects and installed fonts, in order to create a "fingerprint" of your device and uniquely identify your device and applications.

Local Storage: Local storage, such as HTML 5, allows a website or mobile app to store and retrieve data on an individual’s device.


Do Not Track Response

 Certain web browsers may allow you to enable a "do not track" option that sends signals to the websites you visit indicating that you do not want your online activities tracked.
This is different from blocking cookies as browsers with the "do not track" option selected may still accept cookies.
Right now, there is no industry standard for how companies should respond to "do not track" signals, although one may be adopted in the future.
We do not respond to "do not track" signals at this time.
If we do so in the future, we will modify this Cookie Policy accordingly.
More information about "do not track" is available at www.allaboutdnt.org.

 For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.

 We hope that this policy helps you understand our use of cookies.
If you have any further queries, please contact us at privacy@humblebundle.com and be sure to include Cookie Policy in the subject line.
    Last modified on August 6, 2018 and effective on August 6, 2018.

 HUMBLE BUNDLE, INC.
IS A DELAWARE CORPORATION WITH AN OFFICE AT 160 SPEAR ST, SUITE 1000, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94105 ("HUMBLE BUNDLE," "COMPANY", "WE," "US," OR "OUR").
THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU ("YOU") AND HUMBLE BUNDLE.
PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE CLICKING ON THE PURCHASE BUTTON.
YOUR PURCHASE AND USE OF SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES THROUGH HUMBLEBUNDLE.COM AND HUMBLE BUNDLE'S MOBILE APPLICATION (COLLECTIVELY, THE "SERVICE") IS GOVERNED BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE ("TERMS"), WHICH HEREBY INCORPORATE BY REFERENCE THE HUMBLE BUNDLE PRIVACY POLICY (TOGETHER WITH ANY UPDATES OR ADDITIONAL TERMS, THE TERMS AND PRIVACY POLICY ARE COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO HEREIN AS THE "AGREEMENT").
IF YOU DOWNLOAD SOFTWARE FROM ONE OF THE HUMBLE BUNDLE WEBSITES OR IN CONNECTION WITH THAT SERVICE, YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS ALSO GOVERNED BY THE APPLICABLE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT PRESENTED TO YOU ON DOWNLOAD OR INSTALLATION OF THAT SOFTWARE.

 THESE TERMS CONTAIN A BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER.

 SECTION 6 CONTAINS AN IMPORTANT NOTE TO NEW JERSEY CONSUMERS.


1.
USE OF SERVICE


(a) Eligibility. You may use the Service only if you can form a binding contract with Company, and only in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable local, state, national, and foreign laws, rules and regulations.
If your minor children use the Service, you are solely responsible for such use, including, without limitation, any purchases your minor children make through the Service.
Any use or access to the Service by anyone under 13 is strictly prohibited and in violation of this Agreement and you agree that you will not allow your minor children under the age of 13 to engage in such use.
You may not use the Service if you have previously been removed or banned from the Service by Humble Bundle.


(b) Restrictions. You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities: (i) copying, distributing, or disclosing any part of the Service in any medium, including without limitation by any automated or non-automated "scraping".
(ii) using any automated system, including without limitation "robots," "spiders," "offline readers," etc., to access the Service in a manner that sends more request messages to the Company servers than a human can reasonably produce in the same period of time by using a conventional on-line web browser (except that Humble Bundle grants the operators of public search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy materials from Humble Bundle for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials).
(iii) transmitting spam, chain letters, or other unsolicited email.
(iv) attempting to interfere with, compromise the system integrity or security or decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Service.
(v) taking any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole judgment an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure.
(vi) uploading invalid data, viruses, worms, or other software agents through the Service.
(vii) collecting or harvesting any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Service.
(viii) using the Service for any commercial solicitation purposes.
(ix) impersonating another person or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity, conducting fraud, hiding or attempting to hide your identity.
(x) interfering with the proper working of the Service.
(xi) accessing any content on the Service through any technology or means other than those provided or authorized by the Service.
(xii) bypassing the measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service, including without limitation features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Service or the content therein.
(xiii) sell, assign, rent, lease, act as a service bureau, or grant rights in the Products, including, without limitation, through sublicense, to any other entity without the prior written consent of such Products' (defined below) licensors.
(xiv) circumventing Service limitations on the number of Products you may purchase, including, without limitation, creating multiple accounts and purchasing a total number of Products through such multiple accounts which exceed the per-user limitations.
or (xv) except as otherwise specifically set forth in a licensor's end user license agreement, as otherwise agreed upon by a licensor in writing or as otherwise allowed under applicable law, distributing, transmitting, copying (other than re-installing software or files previously purchased by you through the Service on computers, mobile or tablet devices owned by you, or creating backup copies of such software or files for your own personal use) or otherwise exploiting the Products (defined below) in any manner other than for your own private, non-commercial, personal use.
Accessing the audiovisual content available on the Service for any purpose or in any manner other than Streaming (as defined below) is expressly prohibited.
"Streaming" means a contemporaneous digital transmission of an audiovisual work via the Internet from the Service to a user's device in such a manner that the data is intended for real-time viewing and not intended to be copied, stored, permanently downloaded, or redistributed by the user.

 YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT HUMBLE BUNDLE HAS THE ABSOLUTE RIGHT IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, WITHOUT ANY LIABILITY TO YOU OF ANY KIND AND IN ADDITION TO ALL OF ITS OTHER RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, IN LAW AND AT EQUITY, TO CANCEL ANY AND ALL DOWNLOAD PAGES, PRODUCT KEYS OR REDEMPTION CODES FOR PRODUCTS YOU HAVE PURCHASED SHOULD HUMBLE BUNDLE DETERMINE IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION THAT YOU HAVE VIOLATED ANY OF THESE RESTRICTIONS.


(c) Termination of Service or Access. We may, without prior notice, change the Service.
stop facilitating the Service or features of the Service, to you or to users generally.
or create usage limits for the Service, including, without limitation, limiting the number of Products you may purchase at any given time or under any given account or set of accounts.
We may permanently or temporarily terminate or suspend your access to the Service without notice and liability for any reason, including if in our sole determination you violate any provision of this Agreement, or for no reason.
Upon termination for any reason or no reason, you continue to be bound by this Agreement.


(d) Your Information. The Service is only for sales of products or product rights (collectively, "Products") to end user customers for their personal, non-commercial use.
The personal information you submit to the Service is subject to Humble Bundle's Privacy Policy at humblebundle.com/privacy, which is expressly made part of these Terms.
You agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information required to register with the Service and at other points as may be required in the course of using the Service.

 Once you make a purchase, you will receive a unique download page.
You shall not, directly or indirectly, disclose the unique URL for your download page to anyone else or use anyone else's download page.
You are solely and entirely responsible for all activities that occur on your download page.
Humble Bundle shall not be responsible for any losses arising out of the unauthorized use of your download page.


(e) Objectionable Material. You understand that by using the Service and Products, you may encounter content that may be deemed mature, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, which content may or may not be identified as having explicit language or adult themes, and which may be due to the content of the Products or your interactions with other users in the course of using the Products.
You agree to use the Service at your sole risk and that Humble Bundle shall have no liability to you for content that may be found to be mature, offensive, indecent, or objectionable.


(f) Product Requirements. Use of the Service and/or Products requires a compatible computer, Internet access (fees may apply), and certain software (fees may apply), and may require obtaining patches, updates or upgrades from time to time.
Because use of the Service and/or Products involves hardware, software, and Internet access (high speed Internet access is strongly recommended), your ability to use the Service and/or Products may be affected by these factors.
You are responsible for being aware of any particular system requirements of any Product and for your ability to meet such requirements, which may change from time to time.
Applicable system requirements at the time of purchase can be found on the information page for each Product.
Certain Products also may require you to register an account with a third party (which may require an initial and/or ongoing fee) or to install third party software and content in connection with their use.
Humble Bundle does not assume any responsibility or liability for any such fee, account or third party software or content.
Physical copies Products are not available.
If you are having difficulty downloading the Product or encounter any other issues with the purchase, download or activation of a Product, you should contact us at https://support.humblebundle.com/hc/en-us/requests/new 

2.
PAYMENT, DELIVERY, AND REFERRALS

 In these Terms, "total amount paid" means the amount collected from the User which includes the purchase price together with any amount donated to charity plus any applicable taxes and "purchase price" means the price of the Product plus any applicable taxes, and HB 'tip' where applicable.


(a) Pricing of Products. Your purchase price will include the price of the Product plus any applicable taxes in effect on the time of purchase, and based on country data you provide on your download page.
Humble Bundle reserves the right to change prices and availability of Products at any time.
If you are not located in either the US or the EU your purchase price will be the full amount of the price posted and failure on Humble Bundle's part to invoice you for any applicable taxes does not relieve you of the liability to pay such taxes, and you must pay to the applicable taxing authority any such taxes which may be due as a result of your purchase through the Service.


(b) Orders. Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell.
Humble Bundle reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason.
We may require additional verification or information before accepting any order.


(c) Payment for Products. The Service uses PayPal, and other payment providers as may be indicated on the purchase page.
You agree to pay for all Products you purchase through the Service, and that Humble Bundle may charge your chosen payment method (such as PayPal, Amazon Payments, or a deduction from your Humble Wallet) for any Products purchased, and for any additional amounts (including any taxes, late fees, and any amounts donated to charity as applicable) as may be accrued by or in connection with your account.
All fees will be billed to the payment method you designate during the checkout process.
Billing to your selected payment method occurs at the time of purchase.
If you use the services of an alternate payment method provider such as PayPal, you will be bound by that party's terms and conditions, which are available on that party's website.
You also may be required to create an account with such payment method provider and to provide that payment method provider with your credit card or other details.
Humble Bundle reserves the right to change the payment methods offered at any time.
All information that you provide in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the Service must be accurate, complete, and current.
You agree to pay all charges incurred by users of your credit card, debit card, or other payment method used in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the Service at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred.
You will pay any applicable taxes, if any, relating to any such purchases, transactions or other monetary transaction interactions.


(d) Humble Wallet. You may elect to participate in Company's Humble Wallet service offering (the "Humble Wallet") to purchase certain Products.
Company grants you a limited license to acquire, use, and redeem the Humble Wallet service offering pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
You may place funds in the Humble Wallet up to an amount to be designated by Company through one or more payment providers as further set forth in Section 2(c) above.
Currently, the maximum balance you may have in the Humble Wallet at any given time is the equivalent of $250.00 USD and the total amount of all transactions through the Humble Wallet per 24-hour period is equivalent to $2,000 USD.
There may be a delay between the time you place funds into the Humble Wallet and your ability to purchase Products with the Humble Wallet.
Any purchases made through the Humble Wallet are non-refundable, unless otherwise required by law.
To the extent that Company makes any changes to the balance caps or usage of the Humble Wallet, Company shall post such changes to this website.
Your use of the Service thirty (30) days following the date such changes go into effect constitutes your acceptance of those changes.
Should you not agree to such proposed changes, your only remedy is to cease your use of the Service.
Any balance in the Humble Wallet is strictly non-refundable and non-transferrable, unless otherwise required by law, and no Humble Wallet balances are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC).
Additionally, any balance in the Humble Wallet does not constitute personal property, has no cash value outside of the Service.
Company shall not send you any statements with regard to transactions made through your Humble Wallet.
You are responsible for verifying your Humble Wallet balance and reviewing purchases made through the Service.
To check your Humble Wallet balance, go to humblebundle.com/user/wallet and enter your account information.
Any Humble Wallet balances that are deemed unclaimed property may be turned over to the applicable governmental authority.
Not all Products or other aspects of the Service are for purchase through the Humble Wallet.
You are responsible for confirming that the particular Products you wish to purchase are purchasable with the Humble Wallet prior to placing funds into the Humble Wallet.


(e) Humble Monthly Bundle. The Humble Monthly Bundle is a series of Products, which is provided as a monthly subscription.
If you have subscribed to the Humble Monthly Bundle and have provided us with your payment information, you authorize us to charge you a monthly membership fee at the then current subscription rate.
You acknowledge that the Humble Monthly Bundle subscription terms and rate are subject to change and you agree to pay the applicable subscription rate unless you cancel the subscription, as described in this section.
We will notify Humble Monthly Bundle subscribers of any price changes and any material changes in subscription terms via email prior to implementing the change.


 We will automatically charge the Humble Monthly Bundle subscription fee to your selected payment method within seven (7) days from the closest business day to the date on which that month's Humble Monthly Bundle is distributed.
 The Humble Monthly Bundle is typically distributed on the first Friday of every month.
however, this date may be subject to change at our discretion from time to time.
We have the right to change your payment method provided and the date on which your billing cycle occurs.
An example of when we may do so is if we cannot successfully settle your account with the original payment method you provided.
You are responsible for all charges to your account, including any unpaid charges that occurred prior to the date you cancel your account.


 By subscribing to the Humble Monthly Bundle subscription, you hereby request that the Products are delivered or made available for download to you before the expiry of any applicable cancellation period, and you acknowledge that you will lose your right to change your mind and request a refund once the first Product has been made available to you as part of the Humble Monthly Bundle subscription.


 You may cancel your subscription to the Humble Monthly Bundle by going to the Humble Bundle website at www.humblebundle.com, logging into your account and clicking on "unsubscribe" through the account settings page.
To prevent being charged for the Humble Monthly Bundle for a given calendar month, you must cancel your subscription at least seven (7) days prior to the next upcoming Humble Monthly Bundle distribution.
For example, if the Humble Monthly Bundle distribution is to occur on March 8, then you must cancel prior to March 1 to ensure that you are not charged for the month of March.
PAYMENTS ARE NONREFUNDABLE AND THERE ARE NO REFUNDS OR CREDITS FOR PARTIALLY USED PERIODS.


(f) Charitable Sales Promotions. Under the terms of its charitable sales promotions, Humble Bundle will remit all funds designated for a particular charity, less any applicable taxes, purchaser refunds/credits, and processing fees in accordance with the instructions of the customer.
There are no minimum or maximum amounts which Humble Bundle will remit to a particular charity under the terms of its charitable sales promotions.
Humble Bundle will not have use of the funds which are designated for a charity by the customer.
Humble Bundle typically makes donations to donor-directed funds like PayPal Giving Fund, with a corresponding recommendation that they regrant the funds to the charity designated by the customer.
The fund will make every effort to grant the funds to the designated charity but, like all donor-directed funds, retains ultimate discretion and control over the use of the donations it receives from Humble Bundle, and may redirect funds to a similar qualifying charitable organization if it is unable to follow the recommendation.
You will not be entitled to a tax deduction for contributions made by Humble Bundle to any charity or donor-directed fund.


(g) Bundles. The Humble Bundle "Bundle" offering allows you to determine the price that you will pay for a bundle of various Products offered during a given time by Humble Bundle (each, a "Bundle").
Each Bundle has various suggested prices for groupings of Products.
If you want to pay a different amount from one of the recommended prices, you may do so by clicking on the "Custom Amount" button and entering the price you wish to pay for the particular Bundle.
Additional Products may be included in a Bundle if you pay over a certain price as designated for that Bundle.
If the custom amount you set is less than the required price to receive these additional Products, those Products will not be included in the Bundle you purchase.
You may determine what portion of the total amount paid for a Bundle is attributed to (i) the rights holders of the Bundle Products.
(ii) various charities as presented through the Bundle.
and (iii) Humble Bundle as a tip for making the Service available.
To designate how you wish for your total amount paid to be split, click on the "Choose where your money goes" icon and then adjust the sliders to the positions you choose.
If you do not adjust the sliders, then the amount you pay will be split according to the defaults set by Humble Bundle.
Note that (A) the tip paid to Humble Bundle and (B) the amount to be paid to the various charities, are both optional.
should you wish not to provide a tip or not to pay any amount to a charity, you may set the respective slider to $0.00.


(h) Electronic Signatures and Contracts. Your use of the Service includes the ability to enter into agreements and/or to make purchases electronically.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR ELECTRONIC SUBMISSIONS CONSTITUTE YOUR AGREEMENT AND INTENT TO BE BOUND BY SUCH AGREEMENTS AND TO PAY FOR SUCH PURCHASES.
YOUR AGREEMENT AND INTENT TO BE BOUND BY ELECTRONIC SUBMISSIONS APPLIES TO ALL RECORDS RELATING TO ALL TRANSACTIONS YOU ENTER INTO ON THIS SITE, INCLUDING NOTICES OF CANCELLATION, POLICIES, CONTRACTS, AND APPLICATIONS.
In order to access and retain your electronic records, you may be required to have certain hardware and software, which are your sole responsibility.
These Terms do not confer any rights or remedies upon any person other than you or Humble Bundle.
You may also have additional rights under applicable law.


(i) Delivery of Products. On occasion, technical problems may delay, interrupt or prevent the download or activation of your Product.
Your exclusive and sole remedy with respect to any Product that is not downloadable or able to be activated within a reasonable period will be either replacement of such Product, store credit or refund, as determined by Humble Bundle in its sole discretion.
Humble Bundle shall have no liability for issues encountered with downloading, activating or using Products due to factors beyond its control, including your computer's performance and the speed of your internet connection.
In some cases certain Products may be games that are still in development.
You understand that in some instances Product release dates may be delayed and that release dates and times posted on the Service are only estimates, and you will not be entitled to any refund for a delayed product release date.
Our obligation to deliver any Product to you shall be complete at the time when and place where you first receive the information necessary to commence downloading such Product.
In all circumstances it is your responsibility to ensure that the Product is correctly and completely installed on your computer.
Once a Product is purchased and you receive the Product, it is your responsibility to keep the Product from being misplaced, damaged or destroyed, and Humble Bundle shall be without liability to you in the event of any loss, damage or destruction.
Humble Bundle encourages all its users to appropriately back up the Product files and any other elements associated with the Products.


(j) No Ongoing Obligations. Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms, Humble Bundle and its licensors reserve the right, without liability to you, to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to any Products, content, or other materials comprising a part of or sold through the Service at any time without notice.
You acknowledge that some aspects of the Service, Products, and administering of our usage rules entails the ongoing involvement of Humble Bundle.
Accordingly, in the event that Humble Bundle changes any part of the Service or discontinues the Service, which Humble Bundle may do at its election, you acknowledge that you may no longer be able to use Products to the same extent as prior to such change or discontinuation, and that Humble Bundle shall have no liability to you in such case.
You understand that nothing in these Terms entitles you to any future updates, versions or enhancements to any Product (although Humble Bundle may offer such updates, versions or enhancements at its sole discretion).
The Service is not part of any other product or offering, and no purchase or obtaining of any other product shall be construed to represent or guarantee you access to the Service.


(k) Refer A Friend. You may refer friends to subscribe to the Humble Monthly Bundle by sending them a link available on your settings page at https://www.humblebundle.com/user/settings .
Humble Bundle may provide you, at its discretion, with a reward for each friend you refer to us who subscribes to the Humble Monthly Bundle.
To the extent that Humble Bundle is offering rewards for referrals, the current reward is displayed on your settings page.
You may only receive a maximum of 30 rewards for referrals and you will be able to see the number of rewards that you have received on your settings page.
Humble Bundle may suspend or terminate the Refer A Friend Beta at any time at its sole and absolute discretion.


3.
CUSTOMER SERVICE


(a) Assistance with Orders. For assistance with billing questions or other order inquiries, please contact us at https://support.humblebundle.com.
If you cannot find the answers you are seeking in our knowledge base, you can send us an email from that page.


(b) Refund Policy. Certain restrictions apply to sales of Products sold through the Service that might not otherwise apply to physical goods.
Refunds will not necessarily be issued due to your dissatisfaction with the Product or if your computer does not meet the minimum Product requirements.
If you feel you qualify for a refund, please contact Customer Service.
Refunds will be issued solely at Humble Bundle's discretion.
Two months after a purchase, it is no longer possible for us to issue refunds on payment processors like PayPal.
So please contact as soon as possible.


4.
TERM AND TERMINATION


(a) Termination by Humble Bundle. If you fail, or Humble Bundle, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines or suspects that you have failed, to comply with any of these Terms, including but not limited to failure to make payment of fees due, failure to provide Humble Bundle with a valid payment method, failure to safeguard your download page, or violation of our usage rules or any license to the software, Humble Bundle, at its sole discretion, without notice to you may: (i) terminate these Terms and/or your download page, and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination.
and/or (ii) terminate the license to the software.
and/or (iii) preclude access to the Service (or any part thereof).
No such termination by Humble Bundle shall limit any other rights Humble Bundle may have in law or at equity.


(b) Termination by You. You may terminate these Terms by discontinuing all use of the Service and providing notice of such to Humble Bundle.
Humble Bundle reserves the right to collect fees, surcharges or costs incurred prior to such termination.
You will also remain liable for any charges incurred to your payment providers prior to such termination.
You understand and agree that any termination by you or Humble Bundle will result in your permanent inability to access your Humble Wallet, your download page and to download any Products associated therewith, and you will forfeit any right to any Products not already in your possession and any balance in your Humble Wallet.


(c) Survival of Terms. Notwithstanding any termination or expiration of these Terms, the terms of Sections 2(h), 2(j), 4(c), 5, 6, 8 and 9 will survive, along with any other terms which by their nature are intended to survive.


5.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.
LIABILITY LIMITATIONS.
INDEMNITY


(a) Disclaimer of Warranties. HUMBLE BUNDLE AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT GUARANTEE, REPRESENT, OR WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREON AND/OR THE PRODUCTS WILL BE SATISFACTORY, UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, VIRUS-FREE OR ERROR-FREE, AND YOU AGREE THAT FROM TIME TO TIME HUMBLE BUNDLE MAY REMOVE THE SERVICE FOR INDEFINITE PERIODS OF TIME, OR CANCEL THE SERVICE AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
THE SERVICE AND ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES DELIVERED TO YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE (EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED BY HUMBLE BUNDLE) PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" FOR YOUR USE, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, AND HUMBLE BUNDLE AND ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES CONDITIONS OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE.
BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, THE ABOVE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
THIS WILL NOT AFFECT YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER.


(b) Liability Limitations. IN NO CASE SHALL HUMBLE BUNDLE, AND ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS AND THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, OR LICENSORS (THE "HUMBLE BUNDLE PARTIES") BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES DELIVERED TO YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE OR FOR ANY OTHER CLAIM RELATED IN ANY WAY TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT, OR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT (OR PRODUCT) POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, AND WHETHER ARISING IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE HUMBLE BUNDLE PARTIES UNDER THESE TERMS EXCEED THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THE APPLICABLE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR CERTAIN LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS THE LIABILITY OF THE HUMBLE BUNDLE PARTIES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.


(c) Indemnity. By using the Service, you agree to indemnify and hold Humble Bundle, its affiliates, and licensors, and their respective directors, officers, shareholders, employees and agents, harmless with respect to any claims, liability, damages, expenses and costs (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of the actual or alleged breach of these Terms by you or through your download page or your use or access of the Service.
You shall use your best efforts to cooperate with us in the defense of any claim.
We reserve the right, at our own expense, to employ separate counsel and assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.


6.
NEW JERSEY RESIDENTS

 If, and to the extent that New Jersey law applies, with respect to residents of New Jersey, the terms in Section 5 (and with respect to 5(c), insofar as any claims may arise from, or relate to, consumer protection or fraud and/or misrepresentation, or result in attorney's fees) does not limit any rights you may have as a consumer under New Jersey law and are intended to be only as broad and inclusive as permitted by the laws of the state of your residence.
Subject to the foregoing, Humble Bundle, third party providers, and their respective agents reserve all rights, defenses, and permissible limitations under New Jersey law.
Nothing in this Section shall modify the binding arbitration clause and waiver for class action and jury trial in Section 9(i).


7.
AUSTRALIA RESIDENTS

 Nothing in these Terms (including Section 5) limits, excludes or modifies any rights you may have under any law, including under the Australian Consumer Law (the "ACL") and consumer guarantees under the ACL, which may not be limited, excluded or modified by agreement (including where such exclusion, restriction or modification would be illegal or void under such law).


8.
NOTICE OF CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT

 If you are a copyright owner or agent thereof and believe that content posted on this website or through the Service infringes upon your copyright, please submit notice, pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C.
§ 512(c)) to our Copyright Agent with the following information: 
 (a) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright.
 (b) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed.
 (c) the URL of the location on our website or the Service containing the material that you claim is infringing.
 (d) your address, telephone number, and email address.
 (e) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and  (f) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

 If you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the Service in a way that constitutes copyright or trademark infringement, please notify the designated agent, Stephen Hicks, Ziff Davis, LLC at 28 East 28th Street, 11th Floor, New York, New York 10016, fax: (212) 503-5136, or by email: ZDLegal1@ziffdavis.com and insert "Terms of Use" in the subject line.
Our Copyright Agent can be reached by mail at Stephen Hicks, Ziff Davis, LLC at 28 East 28th Street, 11th Floor, New York, New York 10016, fax: (212) 503-5136, or by email at ZDLegal1@ziffdavis.com.
If sending a notice by email, please insert "Terms of Use" in the subject line.
Please note that attachments cannot be accepted at the email address for security reasons.
Accordingly, any notification of infringement submitted electronically with an attachment will not be received or processed.

 If materials you have posted on the Service have been removed due to alleged infringement of a third party's intellectual property rights, we will notify you.
If you believe your materials have been wrongly removed, you may file a counter-notification containing the following: 
 (a) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on your behalf.
 (b) a description of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and where the material was located online before it was removed or access to it was disabled.
 (c) a written statement by you that under penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
and  (d) your address, telephone number, and email address.
and  (e) a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of federal district court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which the service provider may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification under DMCA 512 subsection (c)(1)(c) or an agent of such person.

 Upon our receipt of such counter-notice, we will provide the complainant with your contact information so that you have the ability to resolve the issue.
Please note that when we forward the counter-notification, it includes your personal information.
If you are concerned about protecting your anonymity, please consult with an attorney about other options.
If the matter has been resolved or the complainant does not seek a court order within the statutory time period, we generally will re-post the material.

 Humble Bundle reserves the right to remove any materials or content alleged to be infringing without prior notice, in Humble Bundle's sole discretion, and without liability to you.

 In appropriate circumstances, we will also terminate your account if you are determined to be a repeat infringer.


Any person who knowingly misrepresents that material is infringing or that material was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to liability.


9.
OTHER LEGAL TERMS


(a) Changes. Humble Bundle reserves the right, at any time and from time to time, to update, revise, supplement, and otherwise modify these Terms and to impose new or additional rules, policies, terms, or conditions on your use of the Service or Products.
If we amend these Terms, we will post the amended version of these Terms on the Site.
If a material change is made to these Terms, then Humble Bundle will post a notice on humblebundle.com.
You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the amended Terms if you use the Service after any such change.
If you do not agree to any of these terms or any future Terms, do not use or access (or continue to access) the Service.
No Humble Bundle employee or agent has the authority to vary any of the Service's policies or these Terms governing any sale.


(b) Enforcement of These Terms. Humble Bundle reserves the right to takes steps it believes are reasonably necessary or appropriate to enforce and/or verify compliance with any part of these Terms (including but not limited to Humble Bundle's right to cooperate with any legal process relating to your use of the Service and/or Products, and/or a third party claim that your use of the Service and/or Products is unlawful and/or infringes such third party's rights).


(c) No Responsibility for Third-Party Materials or Web sites. Certain content, Products, and services available via the Service may include materials from third parties.
In addition, Humble Bundle may provide links to certain third party websites.
You acknowledge and agree that Humble Bundle is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy of any such third-party material or Web sites.
Humble Bundle does not warrant or endorse and does not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third parties.
Links to other websites are provided solely as a convenience to you.


(d) Intellectual Property Notice. You agree that the Service (along with all text, code, graphics, sounds, screen shots, video clips, data, demos and content therein) and the Products are owned by Humble Bundle and/or its licensors, contain proprietary information and intellectual property rights that are owned by Humble Bundle and/or its licensors, and are protected by applicable U.S.
and international intellectual property and other laws and conventions, including but not limited to copyright and trademark, and that you will not use such proprietary information or materials in any way whatsoever except for use of the Service in compliance with these Terms.
You agree that you will not attempt to, or encourage or assist any other person to, circumvent, reproduce, modify, reverse engineer, derive source code, disassemble, decompile, create derivative works based on, or remove any proprietary notices from any software required for use of the Service or any Product, or to violate any agreement applicable to the use of such software, without the prior written consent of Humble Bundle or its applicable licensors.
All rights to such information in and to such intellectual property rights not expressly granted to you are reserved by Humble Bundle and/or its licensors.
You shall not exploit the Service in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including but not limited to, by trespass or burdening network capacity.
All copyrights in and to the Service, including but not limited to, the Humble Bundle Store (including the compilation of content, postings, links to other Internet resources, and descriptions of those resources), and software, are owned by Humble Bundle and/or its licensors.
Humble Bundle, the Humble Bundle logo, and other Humble Bundle trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with the Service are trademarks or registered trademarks of Humble Bundle in the U.S.
and/or other countries.
Other trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with the Service may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
You are granted no right or license with respect to any of the aforesaid trademarks and any use of such trademarks.

 THE USE OF ANY PART OF THE SERVICE, EXCEPT FOR USE OF THE SERVICE AS EXPRESSLY PERMITTED IN THESE TERMS, IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED AND INFRINGES ON THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF OTHERS AND MAY SUBJECT YOU TO CIVIL AND CRIMINAL PENALTIES, INCLUDING POSSIBLE MONETARY DAMAGES, FOR INFRINGEMENT.


(e) Submissions. You may choose to, and we may invite you to, submit comments or ideas about the Service, including without limitation about how to improve the Service or our products ("Ideas").
By submitting any Idea, you agree that your disclosure is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and will not place Company under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we are free to use the Idea without any additional compensation to you, and/or to disclose the Idea on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone.
You further acknowledge that, by acceptance of your submission, Humble Bundle does not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to Humble Bundle, or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than you.


(f) Export Control. You agree to abide by U.S.
and other applicable export control laws and sanctions requirements and not to transfer, by electronic transmission or otherwise, any Product or software subject to restrictions under such laws to a national destination prohibited by such laws, without first obtaining, and then complying with, any requisite government authorization.


(g) Notices. Humble Bundle may send you notice with respect to the Service by sending an email message to the email address you provide during your purchase, or by a posting on the Service.
Notices shall become effective immediately.
Humble Bundle's main offices are located at: 
 HUMBLE BUNDLE, INC.
 160 Spear St, Suite 1000  San Francisco, CA 94105 

(h) Governing Law. The Service is controlled and operated by Humble Bundle from its offices in the United States.
These Terms shall be governed by U.S.
Federal law and the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., without regard to its conflicts of law provisions, and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the federal and state courts located in San Francisco, California, U.S.A.
in all disputes arising out of or relating to the Service.
Use of the Service is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms, including without limitation this Section.
The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.


(i) ARBITRATION NOTICE: For any claim (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) under this Agreement, the party requesting relief shall resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or through small claims courts.
If arbitration is selected, the arbitration will be governed by the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures (collectively, "JAMS Rules"), as modified by these Terms, and will be administered by JAMS.
The arbitrator is bound by these Terms.
Unless you and we agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the City and County of San Francisco, California.
If the claim being arbitrated is less than $10,000, then the party filing the arbitration may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, online, and/or be solely based on written submissions.
A hearing will be established according to the JAMS Rules for claims in excess of $10,000.

 YOU AND HUMBLE BUNDLE AGREE THAT (A) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY DISPUTE TO BE ARBITRATED ON A CLASS-ACTION BASIS OR TO UTILIZE CLASS ACTION PROCEDURES.
(B) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY DISPUTE TO BE BROUGHT IN A PURPORTED REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY OR AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL.
AND (C) NO ARBITRATION SHALL BE JOINED WITH ANY OTHER.

 You may opt out of this agreement to arbitrate.
If you opt out in accordance with this Section, neither you nor Ziff Davis can require the other to participate in an arbitration proceeding.
To opt out, you must notify Ziff Davis in writing within thirty (30) days of the date that you first became subject to this arbitration provision.
You must use this address to opt out: 
 Ziff Davis, LLC ATTN: LEGAL: Arbitration Opt Out 28 East 28th Street New York, NY 10016

 You must include your name and residence address, the email address that you use for your Humble Bundle account, and a clear statement that you want to opt out of this arbitration agreement.


(j) Third Party Beneficiaries. You acknowledge and agree that to the extent you purchase a software Product through the Service which does not have a separate end user license agreement, the licensor of that Product is a third party beneficiary with respect to these Terms with full power and authority to enforce the provisions of these Terms with regard to that licensor's Product.
Section 5 of these Terms shall apply to each licensor as if that licensor directly made those disclaimers and limitations of liability.


(k) Miscellaneous. This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Humble Bundle without restriction.
Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof shall be null and void.
The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Humble Bundle and governs your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and Humble Bundle You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content, or third-party software.
If any part of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect.
Humble Bundle's failure to enforce any right or provisions in these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such provision, or any other provision of these Terms.
Humble Bundle will not be responsible for failures to fulfill any obligations due to causes beyond its control.

  Updated September 27, 2018
 If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at Privacy@humblebundle.com and include ‘Privacy Policy’ in the subject line. If you have any questions related to Data Subject Access Rights under GDPR, you can contact us through our DSAR Portal.


Privacy Policy Overview
What Categories of Information We May Process
Sensitive Personal Information
How We Collect or Create Information
Purposes for Which We May Process Your Information
Direct Marketing
Cookies, Similar Technologies and Online Behavioral Advertising
What is the Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Information
What Information We Disclose to Third Parties
International Transfers of Information
Data Security
Data Accuracy
Data Minimization
Data Retention
What Can I Do to Control My Information?
Terms and Conditions
Contact Details
How this Privacy Policy May Change
 1.
Privacy Policy Overview Summary – Policy Overview This Policy explains how we may Process your information.
This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time, so please check it regularly for updates.
Humble Bundle, Inc., with its parents, affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “Humble Bundle”, “us”, “our” or “we”), owns, operates, or provides access to, interactive websites, mobile and connected applications, and other online interactive features and services, including, but not limited to, emails, newsletters, the Humble Widget for developers, and promotional giveaways (collectively “Services”).
This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected about you by Humble Bundle, regardless of how it is collected or stored, and describes, among other things, the types of information collected about you when you interact with the Services, how your information may be used, when your information may be disclosed, how you can control the use and disclosure of your information, and how your information is protected.
Except as otherwise noted in this Privacy Policy, Humble Bundle is a data controller (as that term is used under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)), which means that we decide how and why the information you provide to us is processed.
This Policy explains how we use the information you provide to us to be able to continue to provide the Services.
Please contact us using our DSAR Portal.
This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the Processing of your information, or changes in applicable law.
We encourage you to read this Policy carefully, and to regularly check this page to review any changes we might make.
2.
What Categories of Information We May Process Summary – Categories of Information We May Process We may Process: your personal details (e.g., your name).
demographic data (e.g., your age).
your contact details (e.g., your address).
records of your consents.
purchase details.
information about your interactions with our content or advertising.
and any views or opinions you provide to us.
We may also Process information about you from your use of our Services (e.g., the type of device you are using, the internet service provider, etc.), including your interactions with content and advertising on the Services.

“Personal Information” means information that is about any individual, or from which any individual is directly or indirectly identifiable.

“Process”, “Processing” or “Processed” means anything that is done with any Personal Information, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
We may Process the following categories of Personal Information about you:

Personal details: your name.
username or log in details.
password.
and areas or topics of interest.
Demographic information: age/date of birth.
and language preferences.
Contact details: postal address.
telephone and/or mobile number.
email address.
and your public social media handles or profile(s).
Consent records: records of any consents you may have given, together with the date and time, means of consent and any related information (e.g., the subject matter of the consent).
Purchase and payment details: records of purchases and prices.
subscription details.
how much you choose to pay and which charities you designate as recipients of your money.
invoice records.
payment records.
billing address.
payment method.
cardholder or accountholder name.
payment amount.
and payment date;
Views and opinions: any views and opinions that you or other users choose to send to us, or publicly post about us on social media platforms or in the Services.

We also collect other kinds of information from you or other sources, which we refer to as “Other Information” in this Policy, which may include but is not limited to:

Information about your use of the Services, such as usage data and statistical information, which may be aggregated.
Browsing history including the websites or other services you visited before and after interacting with the Services.
Searches for and interactions with e-commerce opportunities, such as offers contained in the Services
Non-precise information about the approximate physical location (for example, at the city or zip code level) of a user’s computer or device derived from the IP address of such computer or device (“GeoIP Data”).
Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, which is a unique string of numbers automatically assigned to your device whenever you access the Internet.
Information collected through the use of cookies, Javascript, pixel tags, and other technologies, including information collected using such methods and technologies about (i) your visits to, and interaction and engagement with, the Services, content and ads on third party websites, applications, platforms and other media channels (“Channels”), and (ii) your interaction with emails including the content and ads therein (collectively, “Online Data”).
Device type, settings and software used.
Log files, which may include IP addresses, browser type, ISP referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps and/or clickstream data, including any clicks on customized links.
Web Beacons, which are electronic files that allow a website to count users who have visited that page or to access certain cookies.
Pixel Tags, also known as clear GIFs, beacons, spotlight tags or web bugs, which are a method for passing information from the user’s computer to a third party website.
Local Shared Objects, and Local Storage, such as HTML5.
Embedded Scripts which are programming codes designed to collect information about your interactions with the Service by temporarily downloading onto your device from our web server or a third party with whom we work.
 Embedded scripts are only active while you are connected to the Service and are deleted or deactivated thereafter.
Mobile analytics to understand the functionality of our mobile applications on your phone.

Under certain circumstances and depending on applicable law, some of this Other Information may constitute Personal Information.
Personal Information together with Other Information is hereinafter referred to as “User Information”. 3.
Sensitive Personal Information Summary – Sensitive Personal Information We do not seek to collect or otherwise Process your Sensitive Personal Information.
Where we need to Process your Sensitive Personal Information for a legitimate purpose, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
The Services are not intended for use by children.
We do not collect or otherwise Process Personal Information about race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual life, any actual or alleged criminal offences or penalties, or any other information that may be deemed to be sensitive under GDPR (collectively, “Sensitive Personal Information”) in the ordinary course of our business.
Where it becomes necessary to Process Sensitive Personal Information under GDPR, we would rely on one of the following legal bases:

Compliance with applicable law: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Information where the Processing is required or permitted by applicable law;
Detection and prevention of crime: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Information where the Processing is necessary for the detection or prevention of crime (including the prevention of fraud);
Establishment, exercise or defense of legal rights: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Information where the Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal rights.
or
Consent: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Information where we have, in accordance with applicable law, obtained your prior, express consent prior to Processing your Sensitive Personal Information.


Children. The Services are not intended for use by children, especially those under 13.
No one under the age of 13 should provide any Personal Information.
Minors under the age of 18 are not permitted to make purchases through the Services or obtain coupons or codes from the Services to purchase goods or services on third party websites.
If it is discovered that we have collected Personal Information from someone under 13, we will delete that information immediately. 4.
How We Collect or Create Information Summary – Collection and Creation of Information We may collect or obtain User Information about you: directly from you (e.g., where you contact us).
in the course of our relationship with you (e.g., if you make a purchase).
when you make your Personal Information public (e.g., if you make a public post about us on social media).
when you download, install, or use any of our Services.
when you visit our Services.
when you register to use any part of the Services.
or when you interact with any third party content or advertising on the Services.
We may also receive User Information about you from third parties (e.g., social network sites).
We may also create User Information about you, such as records of your interactions with us.
Humble Bundle is not responsible for Personal Information you volunteer about yourself in public areas of the Services.
This Policy does not cover the practices of third parties who may provide information about you to Humble Bundle.

Collection of User Information: We may collect User Information about you from the following sources:

Data you provide: We may obtain your Personal Information when you provide it to us across our Services (e.g., where you sign up for emails or newsletters.
register for site membership or create a profile or account on any part of the Services.
enter a promotional giveaway.
participate in surveys.
contact us via email, telephone or by any other means.
or purchase a subscription, etc.).
Business relationship data: We may collect or obtain your Personal Information in the ordinary course of our relationship with you (e.g., if you make a purchase from us).
Data you make public: We may collect or obtain your Personal Information that you clearly choose to make public, including via social media (e.g., we may collect information from yoaur social media profile(s) if you make a public post about us).
Service data: We may collect or obtain your Personal Information when you visit, download, use or register to use any part of our Service.
Widget data: if you use the Humble Bundle widget on a third party developer’s website to purchase that developer’s game, Humble Bundle may obtain your Personal Information to process your purchase and make that purchase available to you.
In such interactions, Humble Bundle acts as a processor.
Content and advertising information: If you choose to interact with any third party content or advertising on the Channels, we may receive User Information about you from the relevant third party.
Third party information: We may collect or obtain your Personal Information from service providers and third parties who provide it to us and combine such information with information we have collected about you.
This may include channels such as social network sites or services (e.g., Facebook, Twitch, Steam, Battle.net, etc.).
We may also obtain information about purchases you make from our billing processors such as Amazon and PayPal or, if you link your Humble Bundle account to Steam, information related to your Steam account, including information about the games you own on the Service.
To the extent we combine such third party sourced information with Personal Information we have collected about you on the Service, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.

Please note that Humble Bundle is not responsible for the information you volunteer about yourself in the discussions in certain public areas of the Services or information that you choose to make public in your member profile or other areas of the Services that allow users to upload or post content.
We discourage users from posting such Personal Information in this fashion.
You can change your publicly available information at any time via your profile page.
To request removal of your Personal Information from these areas, please contact us using our DSAR Portal.
In some cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Information, in which case we will let you know we are unable to do so and why.
This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of third parties, including those that may disclose information to Humble Bundle.
We are not responsible for the accuracy of any information provided by third parties or third party policies or practices.

Creation of User Information.
We may also create User Information about you, such as records of your interactions with us and details of your purchase history, for internal administrative purposes and analysis.
We may also combine data you have provided to us with data obtained from third parties such as social networks. 5.
Purposes for Which We May Process Your Information Summary – Purposes for Which We May Process Your Information We may Process User Information for the following purposes: providing the Services to you.
communicating with you.
providing advertising to you on the Channels.
analyzing engagement with our audience.
observing user engagement and purchase activity across the Service and Channels.
marketing our services and offerings to current and prospective customers.
managing our IT systems.
financial management.
conducting surveys.
ensuring the security of our systems.
conducting investigations where necessary.
compliance with applicable law.
and improving our Services.
The purposes for which we may Process User Information, subject to applicable law, include:

Provision of the Services to You: providing the Services to you from Humble Bundle or its partners including (i) offering of promotional giveaways, (ii) processing of your payment information for your purchases or subscriptions, both on the Service as well as developer’s sites, (iii) management of your account, (iv) offering promotional and marketing information to you, and (v) customer support and relationship management.
Offering and Improving the Services: operating and managing the Services for you.
providing personalized content to you.
communicating and interacting with you via the Services.
identifying issues with the Services and planning improvements to or creating new Services.
and notifying you of changes to any of our Services.
Surveys: engaging with you for the purposes of obtaining your views on our Services.
Communications: communicating with you via any means (including via email or social media) regarding information in which you may be interested, subject to ensuring that such communications are provided to you in compliance with applicable law.
maintaining and updating your contact information where appropriate.
and obtaining your prior, opt-in consent where required.
We may provide direct marketing to you as set out in Section 6 below.
Advertising: providing advertising based on your interests and interactions with the Services and Channels, including using User Information to serve you advertisements on the Channels.
For further information, please see Section 7 below.
Audience Engagement: identification and development of audience engagement, advertising and promotional strategies on various platforms and channels, both within the Service and on Channels.
User Engagement and Purchases: tracking purchase traffic and activity across the Service and on Channels, including review of your browsing history (if available).
provision of analytics and measurement of cost of traffic against money being made.
Payment of Third Party Developer Games: handling payment processing for those who wish to purchase games from third party game developers who do not have the ability to handle such operations.
In such instances, Humble Bundle acts as a processor and passes along some Personal Information to third party developers so the developer can send users the final version of the game purchased, as well as to allow the user to store and maintain purchases in the Humble Bundle library.
Fraud Prevention: Our Service uses third party fraud prevention software designed to prevent your credit card and other Personal Information from being used in a fraudulent purchase through the Service.
This offering works by analyzing user behavior and detecting patterns that indicate fraud.
these third parties may also track your activity over time and over a network of sites.
Marketing to Customers: We may market to current and prospective customers and their employees who have indicated an interest in doing business with, or have previously conducted business with, Humble Bundle in order to further generate and promote our business.
Such efforts include sending marketing emails to drive the use of services offered by Humble Bundle.
IT Administration: administration of Humble Bundle’s information technology systems.
network and device administration.
network and device security.
implementing data security and information systems policies.
compliance audits in relation to internal policies.
identification and mitigation of fraudulent activity.
and compliance with legal requirements.
Security: electronic security measures (including monitoring of login records and access details) to help mitigate the risk of and provide the ability to identify and rectify a security incident.
Financial Management: general business and financial management purposes, including: economic, financial and administrative management.
planning and reporting.
personnel development.
sales.
accounting.
finance.
corporate audit.
and compliance with legal requirements
Investigations: detecting, investigating and preventing breaches of policy, and criminal offences, in accordance with applicable law.
Legal Proceedings: establishing, exercising and defending legal rights.
Legal Compliance: Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to release information concerning any user of Services when we have grounds to believe that the user is in violation of our Terms and Conditions or other published guidelines or has engaged in (or we have grounds to believe is engaging in) any illegal activity, and to release information in response to court and governmental orders, other requests from government entities, civil subpoenas, discovery requests and otherwise as required by law or regulatory obligations.
We also may release information about users when we believe in good faith that such release is in the interest of protecting the rights, property, safety or security of Humble Bundle, any of our users or the public, or to respond to an emergency.
 6.
Direct Marketing Summary – Direct Marketing We may Process your User Information to contact you with information regarding services that may be of interest to you.
You may unsubscribe for free at any time.
We may Process your User Information to contact you via email or other methods of communication to provide you with information regarding the Services that may be of interest to you.
We may send information to you regarding the Services, upcoming promotions and other information that may be of interest to you, using the contact details that you have provided to us and always in compliance with applicable law.
You may unsubscribe from our newsletter lists at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email we send.
We will not send you any emails from a list you have selected to be unsubscribed from, but we may continue to contact you to the extent necessary for the purposes of any other Services you have requested or for additional emails you have signed up for. 7.
Cookies, Similar Technologies and Online Behavioral Advertising Summary – Cookies, Similar Technologies and Online Behavioral Advertising We may Process your User Information by placing or reading Cookies and similar technologies on the Services and Channels.
For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.
Certain technologies enable us to assign a unique identifier to you, and relate information about your use of the Services to Other Information about you.
We and our partners also use these technologies to analyze trends.
administer the Services.
collect and store information such as user settings and anonymous browser identifiers.
supplement to our server logs and other methods of traffic and response measurement.
gather demographic information about our user base.
and to improve our understanding of traffic on the Services.
Certain third parties may collect information about you for online behavioral advertising purposes in order for you to receive relevant interest-based advertising on the Services and on other websites, platforms and media channels.
We use Online Data as well as other User Information to send you online behavioral ads we believe are more relevant to your interests.
Humble Bundle and its partners may use cookies and other tracking technologies to analyze trends, administer Services, track users’ movements around the Services and on third party sites, devices and applications, and to gather demographic information about our user base.
You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on the Services.  Please see our Cookie Policy for more information, including a more in-depth explanation of what cookies are, the different types of cookies used on the Services, and how to change or delete them.
Tracking technologies on the Services may be deployed by Humble Bundle and/or by our service providers or partners.
Certain tracking technologies enable us to assign a unique identifier to you, and relate information about your use of the Services to other information about you, including your User Information.
We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times and use such information along with offline and online information obtained from other sources (including from third parties), including, but not limited to, demographic information and updated contact information, for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you with relevant content and advertising.
When you receive email messages or newsletters from us, we may use web beacons, embedded scripts, customized links, clear GIFs or similar technologies to determine whether the email has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you with more focused email communications or other information, and/or to aggregate that information with other data we collect to use for some or all of the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
We and our partners (including but not limited to e-commerce partners, affiliates, and analytics providers) also may use technologies such as pixel tags, IP addresses, and Local Storage such as HTML5 to analyze trends.
administer the Services.
collect and store information such as user settings and anonymous browser identifiers.
supplement our server logs and other methods of traffic and response measurement.
track users’ location and movements around the Services.
gather demographic information about our user base.
and to improve our understanding of traffic on the Services and visitor behavior.
We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these third party companies on an individual and aggregated basis.
Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing Local Storage.
We may use mobile analytics software to collect data and to better understand the functionality of our mobile software, devices and applications on your phone and other devices.
This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
We may link this information to User Information.
Certain third parties may collect information about you for online behavioral advertising (“OBA”) purposes in order for you to receive relevant interest-based advertising on the Services and on other websites, platforms and media channels.
OBA is also referred to as interest-based advertising.
These third parties may use Online Data as well as other User Information to send you OBA.
For example, if you read an article about a particular subject on the Services, the third party may use cookies to later serve you an advertisement for a particular product or service related to the viewed article.
These third party vendors may connect information about pages you visit on the Services with information about pages you visit on other Channels and show you advertising based on this combined information.
These advertisements may appear when you are visiting a different section of the Services or on another Channel.
The specific providers we use for OBA are subject to change. For a list of some of the applicable providers, click here.
For more details about OBA and opting out, see Section 15 below. 8.
What is the Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Information Summary – Lawful Basis for Processing User Information We may Process your User Information where: you have given your consent.
the Processing is necessary for a contract between you and us.
the Processing is required by applicable law.
the Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of any individual.
or where we have a valid legitimate interest in the Processing.
In Processing your User Information in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy, we may rely on one or more of the following legal bases, depending on the circumstances:

Consent: We may Process your User Information where we have obtained your prior, express consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way);
Contractual necessity: We may Process your User Information where the Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you may enter into with us;
Compliance with applicable law: We may Process your User Information where the Processing is required by applicable law;
Vital interests: We may Process your User Information where the Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of any individual.
or
Legitimate interests: We may Process your User Information where we have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing, operating or promoting our business, and that legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms.
 9.
What Information We Disclose to Third Parties Summary – Disclosure of User Information to Third Parties We may disclose your User Information to: legal and regulatory authorities.
our external advisors.
parties who Process User Information on our behalf (“Processors”).
any party as necessary in connection with legal proceedings.
any party as necessary for investigating, detecting or preventing criminal offences.
any purchaser of our business.
and any third party providers of advertising, plugins or content used on the Services.
We may disclose your User Information to other entities within the Company group, for legitimate business purposes (including operating the Services, and providing services to you), in accordance with applicable law.
In addition, we may disclose your User Information to:

legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
outside professional advisors (such as accountants, auditors, or lawyers), subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality;
third party Processors (such as analytic providers.
data centers.
etc.), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements noted below in this Section 9;
any relevant party, law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal rights;
any relevant party for the purposes of prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties, including safeguarding against and the prevention of threats to public security;
any relevant third party acquirer(s), in the event that we sell or transfer all or any relevant portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation);
any relevant third party provider, where our Channels use third party advertising, plugins or content.
If you choose to interact with any such advertising, plugins or content, information about your activities on the Channels to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests may be shared with the relevant third party provider.
If you click or tap on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria;
third party developers for whom Humble Bundle processes payments for.
Humble Bundle may provide your email address to these third party developers so they may deliver the final version of the game you purchased.
any sponsors of promotional giveaways, the registration data for such events is to be used by us as part of User Information, and may be shared with the sponsor and others, subject to this Policy and the sponsor’s privacy policy.
We may also share your information with third party vendors involved in the administration of such events.
For promotional giveaways, please read the official rules or terms and conditions carefully before you submit your information.
and
to third parties whose practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy (e.g., third party providers of goods and services, marketing and advertising companies and agencies, analytics providers and retailers).

Certain functionalities on the Service permit interactions that you initiate between the Service and certain third party services (“Third Party Features”).
Examples of Third Party Features include "liking" or "sharing" content over social media platforms through our Service or linking your Humble Bundle account to a third party service such as Steam, Twitch, or Battle.net.
If you use Third Party Features, both Humble Bundle and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of our Service and the third party service.
For example, if you link your Humble Bundle account to Steam, we may receive information related to your Steam account for the duration of the linking, including information about the games you own on the Service.
Similarly, if you post information on a third party service that references our Service (e.g., by using a hashtag associated with Humble Bundle in a tweet or status update), your post may be used on or in connection with our Service or that third party service.
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the Service, nor the information or content contained therein or any information third parties obtain through your use of Third Party Features.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect.
Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our website, is subject to that website's own rules and policies.
Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
With respect to surveys, in the event that responses are publicly disclosed, users will be notified at the time they take the survey.
Otherwise we will disclose only aggregate information regarding its users’ responses in surveys to other participants in the survey.
Where surveys allow users to submit written comments, and where Humble Bundle advises users of the possibility of such disclosure at the time they take the survey, Humble Bundle reserves the right to disclose any information provided by users, provided that no User Information identifying a specific user is disclosed.
Some of our advertisers may use third party advertising service companies to serve advertisements, for OBA or otherwise, and perform related services when you interact with the Channels.
Often, these third party advertising companies employ cookies and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of website, app and email advertisements and to create a record of interaction with our content that they use in conjunction with their advertising which appears on other sites or applications, or for reporting website traffic, app use, statistics, advertisement data and/or other activities on the Services.
We also engage third party providers to assist with the segmentation of this data.
We may engage third party providers to assist with the collection, storage and segmentation of Online Data and the providers are required to maintain the confidentiality of this information.
These third party providers may collect User Information from our Services for their own purposes, such as to monitor fraud around the web.
If we engage a third-party Processor to Process your User Information, the Processor will be subject to binding contractual obligations to: (i) only Process the User Information in accordance with our prior written instructions.
and (ii) use measures to protect the confidentiality and security of the User Information.
together with any additional requirements under applicable law.
The Services contain links to other sites or partners whose information practices may be different from ours.
You should consult the privacy policy of these third parties to learn how your privacy is protected. 10.
International Transfers of Information Summary – International Transfers of Information We may transfer your Personal Information to recipients in other countries.
Humble Bundle participates in the E.U.-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework.
Where we transfer User Information from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to a recipient outside the EEA that is not in an adequate jurisdiction, we do so on the basis of standard contractual clauses.
Because of the international nature of our business, we may need to transfer your User Information within the Humble Bundle group of companies, and to third parties as noted in Section 9 above, in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy.
For this reason, we may transfer your User Information to other countries that may have different laws and data protection compliance requirements to those that apply in the country in which you are located.
Humble Bundle, Inc.
participates in and has certified its compliance with the E.U.-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework.
Humble Bundle is committed to subjecting all Personal Information received from European Union (E.U.) member countries and Switzerland, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, please visit the U.S.
Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List.
Humble Bundle is responsible for the processing of Personal Information it receives under the Privacy Shield Framework and subsequent transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Humble Bundle complies with the Privacy Shield principles for all onward transfers of Personal Information from the E.U.
and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to Personal Information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Humble Bundle is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Humble Bundle may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you are a European individual with a privacy related complaint, concern or question about Ziff Davis’ privacy practices, please contact us through our DSAR Portal and we will respond within a reasonable time after receiving your request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, European individuals may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Where we transfer your Personal Information from the EEA to recipients located outside the EEA who are not in a jurisdiction that has been formally designated by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Information, we do so on the basis of standard contractual clauses.
You may request a copy of the relevant standard contractual clauses by using our DSAR Portal.
Please note that when you transfer any Personal Information directly to a Company entity established outside the EEA, we are not responsible for that transfer of your Personal Information.
We will nevertheless Process your Personal Information, from the point at which we receive the data, in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy. 11.
Data Security Summary – Data Security We implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your User Information.
Please ensure that any Personal Information that you send to us is sent securely.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect your User Information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized access, and other unlawful or unauthorized forms of Processing, in accordance with applicable law.
In certain instances we may use Secure Sockets Layer encryption and/or transfer certain User Information in a non-human readable format to provide protection.
However, we cannot guarantee there will not be a breach, and we are not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of any third parties.
Because the internet is an open system, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although we will implement reasonable measures to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us using the internet.
Any such transmission is at your own risk and you are responsible for ensuring that any Personal Information that you send to us are sent securely. 12.
Data Accuracy Summary – Data Accuracy We take every reasonable step to ensure that your User Information is kept accurate and up-to-date and are erased or rectified if we become aware of inaccuracies.
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your User Information that we Process is accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date, and any of your User Information that we Process that you inform us is inaccurate (having regard to the purposes for which they are Processed) is erased or rectified. 13.
Data Minimization Summary – Data Minimization We take every reasonable step to limit the volume of your User Information that we Process to what is necessary.
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your User Information that we Process is limited to the User Information reasonably necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy or as required to provide you services or access to the Services. 14.
Data Retention Summary – Data Retention We take every reasonable step to ensure that your User Information is only retained for as long as they are needed.
Online Data related to OBA is kept by Humble Bundle for not more than 180 days after which it will expire, subject to certain conditions.
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your User Information is only Processed for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy.
The criteria for determining the duration for which we will keep your User Information are as follows: we will retain copies of your User Information in a form that permits identification only for as long as is necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy, unless applicable law requires a longer retention period.
Unless there is a specific legal requirement for us to keep the information, we plan to retain it for no longer than is necessary to fulfill a legitimate business need.
Except as may be set forth in this Privacy Policy, Online Data related to OBA is retained by Humble Bundle for not more than 180 days after which it shall expire.
However, the 180 day period may commence again if the same user subsequently visits or interacts with an ad, email, the Services or a Channel. 15.
What Can I Do to Control My Information? Summary – What Can I Do to Control My Information? You can directly take steps to change your preferences for newsletters and online behavioral advertising as outlined in this section.
If you are an EU resident, you may have certain rights including: the right not to provide your Personal Information to us.
the right of access to your Personal Information.
the right to request rectification of inaccuracies.
the right to request the erasure, or restriction of Processing, of your Personal Information.
the right to object to the Processing of your Personal Information.
the right to have your Personal Information transferred to another controller.
the right to withdraw consent.
and the right to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities.
We may require proof of or need to verify your identity before we can give effect to these rights.
You may directly take steps to change your preferences as follows:

Access to Your Personal Information. Upon request Humble Bundle will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information.
You may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal information by logging into your account or contacting us through our DSAR Portal.
We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.


Your Newsletter and Email Subscriptions. You can opt out or unsubscribe to a newsletter or other email list at any time by following the instructions at the end of the newsletters or emails you receive.
Please allow five to ten business days for changes to take effect.
On some parts of the Service, member service-related communications are an integral part of such Services to which you subscribe and you may continue to receive emails as part of that particular portion of the Services unless you cancel your account, even if you opt out of the newsletters or email list.
If you have provided more than one email address to us, you may continue to be contacted unless you request to unsubscribe each email address you have provided.

Push Notifications. We send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about any events or promotions that we may be running.
If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device.
Please note that your opt out is limited to the device used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions or non-promotional communications, such as those about your account, transactions, servicing or Humble Bundle’s ongoing business relations.

Mobile Applications. There are a variety of tracking technologies that may be included in mobile applications, and these are not browser-based like cookies and cannot be controlled by browser settings.
Some use device identifier, or other identifiers such as “Ad IDs” to associate app user activity to a particular app and to track user activity across apps.
You can stop all collection of information via our mobile applications by uninstalling them.
Also, you may be able to exercise specific privacy choices, such as enabling or disabling certain location-based services, by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device (which is usually located in the Settings area of your device).

Unlinking your Humble Bundle Account from Third Party Services. If you have linked your Humble Bundle account with certain third party services, such as Steam, Twitch, or Battle.net, you may unlink your accounts at any time by visiting your Humble Bundle account settings.
Please note that unlinking your accounts will not affect any information previously shared through the linking, and Humble Bundle may continue to use and share that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Humble Bundle is not responsible for any third party data practices, and we recommend that you carefully review their online policies.
Steam (which is owned and operated by Valve Corporation) has a privacy policy available here.

OBA. European Union and Swiss residents should visit the European DAA by clicking here.
Canadian residents should visit the DAA of Canada by clicking here.
U.S.
residents and residents of all other countries or territories not listed above can click here for the DAA site to learn more about the use of cookies, your opt-out choices, and more.
For information about the DAA’s opt out program for mobile apps, click here.
Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of interest-based advertising, you may continue to receive other types of ads.
Opting out only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain interest-based advertising to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks).
Humble Bundle is not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.

Cookies and Pixel Tags. You may stop or restrict cookies and pixel tags on your computer or purge cookies from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences.
However, if you “turn off,” purge, or disable cookies or pixel tags, although you may still use the Services, you may not be able to use all of the features, functions, or services available on the Services.

California Residents. In accordance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act, we may collect Personal Information about your online activities when you use the Services.
While we give our users many avenues to opt out of providing Personal Information, we do not respond to Web browsers’ “do not track” signals.
California’s “Shine the Light” law, Civil Code Section 1798.83, permits our users who are California residents to periodically request and obtain certain information about any Personal Information disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes.
If you are a California resident and wish to make such a request or if you wish for us to refrain from gathering your Personal Information, please submit your request in writing to the contact details set out in Section 17 below.

EU Residents. GDPR provides certain rights for EU residents.
You may decline to share certain information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide some of the features and functionality of the Services.
These rights include, in accordance with applicable law, the right to object to or request the restriction of processing of your information, and to request access to, rectification, erasure and portability of your own information.
Where we process your information on the basis of your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent (noting that such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of any Processing performed prior to the date on which we receive notice of such withdrawal, and does not prevent the Processing of your Personal Information in reliance upon any other available legal bases).
Requests should be submitted by contacting us using the DSAR Portal.
If you are an EU resident and have any unresolved privacy concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily after contacting us, you have the right to contact the appropriate EU Supervisory Authority and lodge a complaint. 16.
Terms and Conditions Summary – Terms and Conditions The Terms and Conditions govern your use of the Services.
For more information concerning your use of the Services, please visit the Humble Bundle Terms and Conditions, which are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy.
We recommend that you review our Terms and Conditions regularly, in order to review any changes we might make from time to time. 17.
Contact Details Summary – Contact Details You may contact us at the addresses set out below or by emailing privacy@humblebundle.com For GDPR related inquiries, please use our webform at DSAR Portal.

Humble Bundle c/o Ziff Davis Attention: Legal Department 114 Fifth Avenue, 15th Floor New York, NY 10011 
If you are an EU resident, you may contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@humblebundle.com or submit GDPR related inquiries to our DSAR Portal.
If you have any comments, questions or concerns about any of the information in this Policy, or any other issues relating to the Processing of User Information carried out by us, or on our behalf, please contact:
Humble Bundle c/o Ziff Davis Attention: Legal Department 114 Fifth Avenue, 15th Floor New York, NY 10011 privacy@humblebundle.com

Our Data Protection Officer may be contacted at dpo@humblebundle.com.
For GDPR related inquiries, please use our webform at DSAR Portal.
If we are unable to resolve your complaint directly, you may submit your complaint at no cost to you to JAMS. 18.
How this Privacy Policy May Change We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and all changes will be effective at the time we post them.
If we believe there is a significant change to this Privacy Policy or our data collection and use practices, we will indicate on our websites that our Privacy Policy has changed prior to the change becoming effective.
The then-posted version of the Privacy Policy supersedes all prior versions.
Your continued access to or use of any of the Services shall be deemed your acceptance of the Privacy Policy.

We urge you to come back to this web page and review this Privacy Policy regularly so that you remain aware of the terms and conditions that apply to you.
 