 Connect 


















 To Top 
Home
Entertainment
Life Hacks
Cute
OMG!
Innovation
Impact


Home
Entertainment
Life Hacks
Cute
OMG!
Innovation
Impact
 Terms Of Use 
Share 
Tweet 
Pin 
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE


Terms of website use

These terms of use (together with the documents referred to herein) (the “Terms“) form the terms of use on which you may make use of our website icepop2.wpengine.com (“our site”), whether as a guest or a registered user.
Use of our site includes accessing, browsing, uploading content or registering to use our site.
Please read these Terms carefully before you start to use our site, as these will apply to your use of our site.
We recommend that you print a copy of this for future reference.
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these Terms and that you agree to comply with them.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU MUST NOT USE OUR SITE.
YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO USE OUR SITE, UNLESS YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE.
By accessing or using our site you affirm that:

you can form a binding contract (i.e.
the Terms) with us.
and
you are over the age of 18.


Other applicable terms

These Terms refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:

Our Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy“), which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us.
By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.


Changes to these terms

We reserve the right to update or change these Terms at any time by posting the most current version of the Terms on this page with a new “effective date” shown as “Last Updated”.
All such changes in the Terms shall be effective from such effective date.
Your continued use of our site after we post any changes to the Terms signifies your agreement to any such changes.
If you do not agree to these Terms, you must discontinue using our site.

Changes to our site

We may update our site from time to time, and may change the content at any time.
However, please note that any of the content on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.

Accessing our site

Our site is made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted.
Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis.
We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our site without notice.
We will not be liable to you or any third party if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these Terms and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.

Using our site

When using our site, you agree to comply with the following requirements at all times:

You will comply with these Terms as well as the Privacy Policy at all times.
You will comply with any law or regulation applicable to you.
You will not use our site in a manner that is unlawful or illegal or that infringes these Terms or the Privacy Policy.
You will not interfere, attempt to interfere, or assist anyone in interfering or attempting to interfere with the proper functioning of our site.
You will not modify, attempt to modify, or assist anyone in modifying or attempting to modify any software or file that is part of our site without our permission.
You will not disrupt, disable, overburden or impair our site or the proper working of any server(s) we use to operate or support our site, or attempt to do so, or assist anyone in doing so or attempting to do so.
You will not perpetrate, try to perpetrate, or assist anyone in perpetrating or trying to perpetrate any attack on our site, be it by means of viruses, by using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, or scrapers) or by any other means.
You will not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decipher or otherwise attempt to derive, by whatever means, the source code for any underlying software or other intellectual property used to provide our site, or to obtain any information from or about our site.
You will not make improper use of the support service we may offer or submit false or misleading reports or queries.
You will not access, intercept or otherwise collect, or attempt to do so, or assist anyone in doing so or attempting to do so, by whatever means, information from or through our site.
You will not solicit, attempt to solicit or assist anyone in soliciting or attempting to solicit personal or login information from other users of our site.
You will not use our site to transmit unauthorised commercial communication or any other unauthorised communications such as spam, junk mail and other unsolicited communication to users, end users and third parties, chain letters, or any other material that promotes malware, spyware and other downloadable items.
If available, you may subscribe to our site using your e-mail address.
You agree that you will only provide your genuine e-mail address.
By providing your e-mail address, you agree and give you explicit consent that we may send you e-mail from us and our partners, from time to time, including any emails with commercial content.


End User Data and Information

Our site may collect data about the visitors (including e-mail addresses) of our site and may monitor the interaction between them and our site (“Data Collection“).
By using our site you agree to the Data Collection.
We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to:

satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request;
enforce these Terms, including investigation of potential violations of it;
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
respond to user support requests.
or
protect our, our users’ or the public’s rights, property or safety.


Intellectual property rights

The content on our site, including without limitation, the text, documents, descriptions, products, software, graphics, photos, sounds, videos, interactive features, services, User Content and any other content on our site (“Content“) and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein (“Marks“), are owned by or licensed to us.
Content on the our site is provided to you “AS IS” for your information and personal use only and may not be used, copied, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, de-compiled, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without our prior written consent.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted in and to our site.
If you download or print a copy of the Content for personal use, you must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein.
You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of our site or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content or that enforce limitations on use of our site.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Subject to these Terms, we grant you a limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive, non-assignable and revocable permission to access and make personal, non-commercial use our site, provided that:

You will not copy, distribute or modify any part of our site without our prior written authorization;
You will not send unsolicited or unauthorized advertisements, spam, chain letters, etc.;
You will not transmit any Content which contains software viruses, or other harmful computer code, files or programs;
You will not disrupt servers or networks connected to our site.
and
You comply with these Terms.

Using our site does not give you ownership of any Intellectual Property Rights in our site or the content you access.

No reliance on information

The content on our site is provided for general information only.
It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely.
You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up-to-date.
You understand that when using our site, you will be exposed to User Content from a variety of sources, and we take no responsibility and assume no liability for any User Content that you or any other user or third party posts or transmits using our site, or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party, and you agree that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you.
We do not warrant, endorse or guarantee any User Content, product, or service that appears in its users’ submission or that is featured or advertised on our site.
You understand and agree that you may be exposed to User Content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, objectionable, inappropriate for children, or otherwise unsuited to your purpose, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you may have against us with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold us, our owners, affiliates, employees, agents and/or licensors, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of our site.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, MERCHANTABLE QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
WHILE WE MAKE REASONABLE EFFORTS TO ENSURE THAT OUR SITE WILL FUNCTION AS CLAIMED, WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT OUR SITE WILL BE FREE OF BUGS, SECURITY BREACHES, VIRUS ATTACKS AND THE LIKE, OR THAT IT WILL ALWAYS BE AVAILABLE.
IN ADDITION, YOU AGREE THAT WE WILL NOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENCES TO USERS THAT MAY RESULT FROM TECHNICAL PROBLEMS OF THE INTERNET, SLOW CONNECTIONS, TRAFFIC CONGESTION OR OVERLOAD OF OUR OR OTHER SERVERS, ETC.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN OUR PRIVACY POLICY, WE DO NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE SECURITY OF ANY INFORMATION YOU MAY PROVIDE OR ACTIVITIES YOU ENGAGE IN DURING THE COURSE OF YOUR USE OF OUR SITE.
YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR INTERACTION WITH OTHER USERS.
IF YOU HAVE A DISPUTE WITH ANY OTHER USER OF OUR SITE, YOU AGREE THAT WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIMS OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR CONNECTED WITH SUCH A DISPUTE.
WE RESERVE THE RIGHT, BUT HAVE NO OBLIGATION, TO MONITOR ANY SUCH DISPUTE BETWEEN TWO OR MORE USERS, ARISING OUT OF THEIR USE OF OUR SITE.

Limitation of our liability

To the fullest extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our site or any content on it, whether express or implied.
We, our affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, licensors, assigns and agents will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:

use of, or inability to use, our site.
or
use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
business interruption;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation.
or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.

Please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use.
You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on our site.
Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE, OUR AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS, ASSIGNS AND AGENTS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF MONEY, GOODWILL, REPUTATION, DATA, INTANGIBLE LOSSES, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THAT RESULT FROM (I) THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, OUR SITE.
(II) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON OUR SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES.
OR (III) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT.
EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES.
You expressly acknowledge and agree that:

use of our site is at your sole risk;
the services in connection with our site are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis, without warranties of any kind, either express or implied;
we have no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: (i) which users gain access to our site.
(ii) what effects the content may have on you or third parties.
(iii) how you may interpret or use our site.
or (iv) what actions you or any third party may take as a result of having been exposed to our site;
our site may direct you to websites containing information that may be offensive or inappropriate and we make no representations concerning any such content and is not responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of any such content;
to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable law, we shall not be liable for any damages or injury whatsoever caused by or related to use of, or inability to use, our site under any cause or action whatsoever of any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, actions for breach of warranty, breach of contract or tort (including negligence) and that we shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages in any way whatsoever arising out of the use of, or inability to use, our site;
you further specifically acknowledge that we are not liable, and you agree not to seek to hold us liable, for the conduct of third parties, including other users of our site, end users and operators of external sites, and that the risk of our site and external sites and of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with you;
your sole and exclusive remedy for any dispute with us is to stop using our site.
and
some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for certain types of damages, therefore, some of the above limitations in the section may not apply to you.


Indemnity

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses including, without limitation, legal fees and disbursements resulting, directly or indirectly, from our site or your: (a) breach of these Terms.
(b) access, use or inability to access or use our site.
(c) breach of any third party rights (or any end user rights), including without limitation, any copyright, proprietary, or privacy right.
or (d) breach of any law or regulation.

Uploading content to our site

The platform in our site enables you and other users of our site to post content and upload user content (including without limitation information, data, notes, text, documents, files, messages, signs, symbols, icons, images, photos, drawings, animation, graphics, charts, designs, scripts, code, audio, video, clips, comments, software, links, and other materials).
Anything that you or other users upload or post or otherwise make available on our site is referred to as “User Content“.
Any content you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our site, or to make contact with other users of our site, you must comply with these Terms.
You warrant that any such contribution of User Content does comply with the Terms, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their Intellectual Property Rights, or of their right to privacy.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any content posted by you or any other user of our site.
We have the right to remove any posting you make on our site if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards as determined by us, from time to time.
You may request the deletion of the User Content that you uploaded to our site at any time, unless you have shared information or content with others and they have not deleted it, or it was copied or stored by other users.
When you upload or otherwise submit User Content to our site, you hereby give us (and our successors, and those we work with) a nonexclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual, unlimited, assignable, sublicenseable, fully paid up and royalty-free right to host, store, reproduce, copy, remove, retain, add, process, analyze, modify, create derivative works, improve, communicate, publish, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute, use and commercialize such User Content, in any way now known or in the future discovered, without any further consent, notice and/or compensation to you or to any third parties.
You further waive any moral rights in your User Content, to the extent permitted by law.
You also hereby grant each user of our site or other viewer of the User Content a non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Content.
This license will survive these Terms and continue even if you stop using our site.
Nothing in these Terms shall restrict other legal rights we may have to User Content (for example under other licenses).
We have the right – but not the obligation – in our sole discretion and without further notice to you, to monitor, censor, edit, modify, delete, and/or remove any and all Content posted on our site (including User Content) at any time and for any reason.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right – but not the obligation – to delete any User Content that we believe, in our sole discretion, does or may violate these Terms, our policies or any law.
These rights do not necessarily mean that we review content, so please don’t assume that we do.
Any information you upload or otherwise submit to our site is at your own risk of loss.
You shall be solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing them.
By uploading or otherwise submitting User Content to our Site, you represent and warrant that:

you are entitled to upload or submit the User Content;
you own or have the necessary rights and permissions to use and authorize us to use all Intellectual Property Rights in and to any of your User Content, and to enable inclusion and use thereof on our site, as contemplated by these Terms;
such User Content is accurate, not confidential, and not in violation of any contractual restrictions or other third party rights.

“Intellectual Property Rights” means any and all rights, titles and interests, whether foreign or domestic, in and to any and all trade secrets, patents, copyrights, service marks, trademarks, know-how, or similar intellectual property rights, as well as any and all moral rights, rights of privacy, publicity and similar rights of any type under the laws or regulations of any governmental, regulatory, or judicial authority, foreign or domestic.
It is your responsibility to keep your User Content accurate and updated.
AS A CONDITION TO USING OUR SITE, AND AS A CONDITION TO UPLOADING OR OTHERWISE SUBMITTING USER CONTENT TO OUR SITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND TO STRICTLY OBSERVE THE FOLLOWING:
You will not display, post, submit, publish, upload, transmit, send, or otherwise make available or initiate any User Content that:

falsely states, impersonates other person or misrepresents any identity;
is unfair or deceptive under the consumer protection laws of any jurisdiction, including chain letters and pyramid schemes;
is copyrighted, protected by trade secret, patent, trademark, or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights;
includes information that you do not have the right to disclose or make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships;
creates a risk to a person’s safety or health, creates a risk to public safety or health, compromises national security, or interferes with an investigation by law enforcement;
promotes illegal drugs, escort services or prostitution, or violates export control laws, relates to illegal gambling, or illegal arms trafficking;
Includes any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation;
is unlawful, defamatory, libelous, abusive, obscene, discriminatory, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, gives rise to civil liability, violates any law, or is otherwise objectionable or inappropriate;
contains software viruses, worms, or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment of ours or of any user of our site or of any third party;
involves theft, money laundering or terrorism;
forges or manipulates identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any User Content or other communication transmitted through our site.
or
is otherwise malicious or fraudulent.

THE VIEWS EXPRESSED BY OTHER USERS ON OUR SITE DO NOT REPRESENT OUR VIEWS OR VALUES.
We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any User Content (whether published or not) or any other information as we reasonably believe is necessary to:

satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request;
enforce these Terms, including investigation of potential violations of it;
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
respond to user support requests.
or
protect our, our users’ or the public’s rights, property or safety.


Viruses

We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our site.
You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site.
You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them.
In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.

Copyright Policy

 
We are deeply committed to safeguard the intellectual property rights of others, and expect our Users to do the same.
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, we will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using Our SIte that are reported to Novelty’s Designated Copyright Agent, identified in the sample notice below.

 


Submit a Notice

If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of one, and you believe in good faith that any material or content made available on or through Our Site has been used or exploited in a manner that infringes or violates any work or other intellectual property you own or control, please report the alleged copyright infringements taking place by completing the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement (“Notice“) and delivering it to Novelty’s Designated Copyright Agent.
Upon receipt of the Notice as described below, we will take whatever action, in our sole discretion, as we deem appropriate, including removal of the challenged material from Our Site.
 
You can submit a Notice by:

Providing the following information to our Designated Copyright Agent:
Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or – if multiple copyrighted works are covered by this Notice – you may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.
Identify:
the material that you claim is infringing (or to be the subject of infringing activity) and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link(s) shown on Our Site where such material may be found.
and
the reference or link, to the material or activity that you claim to be infringing, that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate that reference or link, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link(s) shown on Our Site where such reference or link may be found.
Provide your contact details – mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.
Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice:

“I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material or reference or link to such material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use).”
“I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed.”

Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.

 
Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to Novelty’s Designated Copyright Agent:

Via email: legal@novelty.media

Via postal address: Habarzel 1, Tel Aviv, Israel
 
Upon receipt of a valid Notice, our policy is to remove or disable access to any content or material that we believe in good faith is infringing or violating the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of any third party, and to notify the alleged infringer that we have removed or disabled access to such content or material.
We will use our best commercial efforts to remove or disable access to such content, however we cannot guarantee that it will be removed or disabled.
In addition, we reserve the right to remove or disable access to any content or material posted, uploaded, published or incorporated in or to Our Site by repeated infringers.
 

What if I received a Notice?

If you receive a Notice it means that certain content that you have uploaded to Our Site has been deleted from Our Site at the request of the content’s owner or authorized licensee.
If you want us to forward the information from the Notice, please email us at legal@novelty.media  to let us know.
 
If you believe in good faith that the content was removed in error, you have the option to file a counter-notice (“Counter Notice“) by following the steps below.
 
You Counter Notice should include all of the following:

Your name, address, and telephone number.
DMCA ID printed at the bottom of the notification email.
The source address of the content that was removed (copy and paste the link in the Counter Notice).
A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed in error.
A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Novelty is located, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided the original complaint or an agent of such person.
Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.

 
Please email your Counter Notice to legal@novelty.media
 
If a proper Counter Notice is received by us, we may send a copy thereof to the original complaining party and inform him/her that that Novelty may replace the removed material or cease disabling access to it in ten (10) business days.
Unless Novelty first receives notice from the copyright owner of the allegedly infringed work(s) or his/her agent that such person has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the alleged infringer from engaging in infringing activity relating to the referenced material on Our Site, Novelty may, at its sole discretion, replace such material and cease disabling access to it within ten (10) business days or more following receipt of the Notice, at our discretion.
 

Be truthful

Please note that when you provide us a Notice or a Counter Notice, we are relying on the information that you have provided us.
Any person who knowingly misrepresents that the material or activity is infringing, shall be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred to the alleged infringer, to any copyright owner, copyright owner’s authorized licensee or to Novelty, who is injured by such misrepresentation.
Please remember that there are legal and financial consequences for fraudulent or bad faith submissions.
Before submitting a Notice or a Counter Notice, be sure that you are the actual rights’ holder of the content or that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed in error, and understand the repercussions of submitting a false claim.
 

Linking to our site

You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
If you wish to make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact legal@novelty.media .
Third party links and resources in our site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.

Assignment

These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by us without restriction or notification to you.
Applicable law
Please note that these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation, are governed by Israeli law.
We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the competent courts in Israel.

Contact us

To contact us, please email legal@novelty.media
Thank you for visiting our site.
Last Updated: March 2018















 Useful links
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
About Us
Contact Us
Best categories 
OMG!
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFE
HUMOR

Copyright © 2018 Novelty Magazines
 &lt;img height="1" width="1" class="display-none" src="https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=1547680581965422&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1" /&gt.
&lt;img src="https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/spp.pl?a=10000&amp;.yp=10013228"/&gt.
&lt;div style="display:none;"&gt.
&lt;img src="//pixel.quantserve.com/pixel/p-XVk6Htm3askVa.gif" border="0" height="1" width="1" alt="Quantcast"/&gt.
&lt;/div&gt.
  Connect 


















 To Top 
Home
Entertainment
Life Hacks
Cute
OMG!
Innovation
Impact


Home
Entertainment
Life Hacks
Cute
OMG!
Innovation
Impact
 Privacy Policy 
Share 
Tweet 
Pin 
NOVELTY MAGAZINES LTD.
PRIVACY POLICY


 

The Novelty Magazines Ltd.
Privacy Policy was last updated on July 24, 2018.
We, Novelty Magazines Ltd.
and our corporate affiliates (“Novelty“, “we” or “us“), are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
We believe in transparency and want you to feel comfortable using our platform, and we are committed to being upfront about our privacy practices.




Important information and who we are


Purpose of This Privacy Policy 




This Privacy Policy (“Policy“) explains which information we collect from you, when you (“you” or “your“, the user of our Services) access and use our websites (including www.icepop.com) (the “Site“), as well as our platforms, widgets, analytics tools, and other technical applications that we may provide either through our Sites or through third-party websites  or other products and services provided by us (which, together, are referred to as the “Services“), will be processed by us, and how we use such information and protect it.
The Policy also wishes to make sure that you are aware of the options available to you when you access and use our Services.


Contact Details 


If you have any questions or concerns about Novelty’s Privacy Policy or data processing or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of local privacy laws, please contact us at:
Novelty Magazines Ltd.
Email address: Contact@novelty.media
Postal address: 1 Habarzel Street, Tel Aviv, Israel 69710.
Telephone number: 972-36209614
If you are an EU resident, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the relevant supervisory authority.
We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach such authority, so please contact us in the first instance.


Third-Party Links 


This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications.
Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you.
We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy policies and practices.
When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.


The information we collect and process from your use of the Services.


When you use or interact with our Services, we automatically collect (by cookies, web beacons and similar technologies) certain information, such as: (a) anonymous encrypted code representing your Internet protocol (IP) address or your device identifier (if using a mobile device) and being used as a persistent identifier, anonymous login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and version, device information.
as well as (b) information about a user’s visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time).
products a visitor viewed or searched for, the frequency and scope of the respective use of the Services, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), the content viewed (including advertisements clicked on) and pages visited, and cookie data.



As such, the information we collect cannot be used by us to specifically identify you.
Our Services do not collect any personal information, i.e.
information about a natural person such as name, address, email address, phone number, or other identifier that permits direct or indirect identification of a specific individual.
To the extent required, the legal grounds for collecting, processing and using your information is your consent, which you may withdraw.
In addition, when you engage with advertisements that are displayed on the Services, Novelty, third party advertisers and data service providers may use industry-wide tracking methods (e.g., cookies, web beacons, etc.) which store certain information (“Methods”) and which allow us or such third parties to collect certain data for the purpose of serving advertisements through the use of the Novelty Services (including without limitation, serving advertisements that may be of interest to you).
The Methods may store non-personal information as well as a persistent identifier.
In such case, you will be subject to such third-party advertisers’ privacy policy.
Please note, however, that we do not control such third-party advertisers or service providers, i.e.
the third-party advertisers or service providers solely determine the purposes and means of the processing of personal data and are thus data controllers.
We generally do not have any access to the information so collected.
To learn more about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
You may delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings.
The “Help” function in the toolbar of most browsers should indicate how you can set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies or to disable cookies entirely.
However, if you refuse to accept cookies, you won’t be able to access and take advantage of many features of our Services properly.


Collaboration with Google and other Third-Party Ad Networks.



We may collaborate with Google or other third party vendors or advertising networks as business partners.
Google uses cookies to help serve the ads it displays on the websites of its partners, such as websites displaying Google ads or participating in Google certified ad networks.
When users visit a Google partner’s website, a cookie may be dropped on that end user’s browser.

Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our website or other websites.
Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on you visit to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings.
Alternatively, you can opt out of some third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting info.

Please be advised that the cookies of other third-party vendors or ad networks may also be used to serve ads on our website, and therefore, please be informed as follows:

Third-party vendors and ad networks may serve ads on our site.
You may opt out of personalized advertising from such third-party vendors and ad networks under the following link: http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2#!/ 
Alternatively, you can opt out of some third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting info.



Information collected by third parties
.
The third parties that display advertisements on our site may use tracking technologies, such as cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements.
Unless expressly stated otherwise, our website does not provide personal information to these third parties.
This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness.
Some of these third party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers end users a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies (www.networkadvertising.org).
We also collect, use, and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose.
Aggregated data is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
For example, we may aggregate usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature.


How we use the information we collect and store


We respect your privacy.
As explained above, Novelty does not collect any personal data or information that can identify you.
We generally use the information that we collect and process to provide and improve our services and products, for targeted online and offline marketing, and for general research and aggregate reporting.
We use the information that we collect in order to:

deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you;
communicate back to you;
provide and monetize our website.
to deliver content or advertising.
to perform market research or measure Website usage.
and to analyse traffic counts, your interests and website performance;
to perform network communications, to administer our site and to support internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes and as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
for maintaining and analysing the function of the Services’ features and offerings, advertisements, and e-mail communications, and to improve them when necessary.
Respond and handle your questions and requests.
In such cases, we do not store any contact information.

 


DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES


We value your privacy and will not share information except with the parties set out below for the purposes indicated in the following instances:


With our affiliates. This relates to companies that are legally part of the same group of companies that we are part of, or that become part of that group.
Currently our affiliates are based in Israel and in the USA.

Third-Party Service Professional and legal advisers acting as processors including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the USA and Israel who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services or who conduct general business analyses, and who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.


 We may make use of third party service providers in the course of collecting, storing and/or processing information we collect from and receive about you in order to to deliver content or advertising.
to perform market research or measure website usage.
and to analyze traffic counts, your interests and website performance.
For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our website and the most popular features or services accessed.
This information does not contain any personal information and may be used to develop website content and services that we hope you and other users will find interesting and to customize content and advertising.
We may disclose information that we collect (i) as a response to a legal request (such as a court order, search warrant, or subpoena) if we believe that we are required to do so by applicable law.
or (ii) when we believe that such disclosure or use is necessary in order to: reveal, prevent and address fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other illegal activities.
enforce this Policy or our Terms of Use, including in order to investigate potential breaches.
protect our rights, property or safety, or those of our users or from members of the public from harm, as required or permitted by law.
and prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them.
If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use the information we collect in the same way as set out in this Policy.
We use commercially reasonable efforts to engage with third-party service providers that post a privacy policy governing their collection, processing and use of non-personal and personal information.
Please note, however, that we do not control such third party service providers, i.e.
the third party service providers solely determine the purposes and means of the processing of personal data and are thus data controllers.



Transfers of Data


Please be aware that we may transfer your information, to Israel, the European Union and other countries through certain third parties that we use to operate and manage the Site and Services, including Amazon Web Services (AWS) or Google Cloud Services.


Data Retention


We retain aggregated or anonymous data, which cannot identify an individual or device and is used for purposes of reporting and analysis, for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.


How do We Secure Your Information? 


We consider data security a top priority and we do our best to keep your information secure.
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
Such measures include:

Encrypting many of our services using SSL.
Employing firewalls and intrusion detection systems.
Practicing administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect the information you provide us.

Please keep in mind that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
As a result, although we strive to protect your information, we cannot promise or guarantee that such information will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “Contact Us” section above.          



Protection of Children’s Privacy 


We are concerned about the privacy and safety of children when they use the internet.
Our Services are not directed to children under sixteen (16).
We will never knowingly request personally identifiable information online from anyone under the age of 16 without prior verifiable parental consent.
Our Services are general audience sites and are not targeted to or intended for use by children.
However, if we learn that we have received information from a child under the age of 16 without parental consent, we will delete that information from our database.


Your Legal Rights


If you reside in the European Union, you have certain rights under European Data Protection Law with regard to your personal data.
You have the right to:


Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”).
This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.

Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you.
This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.

Request erasure of your personal data.
This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.
You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law.
Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which, if applicable, will be notified to you at the time of your request.

Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms.
You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.

Request restriction of processing of your personal data.
This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy.
(b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
(c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.

Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party.
We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.

Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data.
However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.
If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you.
We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.

If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us under: contact@novelty.media.

You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights).
However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights).
This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests.
In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.

If you do not reside in the European Union but you believe that you have a right to restriction of processing or a right to object to processing under your local laws, please contact Novelty at contact@novelty.media     



Changes to Our Privacy Policy


Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
To the extent permitted by law, your continued use of our Services following the posting of changes to this Policy or providing notice to you, whichever occurs first, means that you accept those changes.


General


If any provision of this Policy is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Policy, which shall remain in full force and effect, provided, however, that in such event this Policy shall be interpreted so as to give effect, to the greatest extent consistent with, and permitted by, applicable law, to the meaning and intention of the excluded provision as determined by such court of competent jurisdiction.            



Governing Law and Jurisdiction


This Policy shall be governed by the laws of the State of Israel, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
We each agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in California, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.


Note to International Users


We are a private company incorporated under the laws of Israel.
If you are located elsewhere, the information you provide to us or that we collect will be transferred to Israel and the USA and governed by applicable laws and regulations and this Privacy Policy.
Some of this information may be transferred to, processed and stored by our service providers in other countries.
Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which we have disclosed personal information during the preceding year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
If you are an Israeli resident and want a list, you should send a request to: contact@novelty.media or, contact us at:1 Habarzel Street, Tel Aviv, Israel 69710
ATTN: Lirit Belisha, Chief Finance Officer
You need to provide the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field of your e-mail or on the envelope or post card and in the actual request.
For all requests, please include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code.
We will not accept requests via telephone or by facsimile.
We are not responsible for notices that are not labelled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.















 Useful links
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
About Us
Contact Us
Best categories 
OMG!
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFE
HUMOR

Copyright © 2018 Novelty Magazines
 &lt;img height="1" width="1" class="display-none" src="https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=1547680581965422&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1" /&gt.
&lt;img src="https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/spp.pl?a=10000&amp;.yp=10013228"/&gt.
&lt;div style="display:none;"&gt.
&lt;img src="//pixel.quantserve.com/pixel/p-XVk6Htm3askVa.gif" border="0" height="1" width="1" alt="Quantcast"/&gt.
&lt;/div&gt.
