 IMDb Conditions of Use

Welcome to IMDb.
IMDb.com, Inc.
and/or its affiliates ("IMDb") provide its website features and other services to you subject to the following conditions.
If you visit IMDb.com, use other IMDb services, products, or use software or mobile applications provided by IMDb that states that it is subject to these Conditions of Use (collectively “IMDb Services”), you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully.
In addition, when you use any current, future IMDb Services, (e.g., IMDbPro.com) you also will be subject to the guidelines, terms and agreements (“Terms”) applicable to that IMDb Service.
If these Conditions of Use are inconsistent with the Terms provided for any IMDb service, the Terms will control. Privacy
Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your use of any IMDb Service, to understand our practices. Electronic Communications
When you use any IMDb Service or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically.
You consent to receive communications from us electronically.
We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site or through the other IMDb Services.
You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. Copyright All content included on this site in or made available through any IMDb Service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, video clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of IMDb or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
The compilation of all content included in or made available through any IMDb Service is the exclusive property of IMDb and protected by U.S.
and international copyright laws.
All software used in any IMDb Service is the property of IMDb or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. Trademarks IMDb and STARMETER are registered trademarks, and the IMDb logo, IMDbPRO, MOVIEMETER, and other marks indicated in any IMDb Services are trademarks of IMDb in the United States and/or other countries.
Other IMDb graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks or trade dress of IMDb.
IMDb's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not IMDb's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits IMDb.
All other trademarks not owned by IMDb that appear on this site or in any IMDb Service are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by IMDb.
 License and Site Access Subject to your compliance with these Conditions of Use and your payment of any applicable fees, IMDb or its content providers grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the IMDb Services, including digital content available through the IMDb Services, and not to download (other than page caching) or modify this site, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of IMDb.
Additional license terms may be found in the Terms.
The IMDb Services or any portion of such services may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of IMDb.
This license does not include any resale or commercial use of any IMDb Service or its contents or any derivative use of this site or its contents.
All licenses are non-exclusive and all rights not expressly granted to you in these Conditions of Use or any applicable Terms are reserved and retained by IMDb or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rightsholders, or other content providers.
You will use all IMDb Services in compliance with all applicable laws.

Robots and Screen Scraping: You may not use data mining, robots, screen scraping, or similar data gathering and extraction tools on this site, except with our express written consent as noted below.


Framing: You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of IMDb without express written consent.

Meta Tags: You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing IMDb's name or trademarks without the express written consent of IMDb.
Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by IMDb.

Licensing IMDb Content.
Consent to Use Robots and Crawlers:
If you are interested in receiving our express written permission to use IMDb content for your non-personal (including commercial) use, please visit our Content Licensing section or contact our Licensing Department.
We do allow the limited use of robots and crawlers, such as those from certain search engines, with our express written consent.
If you are interested in receiving our express written permission to use robots or crawlers on our site, please contact our Licensing Department.


Linking to IMDb.com: You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to IMDb.com so long as the link follows our linking guide and does not portray IMDb, its services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter.
You may not use any IMDb logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission except as outlined in our help section. Your Account
If you use any IMDb Service, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of log-in information and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
IMDb reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, or remove or edit content in its sole discretion.
Reviews, Comments, Communications, and Other Content
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content.
and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of your content.
IMDb reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content.

Your License to IMDb: If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant IMDb a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media.
You grant IMDb and its sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose.
You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post.
that the content is accurate.
that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity.
and that you will indemnify IMDb for all claims resulting from content you supply.
IMDb has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content.
IMDb takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
If you would like to learn more about how we handle content that you submit, please review our Privacy Notice. IMDb Freedive By viewing content on IMDb Freedive, you agree to the Amazon Prime Video Terms of Use. Copyright Complaints
IMDb respects the intellectual property of others.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide IMDb's copyright agent the written information specified below.
Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying IMDb and its affiliates that your copyrighted material has been infringed.

An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
IMDb's Copyright Agent for notice of copyright infringement on it site can be reached as follows:

IMDb Copyright Agent
c/o Amazon.com Legal Department
P.O.
Box 81226
Seattle, WA 98108-1226
phone (206) 266-4064
fax (206) 266-7010
email: copyright@imdb.com



In appropriate circumstances, IMDb will terminate the accounts of account holders who are repeat infringers. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability 
THE IMDB SERVICES AND ALL INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) AND OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE IMDB SERVICES ARE PROVIDED BY IMDB ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
IMDB MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE IMDB SERVICES OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE IMDB SERVICES.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE IMDB SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
IMDB RESERVES THE RIGHT TO WITHDRAW ANY IMDB SERVICE OR DELETE ANY INFORMATION FROM THE IMDB SERVICES AT ANY TIME IN ITS DISCRETION.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, IMDB DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
IMDB DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE IMDB SERVICES, INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE IMDB SERVICES, ITS SERVERS, OR ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS SENT FROM IMDB ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
IMDB WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF ANY IMDB SERVICE, OR FROM ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH ANY IMDB SERVICE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES.
IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.


IMDb Software Terms
In addition to these Conditions of Use, the terms found here apply to any software (including any updates or upgrades to the software and any related documentation) that we make available to you from time to time for your use in connection with IMDb Services (“IMDb Software”).
If we provide specific Terms for the IMDb Software and there is a conflict between the specific Terms for the IMDb Software and these Conditions of Use, the specific Terms for the IMDb Software will govern.
Applicable Law By using any IMDb Service, you agree that the laws of the state of Washington, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and IMDb.
 Disputes Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of any IMDb Service, or any products or services sold or distributed by IMDb or through the IMDb Services will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify.
The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement.

a. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited.
However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these Conditions of Use as a court would.


b. To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent Corporation Service Company, 300 Deschutes Way SW, Suite 304, Tumwater, WA 98051.
The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, including the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes.
The AAA’s rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA’s rules.
We will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.
Likewise, IMDb will not seek attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.
You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.



c. You and IMDb each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action.
If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration you and IMDb each waive any right to a jury trial.
You and IMDb also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights.
 Site Policies, Modification, and Severability
Please review our other policies.
These policies also govern your use of IMDb Services.
We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these our site, policies, Terms, and these Conditions of Use at any time.
If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
 Our Address

IMDb.com, Inc.
P.O.
Box 81226
Seattle, WA 98108-1226
http://www.imdb.com/





 Additional IMDb Software Terms



Use of the IMDb Software.
You may use the IMDb Software only in connection with the IMDb Services.
You may not separate any individual component of the IMDb Software for use other than in connection with the IMDb Services, incorporate any portion of it into your own programs or compile any portion of it in combination with your own programs, transfer it for use with another service, use it, or any portion of it, over a network, or sell, rent, lease, lend, loan, distribute or sub-license the IMDb Software or otherwise assign any rights to the IMDb Software in whole or in part.
You may not use the IMDb Software for any illegal purpose.
We may discontinue some or all of any IMDb Software we provide, and we may terminate your right to use any IMDb Software at any time and in such event may modify it to make it inoperable.
Your rights to use the IMDb Software will automatically terminate without notice from us if you fail to comply with any of these terms.
Additional third party terms contained within or distributed with certain IMDb Software that are specifically identified in related documentation may apply to that IMDb Software and will govern the use of that IMDb Software in the event of a conflict with these Conditions of Use.


Use of Third Party Services.
When you use the IMDb Software, you may also be using the services of one or more third parties, such as a wireless carrier or a mobile platform provider.
Your use of these third party services may be subject to the separate policies, terms of use, and fees of these third parties.


No Reverse Engineering.
You may not, and you will not encourage, assist or authorize any other person to modify, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, or otherwise tamper with, the IMDb Software, whether in whole or in part, or create any derivative works from or of the IMDb Software.


Updates.
In order to keep the IMDb Software up-to-date, we may offer automatic or manual updates at any time and without notice to you.


Export Regulations.
Government End Users.
You must comply with all export and re-export restrictions and regulations of the Department of Commerce and other United States agencies and authorities that may apply to the IMDb Software.
If you are a U.S.
Government end user, we are licensing the IMDb Software to you as a "Commercial Item" as that term is defined in the U.S.
Code of Federal Regulations (see 48 C.F.R.
§ 2.101), and the rights we grant you to the IMDb Software are the same as the rights we grant to all others under these Conditions of Use.


  IMDb Privacy Notice

Last Updated, February 8, 2018.
To see what has changed click here.

IMDb knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.
By visiting IMDb, or by visiting other properties operated by IMDb such as IMDbPro, Withoutabox, Box Office Mojo, and DPReview.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.


What Personal Information About Users Does IMDb Gather?

The information we learn from users helps us personalize and continually improve your experience at IMDb.
Here are the types of information we gather.



Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way.
Click here to see examples of what we collect.
You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future browsing for you, improving our site, and communicating with you.


Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us.
For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses IMDb or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of IMDb on other Web sites.
Click here to see examples of the information we receive.


E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from IMDb if your computer supports such capabilities.
We also compare our user list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our users.
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please use our User Administration pages to adjust your preferences.


 Mobile: When you download or use apps created by IMDb, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device.
We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, local show times, search results, and other personalized content.
Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services.
For more information about how to do this, click here.

Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
Click here to see examples of the information we receive.


What About Cookies?


Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as Watchlist, local show times, and browsing preferences.

The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer.
However, because cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of IMDb's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.

We use web beacons (also known as “action tags” or “single-pixel gifs”) and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of certain site features and to conduct research and analysis.
We also allow third parties to place web beacons and other technologies on our site to conduct research and analysis, but we do not provide personal information to such third parties.


Does IMDb Share the Information It Receives?

Information about our users is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others.
We share user information with our parent corporation (Amazon.com, Inc.), the subsidiaries it controls, and as described below.



Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We work closely with our affiliated businesses.
In some cases, we will include offerings from these businesses on IMDb.
In other cases, we may include joint offerings from IMDb and these businesses on IMDb.
You can tell when another business is involved in the offering, and we share user information related to those offerings with that business.


Agents: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf.
Examples include sending e-mail, removing repetitive information from user lists, analyzing data, and providing marketing assistance.
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.


Promotional Offers: Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of IMDb users on behalf of other businesses.
When we do this, we do not give that business your name and e-mail address.
If you do not want to receive such offers, please use our User Administration pages to adjust your preferences.


Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy additional services or business units.
In such transactions, user information generally is transferred along with the rest of the service or business unit.
Also, in the event that IMDb.com, Inc., or substantially all of its assets are acquired, user information will of course be included in the transaction.


Protection of IMDb and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law.
enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions of Use and other agreements.
or protect the rights, property, or safety of IMDb, our users, or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.

With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will always receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.


What About Third-Party Advertisers?

Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other websites.
We do not provide any personally identifiable customer information to these advertisers or third-party websites.

These third-party websites and advertisers, or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf, sometimes use technology to send (or "serve") the advertisements that appear on our website directly to your browser.
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens.
They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content.
We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites are not covered by this Privacy Notice.
Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices.
In addition, the Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about Internet advertising companies (also called "ad networks" or "network advertisers"), including information about how to opt-out of their information collection.

IMDb also displays personalized third-party advertising based on personal information about users, such as information you submit to us about movies you own or have watched.&nbsp.
Click here for more information about the personal information that we gather.
Although IMDb does not provide any personal information to advertisers, advertisers (including ad-serving companies) may assume that users who interact with or click on a personalized advertisement meet their criteria to personalize the ad (for example, users in the northwestern United States who bought, watched, or browsed for romantic comedies).
If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you, please adjust your Advertising Preferences.

How Secure Is Information About Me?

If you use our subscription service, we work to protect the security of your subscription information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.

It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.
Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.

What Choices and Access Do I Have?


As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to take advantage of such IMDb features as My Movies and local show times.

You can add or update certain information, such as your e-mail address, by using our User Administration pages.
When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.

If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please use our User Administration pages to adjust your preferences.
(If you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Notice, those notices will still govern your use of IMDb, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.) 
If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you, please adjust your Advertising Preferences.
The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer.
However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of IMDb's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.



Children

IMDb is not intended for use by children under the age of 13.
If you are under 13, you may not submit information about yourself to IMDb.


Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions

If you choose to visit IMDb, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms and Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington.
 If you have any concern about privacy at IMDb, please send us a thorough description to our customer service team, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly.
This Notice and the Terms and Conditions of Use will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use.
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes.
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.&nbsp.
We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.

Examples of Information Collected
 Information You Give Us: You provide most such information when you register, search, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with us.
For example, you provide information when you search for a movie, actor or director.
provide information in our registration form.
communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise.
complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form.
vote in a poll.
provide movie reviews or information related to movies.
participate in a discussion board.
and employ our notification services.
As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, e-mail address, physical address, zip code, and phone number.
your age and gender.
the movies and actors you like or dislike.
and your general movie preferences. Automatic Information: Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet.
login.
password.
computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform.
purchase history.
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time.
cookie number.
and pages you viewed or searched for.
We may also use browser data such as cookies, Flash cookies (also known as Flash Local Shared Objects), or similar data on certain parts of our Web site for fraud prevention and other purposes.
During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. Information from Other Sources: Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information so that we can correct our records and deliver your next communication more easily.
 