 Privacy Policy  Your Privacy Rights – Effective July 9, 2018 
 This privacy policy applies to all Imgur users worldwide.
For users in the European Economic Area (EEA) and in Switzerland, Imgur complies with the principles of the U.S.-EU Privacy Shield Program and the U.S.-Swiss Privacy Shield Program, and has applied to participate in both programs.
Under both programs, we are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission, and we are liable for the unauthorized transfer to third parties of user personal data.
For more information, see https://www.privacyshield.gov.
 Information we collect and the purposes for which we use it Automatically collected information  Our servers automatically collect the following information regarding devices that access our site or app: device characteristics (including device ID for mobile devices), operating system, browser type, IP address, username from stored cookies if present, dates and times of each login, page and image viewing statistics, and incoming and outgoing links.
We also log the metadata associated with any uploaded images.
We use this automatically collected anonymous data to analyze how our site and app are used so as to keep them optimized, to determine the popularity and usefulness of various features, to maintain the integrity of user accounts so that each user can see his or her posts and the upvotes, downvotes, and comments to them, and to enable users with usernames to access their posts, albums, and membership information.
We also use such data to enable us to comply with copyright law, with 18 USC §2258A (illegal content), and to respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including national security, courts, and law enforcement.

 None of this information is “personal data” – that is, data we could use to identify a specific person.
Some of this information could, however, become personal data because we provide automatically collected anonymous data to third party advertisers to supplement the tracking information described below, and those third parties might be able to combine our anonymous data with other data they have to enable them to identify people.
 Interactively collected information  In addition to the automatically collected anonymous data described above, we may place information on your device and then retrieve it later: we may use cookies, web beacons, or other anonymous tracking information to improve our server's interaction with your device.
We also partner with third party advertisers who may (themselves or through their partners) place and/or recognize cookies on your device that collect data about which pages and ads are viewed while our app or site is being used.
Advertiser cookies enable customized ads that are selected for display on your device based on the anonymous information collected.
No personal data is on, connected to, or derivable from, these cookies.
If you block or disable cookies and other tracking technologies, instead of getting customized ads you will see non-customized (generic) ads.
Although our servers currently don't respond to "do-not-track" requests, you can block tracking in other ways.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies for interest based advertising, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or see the section below, “Accessing, correcting, and limiting use of your data”.

 Imgur participates in the Digital Advertising Alliance's (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.
For more information please visit http://www.aboutads.info.
 Information you choose to give us  If you sign up with a username, we handle it in the same way as an automatically collected username except that if you don’t allow cookies, you have to enter your username each time you log in.
A username is, by nature, publicly posted information.
On occasion we may run a contest or other type of promotion, and to enable us to award prizes to the winners as well as to comply with the applicable laws, we collect real names and contact information – so if you win a contest, we’ll ask for that information and we’ll use it only for those two specific purposes.

 We collect whatever personal data about you that you choose to give us, such as a contact email address (which we do not make public) and profile information.
We do not require you to use an account to upload images, and if you open an account you do not have to provide any personal information.
If you are located in the EEA and wish to open an account, do not use your real name – choose a username and email address that reveal nothing about your identity. If you give us an email address, we’ll probably send you promotional messages once in a while.
we’ll try to make them fun and interesting but of course you’ll be able to opt out at any time.
 Information you post  Imgur does not “collect” the stuff you post: images, comments, messages, etc., and – with respect to persons in the EEA – does not “process” or determine any purposes for processing of any information that you manifestly make public.
In particular, every image uploaded to Imgur is public – whether uploaded directly without going through a user account, or uploaded via a user account – and has its own URL.
No matter what your privacy settings are, every image can always be accessed and viewed by anyone who types in that exact URL.
No image uploaded to Imgur is ever completely hidden from public view.
This is mainly to ensure that Imgur, which allows anonymous postings, will not be used as a platform for illegality.
So too for messaging: Imgur allows users to send messages to one another both indirectly (via comments to posts) and directly (via chat).
Imgur's messaging functionality is not intended to be a secure messaging platform.
it's just for fun.
To ensure that Imgur's messaging platform is not used as a platform for illegality, all messages are public.
No messages are ever completely hidden from public view.
We may monitor user messaging.
 Album / Post / Image Privacy  Uploading a New Post creates an “album” (also called “post”) that can be shared to the community.
The individual images inside the album are referred to as “images.”

 Although nothing you post to Imgur is completely hidden from public view, with that understanding you can set the privacy level of albums.


 Hidden: Albums will be hidden by default.
They are not searchable within Imgur, and will not appear in public albums list or public profile, but each one will still be accessible by going to the post’s URL.

 Public: Albums will be publicly viewable and shared with the community by default.
Public albums shared with the community will allow comments, sharing, and voting.
Public albums that are not shared with the community will be visible on your public page (http://username.imgur.com) 
 Secret: Albums are not searchable within Imgur, and can't be viewed by anyone other than the logged-in user who uploaded the album.
Each image in an album is still accessible via its own URL.



 Favorite Folders Privacy  Individual public posts that you favorite are always visible from your “All Favorites” page and cannot be hidden, even those within folders.
Favorited non-public posts will not appear publicly in your favorites by default.
These settings for favorites cannot be changed.


 Public: Folders are visible to the public community on your public profile.

 Private: Private folders are kept hidden from your public profile.



 Accessing, correcting, and limiting use of your data  Because we don’t collect information about the identity of our users and don’t receive any information from third parties enabling us to identify our users, we have no means of knowing, or providing you with information about, whatever anonymous data about you we might have on our servers – unless you have a username.
If you have a username, you may log in and access your data, correct whatever information you deem to be incorrect, opt out of information sharing with our advertisers, or delete your account.
For legal reasons we may retain backup and/or archival copies of information prior to your corrections, amendments, or deletions.
 Data Protection  We take every reasonable precaution to protect the data on our servers from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction, taking into account the risk level and the nature of the data.
You are responsible for taking every reasonable precaution on your end to protect any unauthorized person from accessing your Imgur account.
 Dispute resolution  These terms are governed by California law, excluding its conflicts of law principles, and if there is a lawsuit between a user outside the EEA and Imgur, jurisdiction and venue will lie exclusively in the State where the defendant is located, if within the United States, or in Santa Clara County, California otherwise.
If you are a user located within the EEA and have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, it is possible, under certain conditions, for you to invoke binding arbitration as outlined in Annex I of the Arbitration Mechanism in the Privacy Shield Framework by contacting our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
 Changes to this Privacy Policy  We may revise our privacy policy from time to time by posting the changes here.
You can determine the date of the most recent changes by looking at the “effective date” at the top.
 
  The essentials Using our app to do anything other than access the links to this "Terms" page or accessing any page of our website other than our home page and this "Terms" page constitutes your consent to these terms of use and to our Privacy Policy.
If you do not consent, do not use our website.
Your use of our website to do anything beyond simply accessing/viewing it (that is, uploading, downloading, commenting, etc.), constitutes not merely your consent, but also your electronic signature, meaning that you are contractually bound by these terms and by our Privacy Policy. Our community rules These Terms of Use are our contract with you.
We also have community rules, developed thanks to input from the Imgurian community, that serve as rules for using Imgur publicly. Stuff not to do If someone else might own the copyright to it, don't upload it.
Don't upload gore, "hate speech" (i.e.
demeaning race, gender, age, religious or sexual orientation, etc.), or material that is threatening, harassing, defamatory, or that encourages violence or crime.
Don't upload illegal content such as child porn or nonconsensual ("revenge") porn.
Don't hotlink to adult content or to file-sharing, gambling, torrent, warez, or Imgur rip-off sites.
Don't impersonate someone else.
Also, don't use Imgur to host image libraries you link to from elsewhere, content for your website, advertising, avatars, or anything else that turns us into your content delivery network.
If you do – and we will be the judge – or if you do anything illegal, in addition to any other legal rights we may have, we will ban you along with the site you're hotlinking from, delete all your images, report you to the authorities if necessary, and prevent you from viewing any images hosted on Imgur.com.
We mean it. Stuff to do, please Please have tons of fun! That's what Imgur is all about.
If something isn't fun -- if you see anything on our site that shouldn't be there because it violates our policies, is illegal (e.g.
revenge porn or child porn), or for some other reason, please let us know by emailing us at abuse@imgur.com. About images you upload You can upload images anonymously and share them online with only the people you choose to share them with.
If you make them publicly available, they may be featured in the gallery.
If you share an image publicly with Facebook, Twitter, Digg, Reddit, etc., then it may end up in the gallery. 
