Indiegogo LogoCollection BadgeArtboard 2Contributionsdown-caretFace for reaction of awesomeFace for reaction of need infoFace for reaction of thanksicon-checkbox-selectedcommunityicon-discover-icon-linkicon-dismiss-keyboard-linkDuplicate Iconicon-entre-caretArtboard 1Artboard 132 copyIcon - Error_blackFB IconFB IconfashionfilmT1-flaghealthArtboardicon-icon-allcategoriesicon-icon-analyticsicon-icon-appsicon-icon-articon-icon-charityicon-icon-checkmarkicon-icon-consoleicon-icon-create-categoryicon-icon-create-durationicon-icon-create-editicon-icon-create-goalicon-icon-create-photoicon-icon-create-storyicon-icon-create-titleicon-icon-dashboardicon-icon-donateicon-icon-editicon-icon-editicon-icon-educationicon-icon-embedicon-icon-environmenticon-icon-exclamationicon-icon-facebookicon-icon-filmicon-icon-flagicon-icon-followicon-icon-followingicon-icon-fulfillmenticon-icon-goicon-icon-gplusicon-icon-helpicon-icon-idOval 8icon-icon-iphoneArtboard 1 Copy 52icon-icon-linkFill 1icon-icon-linkedinicon-icon-locationicon-icon-lockicon-icon-mailGroupicon-icon-musicicon-icon-perkicon-icon-personalcauseicon-icon-photographyicon-icon-playbookicon-icon-profileicon-icon-recent-activityicon-icon-religionicon-icon-rightarrowshadesicon-icon-shareicon-icon-todoicon-icon-tumblricon-icon-twittericon-icon-viewicon-icon-websiteicon-icon-youtubeArtboard 1Icon - Information_blackT2-keyT1-megaphoneMotorcyclemusicphonesArtboard 3T3-positive-feedbackicon-radiobutton-selectedArtboard 1T1-rocketProduct stage icon: ConceptProduct stage icon: ConceptProduct stage icon: ConceptProduct stage icon: ConceptProduct stage icon: ProductionProduct stage icon: ProductionProduct stage icon: ProductionProduct stage icon: ProductionProduct stage icon: PrototypeProduct stage icon: PrototypeProduct stage icon: PrototypeProduct stage icon: PrototypeProduct stage icon: ShippingProduct stage icon: ShippingProduct stage icon: ShippingProduct stage icon: ShippingIcon - Success_black32White timericon-tooltip-question32Twitter IconTwitter IconNot VerifiedNot VerifiedVerifiedVerifiedIcon - Warning_v2Website IconWebsite IconYoutube IconYoutube IconleftArtboardrightup-caretArtboard 8 Copy 2 Skip to main content Explore Funding Bring Ideas to Life Back campaigns Marketplace Items Shipping Now Shop products Our Top 10 Finds Team Favorites On The Playa Invest in Companies Tech &amp.
Innovation Audio Camera Gear Education Energy &amp.
Green Tech Fashion &amp.
Wearables Food &amp.
Beverages Health &amp.
Fitness Home Phones &amp.
Accessories Productivity Transportation Travel &amp.
Outdoors Creative Works Art Comics Dance &amp.
Theater Film Music Photography Podcasts, Blogs &amp.
Vlogs Tabletop Games Video Games Web Series &amp.
TV Shows Writing &amp.
Publishing Community Projects Culture Environment Human Rights Local Businesses Wellness What We Do For Entrepreneurs Start a Campaign Log In
Sign Up Cookie Policy Indiegogo, Inc.
Effective May 25, 2018 (previous version may be found here) Contents

This policy
What are Cookies?
What category of cookies may be used?
Disabling/Enabling cookies via your browser
Do not track signals
Contact us
 This policy
Indiegogo, Inc.
(“Indiegogo,” “we,” or “us”) uses and allow certain other companies to use cookies and other automated data collection tools (collectively, “cookies”) when you use the Service.
This Cookie Policy explains our use of cookies on Indiegogo’s website (“
Site
”) and Services available through the website (the “
Service(s)
”).
We do this to understand your use of our Services.
improve your User experience and enable personalized features and content.
These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our User base as a whole.
optimize our advertisements and marketing.
and to enable third-party advertising companies to assist us in serving ads specific to your interests across the Internet.
We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
This Cookie Policy should be read along with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
We may amend this Cookie Policy at any time and all changes will be made on this Web page.
The changes will take effect once they have been posted on the Website here.
 What are Cookies? Browser Cookies:
Cookies are pieces of information that a website places on your device when you visit a website.
Cookies may involve the transmission of information from us to you and from you directly to us, to another party on our behalf, or to another party in accordance with its privacy policy.
We may use cookies to bring together information we collect about you.
You can choose to have your device warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
You do this through your browser settings.
If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your guest experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Please see the last section of this Cookies Policy for more information about how to manage or disable browser cookies.
We use several categories of cookies and each performs different functions.
You can learn more about cookies and their functions generally by visiting an informational website such as allaboutcookies.org. What categories of cookies may be used?
The cookies that may be used on this website fall into the four categories described below.
These descriptions can help you determine if and how you would like to interact with our websites and other online services. Necessary cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to navigate this website and use certain features.
Without these strictly necessary cookies, the online services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or producing your bill at checkout, cannot be provided. Preferences cookies
We (or service providers operating on our behalf) may place our preferences cookies on your device.
We do not share information collected using our preferences cookies with our advertisers or other third parties.
Our preferences cookies are used to remember choices you make (such as language preference, country location, or other online settings) and provide the personalized or enhanced features that you select.
Our preferences cookies can be used to provide online services to you, or to prevent online services from being offered to you if you previously indicated you did not want to receive such services.
Our preferences cookies collect anonymous information.

If you delete these preferences cookies, any preferences or settings you selected will not be retained for later visits. Statistics cookies
We may place our statistics cookies on your device.
The information collected using our statistics cookies is used by us or for our benefit, to improve our website experience or for other statistics gathering purposes.
Our statistics cookies are used to generate aggregated, anonymous information about how you and other users use this website and its features.
For instance, our statistics cookies collect information about which pages on this website you visit most often, if you open or read the communications we send, and if you receive any error messages.
The information collected may be used to improve users’ online experience generally, to collate statistics, or customize your online experience by showing you content we think you will like.
Our statistics cookies don’t collect information that identifies you personally.
however, if you have a registered with us, the information collected by us using our statistics cookies may be associated with your account.
You can delete or manage performance cookies as instructed in the last section of this Cookie Policy. Marketing or advertising cookies
We partner with third parties to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites.
They use cookies to record your visit to our Services, your opening and review of our emails, the pages you have visited, the links you have clicked, and gather information about your browsing habits and remember that you have visited a website.
We or our service providers may use this information to make advertisements more relevant to you.
Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.


Your choices

: If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here (or if located in the European Union click here).
Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads.
You will continue to receive generic ads online but they may not be tailored to your interests.
You can also manage this type of cookie in the privacy settings on the web browser you are using.

Third-party cookies Please note that third parties (including for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies on our Service.

The following third party services are those we use for analytics and advertising.
We suggest that you check the respective data policies for these external services to help you understand what data these organizations hold about you and what they do with it.

DoubleClick
Facebook
Google AdWords
Google Analytics
Hubspot
 Disabling/Enabling cookies via your browser
There are a number of ways for you to manage cookies and other tracking technologies.
Through your browser settings, you can accept or decline cookies or set your browser to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
You should be aware that you may not be able to use all our interactive features if you set your browser to disable cookies entirely.
If you use different computers in different locations you will need to ensure that each browser is adjusted to suit your preferences.
You can delete any cookies that have been installed in the cookie folder of your browser.
The various browsers provide different procedures to manage your settings.
Click on any of the browser links below for instructions.

Microsoft Windows Explorer
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari

If you are not using any of the above-listed browsers, then you should select “cookies” in the “Help” function for information on where to find your cookie folder.
It may not be possible for you to selectively opt out of all third-party advertising cookies placed on our website.
You should also be aware that disabling cookies does not disable other types of analytics products which we may use to collect generic information about how you and other visitors use our website.
If you are located in the European Union, you may renew or change your cookie consent. Do Not Track Signals
We do not respond to the “Do Not Track” signal that may be activated on your browser.
There is no uniform or consistent standard or definition for responding to, processing, or communicating Do Not Track signals.
For more information on Do Not Track signals, see all about do not track. Contact us
If you have any questions about this Cookie Policy or the Service, please contact us, or at 965 Mission Street, 7th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103. Explore What We Do Funding Marketplace Investing GoFundMe About About Us Blog Trust &amp.
Safety Help &amp.
Support Press Careers Contact Entrepreneurs How It Works Indiegogo vs.
Kickstarter Education Center Experts Directory Fees Enterprise Find it first on Indiegogo Discover new and clever products in the Indiegogo newsletter Terms of Use Privacy policy Cookie policy © 2018 Indiegogo, Inc.
All Rights Reserved &lt;iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TPSR7C" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt.
&lt;div style="display:inline;"&gt.
&lt;img height="1" width="1" style="border-style:none;" alt="" src="//googleads.g.doubleclick.net/pagead/viewthroughconversion/1008738018/?value=0&amp;amp;label=pah0CP6GwQQQ4r2A4QM&amp;amp;guid=ON&amp;amp;script=0"/&gt.
&lt;/div&gt.
&lt;img height="1" width="1" style="display:none" src="https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=1701453563448240&amp;amp;ev=BrowserLanguage&amp;amp;cd[language_id]= en-US&amp;amp;noscript=1"&gt.
 Indiegogo LogoCollection BadgeArtboard 2Contributionsdown-caretFace for reaction of awesomeFace for reaction of need infoFace for reaction of thanksicon-checkbox-selectedcommunityicon-discover-icon-linkicon-dismiss-keyboard-linkDuplicate Iconicon-entre-caretArtboard 1Artboard 132 copyIcon - Error_blackFB IconFB IconfashionfilmT1-flaghealthArtboardicon-icon-allcategoriesicon-icon-analyticsicon-icon-appsicon-icon-articon-icon-charityicon-icon-checkmarkicon-icon-consoleicon-icon-create-categoryicon-icon-create-durationicon-icon-create-editicon-icon-create-goalicon-icon-create-photoicon-icon-create-storyicon-icon-create-titleicon-icon-dashboardicon-icon-donateicon-icon-editicon-icon-editicon-icon-educationicon-icon-embedicon-icon-environmenticon-icon-exclamationicon-icon-facebookicon-icon-filmicon-icon-flagicon-icon-followicon-icon-followingicon-icon-fulfillmenticon-icon-goicon-icon-gplusicon-icon-helpicon-icon-idOval 8icon-icon-iphoneArtboard 1 Copy 52icon-icon-linkFill 1icon-icon-linkedinicon-icon-locationicon-icon-lockicon-icon-mailGroupicon-icon-musicicon-icon-perkicon-icon-personalcauseicon-icon-photographyicon-icon-playbookicon-icon-profileicon-icon-recent-activityicon-icon-religionicon-icon-rightarrowshadesicon-icon-shareicon-icon-todoicon-icon-tumblricon-icon-twittericon-icon-viewicon-icon-websiteicon-icon-youtubeArtboard 1Icon - Information_blackT2-keyT1-megaphoneMotorcyclemusicphonesArtboard 3T3-positive-feedbackicon-radiobutton-selectedArtboard 1T1-rocketProduct stage icon: ConceptProduct stage icon: ConceptProduct stage icon: ConceptProduct stage icon: ConceptProduct stage icon: ProductionProduct stage icon: ProductionProduct stage icon: ProductionProduct stage icon: ProductionProduct stage icon: PrototypeProduct stage icon: PrototypeProduct stage icon: PrototypeProduct stage icon: PrototypeProduct stage icon: ShippingProduct stage icon: ShippingProduct stage icon: ShippingProduct stage icon: ShippingIcon - Success_black32White timericon-tooltip-question32Twitter IconTwitter IconNot VerifiedNot VerifiedVerifiedVerifiedIcon - Warning_v2Website IconWebsite IconYoutube IconYoutube IconleftArtboardrightup-caretArtboard 8 Copy 2 Skip to main content Explore Funding Bring Ideas to Life Back campaigns Marketplace Items Shipping Now Shop products Our Top 10 Finds Team Favorites On The Playa Invest in Companies Tech &amp.
Innovation Audio Camera Gear Education Energy &amp.
Green Tech Fashion &amp.
Wearables Food &amp.
Beverages Health &amp.
Fitness Home Phones &amp.
Accessories Productivity Transportation Travel &amp.
Outdoors Creative Works Art Comics Dance &amp.
Theater Film Music Photography Podcasts, Blogs &amp.
Vlogs Tabletop Games Video Games Web Series &amp.
TV Shows Writing &amp.
Publishing Community Projects Culture Environment Human Rights Local Businesses Wellness What We Do For Entrepreneurs Start a Campaign Log In
Sign Up Privacy Policy Indiegogo, Inc.
Effective May 25, 2018 (previous version may be found here) Contents

Who we are
How this Policy applies
Who is the Data Controller?
Data you provide to us
How we collect information
How we use this information
How we share your information with third parties
Your controls and choices
European Economic Area residents: Legal basis for use of your information &amp.
controls and choices
How we protect your information and data retention
Data transfers, storage, and processing globally
Privacy Shield
Children’s privacy
Rights of California residents
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact us
 Who we are
Indiegogo, Inc.
and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, consultants, employees, officers, and directors — (collectively, “
Indiegogo

,” “

we

,” or “

us

“, “

our

“) is an online crowdfunding platform for Users to seek to raise funds for their own Campaigns and to contribute to the Campaigns of others.
Campaign Owners can offer Perks to Contributors in thanks for the Contributors’ donation of funds..
We are based in San Francisco, CA.
Undefined capitalized terms used herein shall have the definitions as set forth in our Terms of Use. How this Policy applies
This Privacy Policy explains how Indiegogo collects, uses, or otherwise processes information, including information that personally identifies you (“
Personal Information
”) and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of such information when you use our Website: https://www.indiegogo.com/, including on a mobile device, mobile application and related services (the “
Service
“ or the “
Services
”) or any other service to which this policy is linked.
Your use of our Website and the Services is also governed by our Terms of Use posted at: https://www.indiegogo.com/about/terms (“
Terms
“), which are to be read in conjunction with this policy.
 Who is the Data Controller? Indiegogo, Inc.
is the “
data controller
” of personal data collected by all of Indiegogo, and Indiegogo, Inc.
is responsible for deciding how personal data is collected, used, and disclosed.
Campaign Owners may also be data controllers of certain data you provide to Campaign Owners when you make a Contribution to a Campaign or through any other Services.
You should be aware that when you provide information to us using a third-party site or platform, the information you provide may be separately collected by the third-party site or platform.
The information we collect is covered by the Indiegogo Privacy Policy only, and the information the third-party site or platform collects is subject to the third-party site or platform’s privacy practices.
Privacy choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our Site or Services.
Please also keep in mind that our Site and Services may contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site or Services and to read the policies of other sites that may collect your personal information. Data you provide to us
We collect information you provide directly to us, information from third parties, and information that we collect through automated means.
For example, we collect:

Registration information you provide when you create an account or a Campaign, enter a promotion, or link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account, such as your first name and last name, country of residence, gender, date of birth, email address, username, and password.
Transaction information you provide when you request information, contact Indiegogo, create a Campaign, or make a Contribution to a Campaign.
Information you provide in public forums on our sites and applications, such as your public posts.
Information sent directly to another User, post, or similar functionality, where we are permitted by applicable law to collect this information.
Information we obtain from a third party, such as a site or platform provider, about use of our applications on third-party platforms or devices.
Location information, including location information provided by a mobile or other device interacting with one of our sites or applications (including through beacon technologies), or associated with your IP address, where we are permitted by law to process this information.
Activity information about your use, and the use by any person(s) you authorize through your account, of our sites and applications, such as the content you view or post, how often you use our services, and your preferences.

Usage, viewing, technical, and device data when you visit our sites, use our applications on third-party sites or platforms, or open emails we send, including your browser or device type, unique device identifier, and IP address.

You may decline to provide us with your information.
However, this will limit your ability to register for an account or use our Services.
You may pledge to a project as a User by providing only an email address.
However, to adjust your pledge, save payment details for future pledges, make project comments and take most other actions on our Site, you will need to finish creating an account.
You may review, change or remove your information through your account settings. How we collect information

We collect information you provide to us when you request or purchase products, services, or information from us, register with us (including when you link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account), participate in public forums or other activities on our sites and applications, respond to User surveys, or otherwise interact with us online or offline.

We collect information through a variety of technologies, such as cookies, Flash cookies, pixels, tags, software development kits, application program interfaces, and Web beacons, including when you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms using one or more devices, whether or not you are logged in or registered.
Please visit our Cookie Policy for further information, including Do Not Track and how to disable cookies and otherwise make choices with respect to such data collection.
We collect information using analytics tools, including when you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms.
We acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically, such as when we validate postal address information using third party services.
Applicable law may require that you authorize the third party to share your information with us before we can acquire it.
If you access the Service through a third-party connection or log-in (like a social network), we may collect certain information from your social network profile.
For a description of how social networking sites handle your information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings.
If you do not want to share information from your social network profile, do not access the Service through that third-party service.
 How we use this information
Consistent with applicable law and choices and controls that may be available to you, we may use information collected from you, or from devices associated with you, to:

To enable us to provide you with our Services, and to improve and promote our Services;
Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information or request feedback about features on our sites and applications or changes to our policies.
Send you offers and promotions for our products and services or third-party products and services.
Personalize content and experiences.
Provide you with targeted advertising based on your activity on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications.

Operate, understand, optimize, develop, or improve our sites, applications, products, services and operations, including by performing User market research and using analytics tools.
Detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal.
We may aggregate and/or anonymize any information collected through the Service so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your device (“
Aggregate/Anonymous Information
”).
We may use Aggregate/Anonymous Information for any purpose and share such data with any third parties, including advertisers.
 How we share your information with third parties
We will share your information in the following ways:

When you Contribute to a Campaign, so that the Campaign Owner can send you Perks, provide you with customer service, conduct market research, and comply with our Additional Terms and policies.

Please note that once we share your personal information with a Campaign Owner, the information received by the Campaign Owner is controlled by that company and becomes subject to the Campaign Owner’s privacy practices.
When you allow us to share your personal information with another company, such as:
Electing to share your personal information with carefully selected companies so that they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services.
and
Directing us to share your personal information with third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites.
Please note that once we share your personal information with another company, the information received by the other company is controlled by that company and becomes subject to the other company’s privacy practices.
When companies perform services on our behalf, like marketing and advertising, and customer service.
however, these companies are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law.
and
When we share your personal information with third parties in connection with the sale of a business, to enforce our Terms of Use or rules, to ensure the safety and security of our Users and third parties, to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our Users and third parties, to comply with legal process (including to comply with national security or law enforcement requirements), or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law.
When we share your personal information with your consent, including when you post personal information on public forums or blogs accessible to third parties.
 Your controls and choices
The laws in some jurisdictions requires us to provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use and sharing of your information.
To the extent those laws apply to you, your controls and choices may include:

Updating, and deleting your registration account;
Choosing or changing your choices for subscriptions, newsletters, and alerts;
Choosing whether to receive from us offers and promotions for our products and services, or products and services that we think may be of interest to you;
Choosing whether we share your personal information with other companies so they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services;
Controlling targeted advertising from many ad networks and partners.
data exchanges.
and marketing analytics and digital advertising and marketing service providers (by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance);
Controlling whether you want us to access location information, such as by controlling or disabling location services in your mobile device’s settings menu;
Choosing to control targeted advertising you receive within applications by using the settings and choices made available to you through your device(s), for example, by re-setting your device’s advertising identifier and/or opting out of interest based ads;
Requesting removal of your personal information from a public forum on one of our sites or application.

You may exercise these controls and choices in various ways, including contacting Customer Happiness, following instructions provided in communications sent to you, or by using your device or other available settings (for example, by re-setting your device’s advertising identifier and/or opting out of interest based ads).
You can opt out of interest based ads by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance or using the opt-out mechanism in the “Interest Based Ads” link in the footer of the site you are visiting.
Please be aware that if you do not allow us to collect personal information from you, we may not be able to deliver certain experiences, products, and services to you, and some of our Services may not be able to take account of your interests and preferences.
If you have questions about the specific personal information about you that we process or retain, and your rights regarding that personal information, please contact us. European Economic Area residents: Legal bases for use of your information &amp.
controls and choices
The laws in the European Economic Area and some other jurisdictions require us to provide Users, to the extent those laws apply to such Users, with the following information:
Legal grounds for use and disclosure of personal information

As necessary to perform our obligations under any contract with you, including to provide for campaign disbursement, manage your Campaign or otherwise comply with the Indiegogo Terms of Use.
or
On the basis of implied or express consent, such as to send you certain information, including marketing communications, to share your information with partners when you have requested we do that, or to collect and process your information for research purposes if you have Contributed to a Campaign, or otherwise agreed.
or
For our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others such as to ensure the security of our Sites, operate and improve our business and our Sites, respond to your questions, engage in certain marketing, make and receive payments, comply with our legal obligations, prevent fraud, conduct analysis, enforce our Terms, engage in a business change (e.g., sale, merger), to know User to whom we are providing the Service, and to create anonymous data.
To protect the vital interests of the individual or others.
For example, we may collect or share personal data to help resolve an urgent medical situation.

Controls and choices 
In addition, Users in the European Economic Area and some other jurisdictions outside the United States have certain legal rights to obtain confirmation of whether we hold personal data about them, to access personal data we hold about them (including, in some cases, in portable form), and to obtain its correction, update, amendment or deletion in appropriate circumstances.
They may also object to our uses or disclosures of personal data, to request a restriction on its processing, or withdraw any consent, though such actions typically will not have retroactive effect.
They also will not affect our ability to continue processing data in lawful ways (for example, if you opt out of the use of your telephone number for direct marketing, we might still decide to contact you by phone regarding potential fraud on your account).

Users in the European Economic Area have the right to opt-out of all of our processing of their personal data for direct marketing purposes.
To exercise this right, they may contact us.
The rights and options described above are subject to limitations and exceptions under applicable law.
In situations in which we process personal data on behalf of our User, we may refer the request to the relevant User and cooperate with their handling of the request, subject to any special contractual arrangement with that User.

In addition to these rights, Users in the European Economic Area have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority.
However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern.
 How we protect your information and data retention
The security, integrity, and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us.
We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect User information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and modification.
We regularly review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods.
Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
We will retain your personal information for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
To dispose of personal data, we may anonymize it, delete it or take other appropriate steps.
Data may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time. Data transfers, storage, and processing globally
We operate globally and may transfer your personal information to third parties in locations around the world for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
Wherever your personal information is transferred, stored or processed by us, we will take steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information. Privacy Shield
To bring you the Services, we operate globally.
Indiegogo.
complies with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield principles (the “
Principles
”) regarding the collection, use, sharing, and retention of personal information from the European Union and Switzerland, as described in our EU-US Privacy Shield certification and Swiss-US Privacy Shield certification.
If you have a Privacy Shield-related complaint, please contact us at privacy@indiegogo.com.
As part of our participation in Privacy Shield, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the independent dispute resolution body JAMS, and under certain conditions, through the Privacy Shield arbitration process.
Residents of the European Union or Switzerland may elect to arbitrate unresolved complaints but prior to initiating such arbitration, you must: (1) contact us and afford us the opportunity to resolve the issue.
(2) seek assistance from our designated independent recourse mechanism above.
and (3) contact the U.S.
Department of Commerce (either directly or through a European Data Protection Authority) and afford the Department of Commerce time to attempt to resolve the issue.
Each party shall be responsible for its own attorney’s fees.
Please be advised that, pursuant to the Privacy Shield, the arbitrator(s) may only impose individual-specific, non-monetary, equitable relief necessary to remedy any violation of the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to the individual.

Privacy Shield participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies.
Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal information from the EU or Switzerland to third parties outside the EU and Switzerland.
As required under the principles, when we receive information under the Privacy Shield and then transfer it to a third-party service provider acting on our behalf, Indiegogo has certain liability under the Privacy Shield if both (i) the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield and (ii) we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Learn more about the EU-US Privacy Shield and Swiss-US Privacy Shield.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. Children’s privacy
People under 18 (or the legal age in your jurisdiction) are not permitted to use Indiegogo on their own.
Indiegogo does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 and children under 13 are not permitted to register for an account or use our Services.
If you believe that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at privacy@indiegogo.com.
If we become aware that a child under age 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we’ll delete it.
We do not knowingly process data of EU residents under the age of 16 without parental consent.
If we become aware that we have collected data from an EU resident under the age of 16 without parental consent, we will take reasonable steps to delete it as quickly as possible.
We also comply with other age restrictions and requirements in accordance with applicable local laws. Rights of California residents
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@indiegogo.com.
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83(c)(2), we do not share your personal information with third parties’ direct marketing use unless you elect that we do so.

 If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted.
To make such a request, please contact us with a detailed description of the specific content or information to.
Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested. Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may change this privacy policy to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes.
We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent.
Notice may be by email to you at the last email address you provided us, by posting notice of such changes on our sites and applications, or by other means, consistent with applicable law. Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us or at 965 Mission Street, 7th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103. Explore What We Do Funding Marketplace Investing GoFundMe About About Us Blog Trust &amp.
Safety Help &amp.
Support Press Careers Contact Entrepreneurs How It Works Indiegogo vs.
Kickstarter Education Center Experts Directory Fees Enterprise Find it first on Indiegogo Discover new and clever products in the Indiegogo newsletter Terms of Use Privacy policy Cookie policy © 2018 Indiegogo, Inc.
All Rights Reserved &lt;iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TPSR7C" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt.
&lt;div style="display:inline;"&gt.
&lt;img height="1" width="1" style="border-style:none;" alt="" src="//googleads.g.doubleclick.net/pagead/viewthroughconversion/1008738018/?value=0&amp;amp;label=pah0CP6GwQQQ4r2A4QM&amp;amp;guid=ON&amp;amp;script=0"/&gt.
&lt;/div&gt.
&lt;img height="1" width="1" style="display:none" src="https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=1701453563448240&amp;amp;ev=BrowserLanguage&amp;amp;cd[language_id]= en-US&amp;amp;noscript=1"&gt.
 Indiegogo LogoCollection BadgeArtboard 2Contributionsdown-caretFace for reaction of awesomeFace for reaction of need infoFace for reaction of thanksicon-checkbox-selectedcommunityicon-discover-icon-linkicon-dismiss-keyboard-linkDuplicate Iconicon-entre-caretArtboard 1Artboard 132 copyIcon - Error_blackFB IconFB IconfashionfilmT1-flaghealthArtboardicon-icon-allcategoriesicon-icon-analyticsicon-icon-appsicon-icon-articon-icon-charityicon-icon-checkmarkicon-icon-consoleicon-icon-create-categoryicon-icon-create-durationicon-icon-create-editicon-icon-create-goalicon-icon-create-photoicon-icon-create-storyicon-icon-create-titleicon-icon-dashboardicon-icon-donateicon-icon-editicon-icon-editicon-icon-educationicon-icon-embedicon-icon-environmenticon-icon-exclamationicon-icon-facebookicon-icon-filmicon-icon-flagicon-icon-followicon-icon-followingicon-icon-fulfillmenticon-icon-goicon-icon-gplusicon-icon-helpicon-icon-idOval 8icon-icon-iphoneArtboard 1 Copy 52icon-icon-linkFill 1icon-icon-linkedinicon-icon-locationicon-icon-lockicon-icon-mailGroupicon-icon-musicicon-icon-perkicon-icon-personalcauseicon-icon-photographyicon-icon-playbookicon-icon-profileicon-icon-recent-activityicon-icon-religionicon-icon-rightarrowshadesicon-icon-shareicon-icon-todoicon-icon-tumblricon-icon-twittericon-icon-viewicon-icon-websiteicon-icon-youtubeArtboard 1Icon - Information_blackT2-keyT1-megaphoneMotorcyclemusicphonesArtboard 3T3-positive-feedbackicon-radiobutton-selectedArtboard 1T1-rocketProduct stage icon: ConceptProduct stage icon: ConceptProduct stage icon: ConceptProduct stage icon: ConceptProduct stage icon: ProductionProduct stage icon: ProductionProduct stage icon: ProductionProduct stage icon: ProductionProduct stage icon: PrototypeProduct stage icon: PrototypeProduct stage icon: PrototypeProduct stage icon: PrototypeProduct stage icon: ShippingProduct stage icon: ShippingProduct stage icon: ShippingProduct stage icon: ShippingIcon - Success_black32White timericon-tooltip-question32Twitter IconTwitter IconNot VerifiedNot VerifiedVerifiedVerifiedIcon - Warning_v2Website IconWebsite IconYoutube IconYoutube IconleftArtboardrightup-caretArtboard 8 Copy 2 Skip to main content Explore Funding Bring Ideas to Life Back campaigns Marketplace Items Shipping Now Shop products Our Top 10 Finds Team Favorites On The Playa Invest in Companies Tech &amp.
Innovation Audio Camera Gear Education Energy &amp.
Green Tech Fashion &amp.
Wearables Food &amp.
Beverages Health &amp.
Fitness Home Phones &amp.
Accessories Productivity Transportation Travel &amp.
Outdoors Creative Works Art Comics Dance &amp.
Theater Film Music Photography Podcasts, Blogs &amp.
Vlogs Tabletop Games Video Games Web Series &amp.
TV Shows Writing &amp.
Publishing Community Projects Culture Environment Human Rights Local Businesses Wellness What We Do For Entrepreneurs Start a Campaign Log In
Sign Up Terms of Use Indiegogo, Inc.
Effective May 25, 2018 (previous version may be found here) Contents

What Is Indiegogo?
Your Account and Obligations 
Creating and Running a Campaign 
Legal Obligations of Campaign Owners
Backing a Campaign 
Indiegogo’s Role
Fees and Taxes
Our Intellectual Property
Your Intellectual Property 
How to report Copyright and covered other Intellectual Property issues 
Indiegogo’s Rights Concerning User Accounts.
Termination
Payment Services
System Outages and Maintenance 
Unsolicited Idea Submission 
Indemnity 
No Warranty
Disclaimer Of Liability 
Disclaimer 
Waiver And Release (CA Residents)
Legal Disputes Will Be Handled In San Francisco, CA.

Dispute Resolution, Arbitration and Class Action Waiver
Definitions
Full Agreement Between You and Us
Miscellaneous

Welcome to Indiegogo! By using this Site and the Services, in addition to any Additional Policies applicable to any particular features, content and functionality of the Services (incorporated into the Terms by reference), offered by Indiegogo, Inc., Users agree to be bound by these Terms.



AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATION
.
BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS, USERS AGREE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH INDIEGOGO THROUGH BINDING ARBITRATION (AND WITH VERY FEW LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, NOT IN COURT), AND USERS WAIVE CERTAIN RIGHTS TO PARTICIPATE IN CLASS ACTIONS (AS DETAILED IN THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION, ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER IN SECTION 20 BELOW).

Indiegogo may amend the Terms at any time in our sole discretion by posting a revised version of the Terms.
Unless we make clear otherwise, access to or continued use of the Services after the effective date of the revised Terms constitutes your acceptance of the revised Terms.
If we make any material change to these Terms, we will notify Users by sending an email, posting a notice through the Services, or any other place(s) appropriate.

Additional Policies
The following policies and guidelines are incorporated into the Terms by reference.


Additional Obligations of Product Marketplace Sellers
Help Center
Community Guidelines
Indiegogo Privacy Policy
Indiegogo Cookies Policy


What Is Indiegogo?
Indiegogo is an online crowdfunding platform for Users to seek to raise funds for their own Campaigns and to contribute to the Campaigns of others.
Campaign Owners can offer Perks to Contributors in thanks for the Contributors’ donation of funds.
The Services do not include the offer or sale of securities (as such term is defined in the Securities Act of 1933), and Indiegogo, Inc.
is not a broker-dealer or a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.
Your Account and Obligations
We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and revocable license to use our Services—subject to the Terms and the following restrictions in particular:


You are responsible for your account.
To use many of the Services, you will need to register and create an account with a username and password.
You must provide us accurate and complete information, and you must update your account information as needed to keep the information accurate and complete.
You may not impersonate anyone else, choose a username that may offend someone, or violate any individual’s rights.
If you do so, we may cancel your account.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and for all activities associated with or occurring under your account.
If you suspect or discover any unauthorized use of your account, you should notify Indiegogo immediately by contacting us here.
To the extent permissible under applicable law, we are not responsible for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the foregoing requirements or as a result of use of your account with or without your knowledge.


Deleting your account.
You may submit a request to delete your account by contacting us here, but this will not automatically delete User Content.
We may need to retain certain information as required by law or as necessary for our legitimate business purposes.
All provisions of these Terms survive termination of an account, including our rights to User Content.


You must be 18 years old.
You must be 18 years or older to sign up for an account and use our Services.
Outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), minors between the age of 13 and 18 years are only permitted to use our Services through an account owned by a parent or legal guardian where the parent has provided affirmative consent and under their direct supervision.
Children under 16 residing in the EEA are not permitted to access the Site or use the Services.
You are responsible for any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your account.


Follow the law and our policies.
You may not take any action that violates the law, infringes or violates anyone else’s rights, or breaches any agreements or legal obligations that you have toward anyone.
You may not offer any Perks that are illegal, violate any of Indiegogo’s policies, rules, or guidelines, or violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance, or regulation.

Be truthful.
Don’t post information you know is false, misleading, or inaccurate.
Don’t do anything deceptive or fraudulent.

Respect the rights of others.
You may not threaten, abuse, harass, defame, or engage in behavior that is libelous, tortious, obscene, profane, or invasive of another person’s privacy.

Avoid spam and unsolicited communications.
You may not distribute unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional material, or any junk mail, spam, or chain letters .
Don’t run mail lists, listservs, or any kind of auto-responder or spam on or through the Site.

Respect the property of others.
You may not distribute software viruses, or anything else designed to interfere with (1) the proper function of any software, hardware, or equipment on the Site or (2) the use of the Site by any other User.
You may not access our Site or Services if we have prohibited you from doing so.

Do not engage in activities that affect the functioning of the Site.
You may not bypass any measures that we have put in place to secure the Services, take actions to gain unauthorized access to any system, data, passwords, or other Indiegogo or User information or Services, reverse engineer or take apart any aspect of the Services to access any underlying information, or use any kind of software to “crawl” or “spider” any part of the Site.

Respect privacy.
When you use the Services or create a Campaign, you may receive information about other Users, including personally-identifiable information (“
PII
”) such as names, email addresses, and physical addresses.
This information is provided for purely for the purpose of fulfilling the Perks for the applicable Campaign and other Services and may not be used for other purposes, including cross-promotional marketing, without separate, verifiable consent from the User.
You will maintain records of all such verifiable consent.

Creating and Running a Campaign
When you, as a Campaign Owner creates a Campaign on the Site and asks for Contributions, you understand that you are entering into separate legal agreements with both Indiegogo and with Contributors, and the following rules apply (in addition to the all other Terms and Additional Policies).



Service Fees.
Campaign Owners are charged a Service Fee as a portion of the Contributions they raise (the "
Service Fees
").
The Service Fees are effective on the date that the Service Fees are posted, and may be updated from time to time.
Service Fees will be charged at the then-current rate.


Right to Withhold Funds.
Campaign Owners should not assume that they will receive Contributions made to a Campaign.
There may be a delay between the end of a Campaign and our remittance of Contributions to a Campaign Owner for a number of reasons including, but not limited to, refunds, chargeback disputes, fraud, Terms or other policy violations, or any other situation.
For example, Indiegogo may hold Contributions made to a Campaign, or from any third parties holding Contributions to a Campaign, if the Campaign Owner violates any Terms (as determined by Indiegogo in its sole discretion).
Indiegogo may also seek reimbursement from a Campaign Owner by any other lawful means, including by using third-party collection services.


Refunds.
Indiegogo offers a limited refund to Contributors in accordance with our Refund Policy.
Refunds outside of our Refund Policy must be handled by the Campaign Owner, and Indiegogo has no obligation to provide any refunds or become involved with any dispute between a Campaign Owner and Contributor.
Indiegogo reserves the right to terminate User Accounts and remove Campaigns for any abuse of the Refund Policy.


Legal obligations of Campaign Owners
As a Campaign Owner, you are entering into a legal agreement with a Contributor when they make a Contribution to your Campaign, which includes the following obligations (in addition to the all other Terms and Additional Policies): 

Make good faith efforts to fulfill the Perks associated with a Campaign in the timeframe that is communicated to Contributors.

Immediately notify Contributors if there are obstacles or delays.

Respond promptly and truthfully to all questions posed to them by Contributors.
Provide substantive and quality updates at least once a month to Contributors.
If you have received the Contributions from your Campaign, issue refunds to Contributors if you cannot deliver Perks.

Comply with all applicable laws and regulations in the use of Contributions and delivery of Perks.

Comply with EEA Data Controller Obligations.
As a Campaign Owner, you (and Indiegogo) will independently fulfill all duties required of data controllers under applicable EEA data protection law (such law shall include, but not be limited to, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (“
GDPR
”).
(iii) the EU e-Privacy Directive (Directive 2002/58/EC), including subsequent variations, such as the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council concerning the respect for private life and the protection of personal data in electronic communications and repealing Directive 2002/58/EC (“
ePrivacy Regulation
”), if enacted).
Your data controller duties include: 

Determining and qualifying the necessary legal basis or bases for your collection or processing of personal information.

Managing and reporting security incidents.

Transfers.

Entering into contracts only with data processors that provide adequate protections for personal data and including appropriate contractual language.

Maintaining records of your data processing activities.

Conducting any required data protection impact assessments.
and 
Implementing and maintaining all measures required pursuant to Article 32 of the GDPR.



Respond to EEA Data Subject Requests.

You and Indiegogo will have an independent obligation to respond to any requests received by either of us from EEA data subjects regarding personal data, including without limitation, those set forth in Chapter III of the GDPR.
The party that receives the data request is responsible for responding to the request.
Campaign Owner and Indiegogo shall reasonably cooperate and assist each other with these requests, to the extent that is legally permissible.
Please remember that as a Campaign Owner, you are solely responsible for fulfilling the obligations of your Campaign and delivering Perks.
If you are unable to perform on this, or any of your other legal obligations, you may be subject to legal action by Contributors.


Backing a Campaign
When a Contributor makes a Contribution to a Campaign, Contributor understands that the following rules and terms apply (in addition to any other Additional Policies as mentioned in the Additional Policies section above).



Voluntary Contributions.
All Contributions are made voluntarily and at the sole discretion and risk of the Contributor.


No Guarantee.
The date to deliver a Perk is an estimate by the Campaign Owner (not Indiegogo) and there is no guarantee that the Campaign Owner will fulfill and deliver the Perk by that date.
Indiegogo does not guarantee that Contributions will be used as promised, that Campaign Owners will deliver Perks, or that the Campaign will achieve its goals.
Indiegogo also does not endorse, guarantee, make representations, or provide warranties for or about the quality, safety, morality or legality of any Campaign, Perk or Contribution, or the truth or accuracy of User Content posted on the Services.


Limited Refund.
Indiegogo offers a limited refund to Contributors only where the Campaign has not ended, the Contributor has not received a Perk (as confirmed by Indiegogo), and the Contribution has not been sent to the Campaign Owner (full terms of the Refund Policy apply).
Indiegogo does not offer refunds outside of our Refund Policy.
In any situation where refunds are not available under the Refund Policy, a Contributor should contact the Campaign Owner directly to request a refund.
Indiegogo may at its discretion facilitate communications between a Campaign Owner and Contributor, but we have no obligation to do so or to become involved in any way in any dispute.

Credit Card Charges.
When you Contribute to a Campaign, your card will be charged the amount of the Contribution after you confirm and submit your payment information.


Communications Between Campaign Owners and Contributors.
Once you have made a Contribution to a Campaign, the Campaign Owners may need to contact you to obtain additional information such as shipping address, specific preferences for a Perk (i.e.
color or size of a t-shirt), or may ask for your feedback on the Campaign or the Perk.
In some instances, to receive the Perk, you may need to provide the requested information within the requested time frame to receive the Perk, otherwise, it will not be fulfilled.
Campaign Owners should not ask for information that is not required to fulfill a Perk and should not request sensitive personal information such a Social Security number or credit card/banking information.
Please contact us here if you receive a request for information that appears to be excessive.

Taxes are your responsibility.
Contributors are solely responsible for determining how to treat their Contributions and receipt of any Perks for tax purposes.


Indiegogo’s Role


We do not endorse any User Content.
While Indiegogo supports the creation of Campaigns, we only provide the Site for Users to interact.
We do not pre-screen any Campaigns or endorse any User Content on our site.


We may remove User Content in our discretion.
If you see User Content that violates these Terms, then let us know and we may remove it.
Removing content or terminating accounts is not an action we take lightly and we may take a while to investigate and determine if User Content should be removed.
We do not communicate our reasons for removing, or keeping, User Content on the Site.


We do not guarantee Perks or Refunds.
Campaign Owners are solely responsible for the delivery of Perks and offering refunds outside of our Refund Policy.


We do not provide tax or legal advice to Users.
Users are solely responsible for determining how the tax laws, or any other laws, apply to running a Campaign, Contributing to a Campaign, or utilizing any of the Services.


We do not become involved in legal disputes between Users.
Though we may facilitate discussions between Users who have disputes with each other, Indiegogo takes no responsibility and does not have any liability for any disputes or violations of agreements between any Users, including between Campaign Owners and Contributors.


You are responsible for your Campaigns, even if you engage our help. Indiegogo may offer services to Users, including without limitation, helping with drafting Campaign content, assisting with the design of Campaigns, and referring vendors and other service providers to Campaign Owners.
Such services will be subject to separate agreement between Campaign Owners and Indiegogo.
Even if we help with your Campaign, Campaign Owners remain solely responsible for the Campaign and must comply with all obligations herein as the only responsible party for the Campaign.

Fees and Taxes


Service Fees.
There are no fees for creating an account on the Site.
Campaign Owners are charged a Service Fee as a portion of the Contributions they raise.
The Service Fees are effective on the date that the Service Fees are posted, and will be announced on Service Fee page.


Taxes.
Taxing authorities may classify Contributions as taxable income to the Campaign Owner and any beneficiary who will receive funds directly from the applicable Campaign.
Indiegogo may ask for the tax identification number (TIN) of Campaign Owners and any beneficiaries so that we may report taxable income to the relevant taxing authorities.
Indiegogo will provide Campaign Owners with a tax document if required by the relevant taxing authorities.
Indiegogo is unable to provide any User or third party with tax advice and suggests that such Users or third parties consult with tax advisors of their choice.

Our Intellectual Property


Indiegogo Intellectual Property.
Indiegogo’s Services, Content and Marks, are legally protected in a number of ways, including copyright, trademark, service marks, patents, trade secrets, and other U.S.
and international intellectual property laws.
You agree to respect all copyright and other legal notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Indiegogo Content, Services, or Marks accessed through the Site or the Services.
You agree not to change, translate, or otherwise create derivative works of the Services.


Limited User Rights.
License to Indiegogo Content.
Indiegogo grants you a limited license to access and use User Content and Indiegogo Content, solely for use of the Services (the license is worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license), in accordance with these Terms.
You may not reproduce, redistribute, transmit, assign, sell, broadcast, rent, share, lend, modify, adapt, edit, create derivative works of, license, or otherwise transfer or use any User Content or Indiegogo Content unless we give you explicit permission to do so.
User Content and Indiegogo Content is licensed, and not sold, to you.
We reserve the right to revoke this license to access and use User Content and Indiegogo Content granted to you at any time.


Indiegogo Trademark Policy.
You may use the Indiegogo Marks only in accordance with our Trademark Policy.


Your Intellectual Property
Your User Content remains your property and is protected, without limitation, pursuant to U.S.
and foreign copyright and other intellectual property laws.
When you submit User Content to the Site or via the Services, you agree to the following terms:


You allow us to use User Content.
You grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable, right to use, exercise, commercialize, and exploit the copyright, publicity, trademark, and database rights with respect to User Content.


We can make changes to or delete User Content.
You grant us the right to make changes, edits, modifications, translations, formatting, or otherwise change or delete any User Content.


You have all legal rights to User Content.
You represent and warrant that: (1) you have all licenses, rights, consents, and permissions necessary to grant the rights set forth in these Terms to Indiegogo with respect to your User Content.
(2) your User Content does not and will not infringe any third party's intellectual property rights, proprietary rights, privacy rights, confidentiality, rights of publicity or otherwise violate these Terms or applicable law.
and (3) we shall not need to obtain any licenses, rights, consents, or permissions from, or make any payments to, any third party for any use of your User Content or have any liability to a User or any other party as a result of any use or exploitation of your User Content.


How to report Copyright and covered other Intellectual Property issues
We take intellectual property rights very seriously.
We comply with intellectual property laws and industry best practices in order to maintain the integrity our Site and Services.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“
DMCA
”) sets out the legal system to report notices of alleged copyright infringement, and Indiegogo also maintains policies concerning claims of trademark and patent infringement.
We will respond to notices of alleged infringement if they comply with the law and the requirements set forth in our Intellectual Property Policy.
We reserve the right to delete or disable User Content alleged to be infringing, and to terminate user accounts for repeat infringers (in our sole discretion).


To submit a claim of copyright infringement, please visit our Intellectual Property Policy and follow the instructions.
The Intellectual Property Policy also explains how Campaign Owners can respond when their Campaigns are affected by a notice.
We will only respond to claims submitted in compliance with our Intellectual Property Policy.


Indiegogo’s Rights Concerning User Accounts.
Termination

We have the right to monitor, terminate, suspend, or delete any User Account at any time for any reason, or no reason.
It is our policy not to comment on any reasons for termination and we have no obligation to provide you with a reason for termination.

We will not have any liability to you or third parties for any use of the Services associated with your account or Campaign.
Upon termination, you must cease all use of the Services and User Content.
All representations and warranties shall survive termination.

Payment Services

Credit card payment processing services for Campaign Owners on Indiegogo are provided by Stripe, Inc.
("
Stripe
") and are subject to the Stripe Connected Account Agreement, which includes the Stripe Terms of Service (collectively, the "
Stripe Services Agreement
").
As a Campaign Owner, you agree to be bound by the Stripe Services Agreement, as the same may be modified by Stripe from time to time.
As a condition to Indiegogo enabling credit card payment processing services through Stripe, you agree to provide Indiegogo accurate and complete information about you and your business, and you authorize Indiegogo to share any such information with Stripe, as well as transaction information related to your use of the payment processing services provided by Stripe.
In all cases, standard credit card or other third party processing fees apply in addition to any Service Fees.
We are not responsible for the performance of any third party credit card processing or third party payment services.

System Outages and Maintenance
The Services may be unavailable for scheduled maintenance and other purposes, or because of unplanned outages or other malfunctions.
We are not responsible if the Services are unavailable, or if you lose any data, information, or User Content for any reason.

Unsolicited Idea Submissions
We are always pleased to hear from our Users, and welcome their comments or suggestions.
However, ideas that you submit might be similar or even identical to a submission received by us or another User.
When we refer to a ‘submission’ in this paragraph, we mean: any submission, comment, or suggestion (including, but not limited to, ideas, products, or services, know-how, concepts, and suggested changes) sent to us via the Site or any other manner about an existing product or service on, or a feature of, or a proposed addition to, the Indiegogo platform (“
Unsolicited Idea Submission
”).
If you send us an Unsolicited Idea Submissions, you agree as follows:

All such Unsolicited Idea Submissions are non-confidential and non-proprietary and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Users should not send confidential or proprietary Unsolicited Idea Submissions to us via the Services or through other means such as email;
By submitting an Unsolicited Idea Submission, you hereby grant Indiegogo a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty- free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, sell, exploit, prepare derivative works of and display the Unsolicited Idea Submission in connection with the Services, and for Indiegogo's (and its successor's) business, including without limitation, for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Unsolicited Idea Submission (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels whether now known or hereafter developed, without payment or accounting to the User providing the Unsolicited Idea Submission or others.
and
While we appreciate your ideas, we are under no obligation to evaluate, review, or use any Unsolicited Idea Submission.

Indemnity

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Indiegogo, its subsidiaries and affiliated companies, and their officers, directors, employees, partners, contractors, representatives, agents, and third party providers from and against any and all claims, causes of action, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) and all amounts paid in settlement arising from or relating to, breach of these Terms (including, but not limited to, failure to fulfill a Perk or refund a contribution) or violation of any laws.
We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you have agreed to indemnify us and you agree to assist and cooperate with us as reasonably required in the defense or settlement of any such matters.

No Warranty
INDIEGOGO HAS NO FIDUCIARY DUTY TO ANY USER.
THE SERVICES, INDIEGOGO CONTENT, USER CONTENT, AND ANY OTHER MATERIALS MADE AVAILABLE OR THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, INDIEGOGO AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS, SPONSORS AND AGENTS, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON- INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE.
INDIEGOGO AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS, SPONSORS AND AGENTS DO NOT WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR SECURE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SERVICES OR THE SERVER(S) ON WHICH THE SERVICES ARE HOSTED, OR ANY SERVICES AVAILABLE ON ANY THIRD PARTY PLATFORM ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
NO OPINION, ADVICE OR STATEMENT OF INDIEGOGO OR ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS, SPONSORS, AGENTS, MEMBERS OR VISITORS, WHETHER MADE THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES, OR ON THIRD PARTY PLATFORMS OR OTHERWISE, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY.
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY SERVICES PROVIDED ON ANY THIRD PARTY PLATFORM, ARE ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.

Disclaimer of Liability


Use the Services at your own risk.
We make no representations about the quality, safety, morality or legality of any Campaign, Perk or Contribution or the truth or accuracy of User Content posted on the Services.
We do not guarantee the fulfillment or the performance of any Perks, or that Contributions will be used as described in the Campaign.
We do not control or endorse User Content posted on the Site or in any Services and, as such, do not guarantee in any manner the reliability, validity, accuracy or truthfulness of such User Content.
Indiegogo is not liable for any damages or losses related to your use of the Services.
We do not become involved in disputes between Users, or between Users and any third party relating to the use of the Services.


You release us from all claims.
When you use the Services, you release Indiegogo from claims, damages, and demands of every kind - known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed - arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and the Services.
All Content that you access or use through the Services is entirely at your own risk and you are solely responsible for any resulting damage or loss to any party.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES AND USER CONTENT, AND ANY CONTACT YOU HAVE WITH OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES, WHETHER IN PERSON OR ONLINE, REMAINS WITH YOU.
NEITHER INDIEGOGO NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICES WILL BE LIABLE (WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT INDIEGOGO HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE) FOR: (A) ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF GOODWILL.
(B) SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE.
(C) THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
(D) ANY DAMAGES FOR PERSONAL OR BODILY INJURY OR EMOTIONAL DISTRESS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS.
(E) THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES.
(F) ANY COMMUNICATIONS OR OTHER INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER USERS OR OTHER PERSONS WITH WHOM YOU COMMUNICATE OR INTERACT AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES.
OR (G) YOUR CAMPAIGNS OR CONTRIBUTIONS.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TOTAL, AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF INDIEGOGO AND ITS AFFILIATES AND SUBSIDIARIES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THE TERMS, SERVICES, OR USER CONTENT, OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF FEES ACTUALLY PAID TO INDIEGOGO BY YOU HEREUNDER, OR ONE HUNDRED US DOLLARS IF NO SUCH PAYMENTS HAVE BEEN MADE, AS APPLICABLE.
THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY DESCRIBED ABOVE SHALL APPLY FULLY TO RESIDENTS OF NEW JERSEY.


Disclaimer
Indiegogo does not offer investment advice or analysis, nor does it endorse or recommend investments in any company or the suitability of an investment for any particular investor.
Indiegogo is not registered as a broker-dealer or financial or investment advisor and does not provide any services requiring such registration.
Indiegogo makes no representation or warrant as to the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of information found anywhere on its website.
Any opinions or forecasts expressed herein are only Indiegogo’s and are not intended as investment advice and are subject to change without notice.
Information on any of Indiegogo’s websites associated with an issuer offering securities (the “
Indiegogo Equity Pages
”) are not a solicitation of an offer to buy or an offer to sell any security.
Please be aware that Indiegogo receives fees from companies posted on our website at https://equity.indiegogo.com/ and https://ico.indiegogo.com (“
Equity Offering Pages
”).
Indiegogo receives a standard flat fee as compensation for advertising and marketing and such compensation is not based on the success or size of each company’s offering on the Equity Offering Pages.
The compensation shall be due to Indiegogo whether a company’s raise is successful or not.
Indiegogo may choose to compensate outside sources to help market Indiegogo’s business and to receive introductions to possible issuers.
Compensation to such parties will not be based on the success or size of any transaction.
Fees are not based directly or indirectly, on the purchase or sale of a security offered on or through any of the Indiegogo Equity Pages.
The posting of information on any of the Indiegogo Equity Pages regarding any company should not be construed as an endorsement or recommendation of that company for any purpose whatsoever.
Information posed on any of the Indiegogo Equity Pages does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular investor, and each investor should consider whether any investment opportunity is appropriate given their investment objectives and current financial circumstances.
Any person considering any investment whatsoever is encouraged to consult with their own investment or financial advisor, tax advisor and/or attorney beforehand.
All investments entail risk.
The companies on the Indiegogo Equity Pages are generally small or early stage companies and are subject to risks inherent in investing in any small or early stage company, as well as other risks specific to their business and operations.
In addition, securities of these companies may be highly illiquid, requiring that they be held for an indefinite period of time or have a limited market for resale.
Therefore, no one should invest in any of these companies unless they have no need for liquidity of their investment and can sustain a total loss of their investment.
You should only invest an amount of money that you can afford to lose without changing your lifestyle.
You should thoroughly review the complete offering materials for any investment opportunity, particularly all risk factors, prior to investing in any offering and become familiar with the investor requirements, investment limits and your ability to resell the investment.
By accessing any part of our website, including the Indiegogo Equity Pages, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Copyright © 2018 Indiegogo, Inc.
All rights reserved
Waiver and Release (for CA Residents)
For Users in a jurisdiction that requires a specific statement regarding waiver and release then the following applies.
For example, California residents must, as a condition of this Agreement, waive the applicability of California Civil Code Section 1542 for unknown claims which states: "A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR." You waive this section of the California Civil Code and any similar provision in law, regulation or code that has the same effect or intent as the foregoing release.
Legal Disputes Not Subject to Arbitration Will Be Handled In San Francisco, CA and Subject to California Law.
Indiegogo is in based in San Francisco, California, so for any actions not subject to arbitration, you and Indiegogo agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of a state court located in San Francisco, CA or the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.
The Terms and the relationship between you and Indiegogo shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Dispute Resolution, Arbitration and Class Action Waiver

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY.
IT AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT.

We encourage you to contact us if you have an issue, as most issues can be resolved without the involvement of a court or arbitrator.
If negotiations do not resolve any disputes relating to your use of Indiegogo or these Terms, you and we agree to submit the dispute to arbitration.
The only exceptions to arbitration are (1) for intellectual property claims alleging misuse, Infringement, or misappropriation of intellectual property.
(2) for claims falling within the jurisdiction of small claims court.
and (3) where you have opted out of arbitration in accordance with these Terms.

This arbitration must be administered by JAMS under the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules &amp.
Procedures.
Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court with jurisdiction.
Arbitrations may only take place on an individual basis.
No class arbitrations or other grouping of parties is allowed.
By agreeing to these terms you are waiving your right to trial by jury or to participate in a class action or representative proceeding.
we are also waiving these rights.
 If this prohibition of class arbitrations or other grouping of parties is deemed unenforceable, then this entire “Dispute Resolution, Arbitration and Class Action Waiver” shall be deemed void and severed from the Terms. We follow the JAMS Policy on Consumer Arbitrations Pursuant to Pre-Dispute Clauses Minimum Standards of Procedural Fairness for all arbitrations done under these terms.
Among other things, this means that if you initiate an arbitration against us, you will be required to pay a $250 filing fee, and Indiegogo will pay for the other fees, including arbitrator fees.
You are responsible for your own attorneys' fees unless the arbitration rules and/or applicable law provide otherwise.
It also means that the arbitration will be held in the county in which you live, or any other location we agree upon.
If you do not live in the United States, however, you agree to initiate arbitration in San Francisco, California.
If any portion of these terms do not follow that standard, that portion is severed from these terms.
To file an arbitration, you must: (a) submit a Demand for Arbitration and $250 in filing fees to JAMS.
and (b) send one copy of the Demand for Arbitration to Indiegogo at 965 Mission St, 7th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103, ATTN: Legal Department.

You can opt-out of the arbitration and class action waiver provisions set forth above by sending an email (from your registered email address on Indiegogo) letting us know that you are opting out by contacting us with the subject line, "ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER OPT-OUT" within thirty (30) days of your first use of the Site, or the Effective Date of the first Terms of Use containing an arbitration and class action waiver provision, whichever is later.
Otherwise, you agree to arbitrate.
If you opt-out of the arbitration and class action waiver provisions set forth above, we will not be subject to them either with respect to any disputes with you.
Indiegogo will provide thirty (30) days' notice of any changes to this section by updating these Terms, sending you a message, or otherwise notifying you when you are logged into your account.
Amendments will become effective thirty (30) days after they are posted the Site or sent to you.
Changes to this section will otherwise apply prospectively only to claims arising after the thirtieth (30th) day.
If a court or arbitrator decides that this paragraph is not enforceable or valid, then this subsection shall be severed from the section entitled “Dispute Resolution, Arbitration and Class Action Waiver,” and the court or arbitrator shall apply the first Arbitration and Class Action Waiver section in existence after you began using the Services.


This “Dispute Resolution, Arbitration and Class Action Waiver” section shall survive any termination of your account, these Terms, or the Services.
Definitions

"
Campaign Owners
" are those Users who raise funds through the Site and Services.

"
Campaigns
" are Campaign Owners’ fundraising campaigns through the Services;
“
Content
” refers to all software, technology, designs, materials, information, communications, text, graphics, links, electronic art, animations, illustrations, artwork, audio clips, video clips, photos, images, reviews, ideas, and other data or copyrightable materials or content, including the selection and arrangements thereof offered through the Services.

"
Contributors
" refers to those Users contributing funds to Campaigns;
"
Contributions
" refers to funds donated to Campaigns by Contributors.

“
DMCA”
 refers to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, including any amendments.

“
Indiegogo,
” “
we,
” ”
our
” or “
us
” refers to Indiegogo, Inc., a Delaware corporation, together with its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, consultants, employees, officers, and directors;
“
Indiegogo Content
” refers to Content provided by Indiegogo to Users in connection with the Services, including, without limitation, the software, the products and the site;
“
Infringement
” refers to the unauthorized or not permitted use of copyrighted material or other intellectual property rights;
“
Marks
” refers to the trademarks, service marks, and logos used and displayed throughout the Services or in any or in any Indiegogo Content;
“
Perks
” refers to the gifts or rewards in the form of tangible items or intangible services offered by Campaign Owners to Contributors;
“
PII
” refers to personally-identifiable information, as that term is defined under all applicable law.

“
Privacy Policy
” refers to Indiegogo’s privacy policy, found at https://learn.indiegogo.com/privacy-policy-en/ and incorporated herein by reference;
“
Services
” refers to the Site, mobile applications or connected applications, other offerings and services provided on the Site;
“
Site
” refers to the Indiegogo website(s);
“
Terms
” or “
Terms of Use
” refers the Terms of Use, Indiegogo’s Privacy Policy, all applicable laws, and all conditions or policies referenced here;
"
User,
” “
you,
” or “
your
” refers to Campaign Owners, Contributors or any other visitor to the Site or users of the Services, either individually or collectively;
“
User Content
” refers to Content uploaded, transmitted or posted to the Services by a User, including User Content in a Campaign.


Full Agreement Between You and Us
These Terms are the entire agreement between You and Indiegogo with respect to the Services.
They supersede all other communications and proposals (whether oral, written, or electronic) between you and Indiegogo with respect to the Services and govern our relationship.
If any provision of these Terms are deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.
Indiegogo's failure to assert any right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

Miscellaneous
We may modify or discontinue the Services at any time, in our sole discretion.
You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in these Terms, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to these Terms.
No waiver of any provision of these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Indiegogo’s failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim arising out of or related to the Services must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues.
Otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this statute of limitations shall not apply to residents of New Jersey.
 Explore What We Do Funding Marketplace Investing GoFundMe About About Us Blog Trust &amp.
Safety Help &amp.
Support Press Careers Contact Entrepreneurs How It Works Indiegogo vs.
Kickstarter Education Center Experts Directory Fees Enterprise Find it first on Indiegogo Discover new and clever products in the Indiegogo newsletter Terms of Use Privacy policy Cookie policy © 2018 Indiegogo, Inc.
All Rights Reserved &lt;iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TPSR7C" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt.
&lt;div style="display:inline;"&gt.
&lt;img height="1" width="1" style="border-style:none;" alt="" src="//googleads.g.doubleclick.net/pagead/viewthroughconversion/1008738018/?value=0&amp;amp;label=pah0CP6GwQQQ4r2A4QM&amp;amp;guid=ON&amp;amp;script=0"/&gt.
&lt;/div&gt.
&lt;img height="1" width="1" style="display:none" src="https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=1701453563448240&amp;amp;ev=BrowserLanguage&amp;amp;cd[language_id]= en-US&amp;amp;noscript=1"&gt.
