 Data Policy This policy describes the information we process to support Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and other products and features offered by Facebook (Facebook Products or Products).
You can find additional tools and information in the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.
I.
What kinds of information do we collect? To provide the Facebook Products, we must process information about you.
The types of information we collect depend on how you use our Products.
You can learn how to access and delete information we collect by visiting the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.

Things you and others do and provide


Information and content you provide. We collect the content, communications and other information you provide when you use our Products, including when you sign up for an account, create or share content, and message or communicate with others.
This can include information in or about the content you provide (like metadata), such as the location of a photo or the date a file was created.
It can also include what you see through features we provide, such as our camera, so we can do things like suggest masks and filters that you might like, or give you tips on using camera formats.
Our systems automatically process content and communications you and others provide to analyze context and what's in them for the purposes described below.
Learn more about how you can control who can see the things you share.

Data with special protections: You can choose to provide information in your Facebook profile fields or Life Events about your religious views, political views, who you are "interested in," or your health.
This and other information (such as racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership) could be subject to special protections under the laws of your country.



Networks and connections. We collect information about the people, Pages, accounts, hashtags and groups you are connected to and how you interact with them across our Products, such as people you communicate with the most or groups you are part of.
We also collect contact information if you choose to upload, sync or import it from a device (such as an address book or call log or SMS log history), which we use for things like helping you and others find people you may know and for the other purposes listed below.

Your usage. We collect information about how you use our Products, such as the types of content you view or engage with.
the features you use.
the actions you take.
the people or accounts you interact with.
and the time, frequency and duration of your activities.
For example, we log when you're using and have last used our Products, and what posts, videos and other content you view on our Products.
We also collect information about how you use features like our camera.

Information about transactions made on our Products. If you use our Products for purchases or other financial transactions (such as when you make a purchase in a game or make a donation), we collect information about the purchase or transaction.
This includes payment information, such as your credit or debit card number and other card information.
other account and authentication information.
and billing, shipping and contact details.

Things others do and information they provide about you. We also receive and analyze content, communications and information that other people provide when they use our Products.
This can include information about you, such as when others share or comment on a photo of you, send a message to you, or upload, sync or import your contact information.


Device InformationAs described below, we collect information from and about the computers, phones, connected TVs and other web-connected devices you use that integrate with our Products, and we combine this information across different devices you use.
For example, we use information collected about your use of our Products on your phone to better personalize the content (including ads) or features you see when you use our Products on another device, such as your laptop or tablet, or to measure whether you took an action in response to an ad we showed you on your phone on a different device.Information we obtain from these devices includes: 

Device attributes: information such as the operating system, hardware and software versions, battery level, signal strength, available storage space, browser type, app and file names and types, and plugins.

Device operations: information about operations and behaviors performed on the device, such as whether a window is foregrounded or backgrounded, or mouse movements (which can help distinguish humans from bots).

Identifiers: unique identifiers, device IDs, and other identifiers, such as from games, apps or accounts you use, and Family Device IDs (or other identifiers unique to Facebook Company Products associated with the same device or account).

Device signals: Bluetooth signals, and information about nearby Wi-Fi access points, beacons, and cell towers.

Data from device settings: information you allow us to receive through device settings you turn on, such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos.

Network and connections: information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, language, time zone, mobile phone number, IP address, connection speed and, in some cases, information about other devices that are nearby or on your network, so we can do things like help you stream a video from your phone to your TV.

Cookie data: data from cookies stored on your device, including cookie IDs and settings.
Learn more about how we use cookies in the Facebook Cookies Policy and Instagram Cookies Policy.


Information from partnersAdvertisers, app developers, and publishers can send us information through Facebook Business Tools they use, including our social plug-ins (such as the Like button), Facebook Login, our APIs and SDKs, or the Facebook pixel.
These partners provide information about your activities off Facebook—including information about your device, websites you visit, purchases you make, the ads you see, and how you use their services—whether or not you have a Facebook account or are logged into Facebook.
For example, a game developer could use our API to tell us what games you play, or a business could tell us about a purchase you made in its store.
We also receive information about your online and offline actions and purchases from third-party data providers who have the rights to provide us with your information.Partners receive your data when you visit or use their services or through third parties they work with.
We require each of these partners to have lawful rights to collect, use and share your data before providing any data to us.
Learn more about the types of partners we receive data from.To learn more about how we use cookies in connection with Facebook Business Tools, review the Facebook Cookies Policy and Instagram Cookies Policy.


II.
How do we use this information?We use the information we have (subject to choices you make) as described below and to provide and support the Facebook Products and related services described in the Facebook Terms and Instagram Terms.
Here's how: 
Provide, personalize and improve our Products. We use the information we have to deliver our Products, including to personalize features and content (including your News Feed, Instagram Feed, Instagram Stories and ads) and make suggestions for you (such as groups or events you may be interested in or topics you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
To create personalized Products that are unique and relevant to you, we use your connections, preferences, interests and activities based on the data we collect and learn from you and others (including any data with special protections you choose to provide).
how you use and interact with our Products.
and the people, places, or things you're connected to and interested in on and off our Products.
Learn more about how we use information about you to personalize your Facebook and Instagram experience, including features, content and recommendations in Facebook Products.
you can also learn more about how we choose the ads that you see.


Information across Facebook Products and devices: We connect information about your activities on different Facebook Products and devices to provide a more tailored and consistent experience on all Facebook Products you use, wherever you use them.
For example, we can suggest that you join a group on Facebook that includes people you follow on Instagram or communicate with using Messenger.
We can also make your experience more seamless, for example, by automatically filling in your registration information (such as your phone number) from one Facebook Product when you sign up for an account on a different Product.

Location-related information: We use location-related information-such as your current location, where you live, the places you like to go, and the businesses and people you're near-to provide, personalize and improve our Products, including ads, for you and others.
Location-related information can be based on things like precise device location (if you've allowed us to collect it), IP addresses, and information from your and others' use of Facebook Products (such as check-ins or events you attend).

Product research and development: We use the information we have to develop, test and improve our Products, including by conducting surveys and research, and testing and troubleshooting new products and features.

Face recognition: If you have it turned on, we use face recognition technology to recognize you in photos, videos and camera experiences.
The face-recognition templates we create may constitute data with special protections under the laws of your country.
Learn more about how we use face recognition technology, or control our use of this technology in Facebook Settings.
If we introduce face-recognition technology to your Instagram experience, we will let you know first, and you will have control over whether we use this technology for you.

Ads and other sponsored content: We use the information we have about you-including information about your interests, actions and connections-to select and personalize ads, offers and other sponsored content that we show you.
Learn more about how we select and personalize ads, and your choices over the data we use to select ads and other sponsored content for you in the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.


Provide measurement, analytics, and other business services.We use the information we have (including your activity off our Products, such as the websites you visit and ads you see) to help advertisers and other partners measure the effectiveness and distribution of their ads and services, and understand the types of people who use their services and how people interact with their websites, apps, and services.
Learn how we share information with these partners.
Promote safety, integrity and security.We use the information we have to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety and security on and off of Facebook Products.
For example, we use data we have to investigate suspicious activity or violations of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Communicate with you.We use the information we have to send you marketing communications, communicate with you about our Products, and let you know about our policies and terms.
We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
Research and innovate for social good.We use the information we have to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyze information we have about migration patterns during crises to aid relief efforts.
Learn more about our research programs.


III.
How is this information shared?Your information is shared with others in the following ways:Sharing on Facebook Products

People and accounts you share and communicate withWhen you share and communicate using our Products, you choose the audience for what you share.
For example, when you post on Facebook, you select the audience for the post, such as a group, all of your friends, the public, or a customized list of people.
Similarly, when you use Messenger or Instagram to communicate with people or businesses, those people and businesses can see the content you send.
Your network can also see actions you have taken on our Products, including engagement with ads and sponsored content.
We also let other accounts see who has viewed their Facebook or Instagram Stories.Public information can be seen by anyone, on or off our Products, including if they don't have an account.
This includes your Instagram username.
any information you share with a public audience.
information in your public profile on Facebook.
and content you share on a Facebook Page, public Instagram account or any other public forum, such as Facebook Marketplace.
You, other people using Facebook and Instagram, and we can provide access to or send public information to anyone on or off our Products, including in other Facebook Company Products, in search results, or through tools and APIs.
Public information can also be seen, accessed, reshared or downloaded through third-party services such as search engines, APIs, and offline media such as TV, and by apps, websites and other services that integrate with our Products.Learn more about what information is public and how to control your visibility on Facebook and Instagram.Content others share or reshare about youYou should consider who you choose to share with, because people who can see your activity on our Products can choose to share it with others on and off our Products, including people and businesses outside the audience you shared with.
For example, when you share a post or send a message to specific friends or accounts, they can download, screenshot, or reshare that content to others across or off our Products, in person or in virtual reality experiences such as Facebook Spaces.
Also, when you comment on someone else's post or react to their content, your comment or reaction is visible to anyone who can see the other person's content, and that person can change the audience later.People can also use our Products to create and share content about you with the audience they choose.
For example, people can share a photo of you in a Story, mention or tag you at a location in a post, or share information about you in their posts or messages.
If you are uncomfortable with what others have shared about you on our Products, you can learn how to report the content.Information about your active status or presence on our Products.People in your networks can see signals telling them whether you are active on our Products, including whether you are currently active on Instagram, Messenger or Facebook, or when you last used our Products.Apps, websites, and third-party integrations on or using our Products.When you choose to use third-party apps, websites, or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Products, they can receive information about what you post or share.
For example, when you play a game with your Facebook friends or use a Facebook Comment or Share button on a website, the game developer or website can receive information about your activities in the game or receive a comment or link that you share from the website on Facebook.
Also, when you download or use such third-party services, they can access your public profile on Facebook, and any information that you share with them.
Apps and websites you use may receive your list of Facebook friends if you choose to share it with them.
But apps and websites you use will not be able to receive any other information about your Facebook friends from you, or information about any of your Instagram followers (although your friends and followers may, of course, choose to share this information themselves).
Information collected by these third-party services is subject to their own terms and policies, not this one.Devices and operating systems providing native versions of Facebook and Instagram (i.e.
where we have not developed our own first-party apps) will have access to all information you choose to share with them, including information your friends share with you, so they can provide our core functionality to you.Note: We are in the process of restricting developers’ data access even further to help prevent abuse.
For example, we will remove developers' access to your Facebook and Instagram data if you haven't used their app in 3 months, and we are changing Login, so that in the next version, we will reduce the data that an app can request without app review to include only name, Instagram username and bio, profile photo and email address.
Requesting any other data will require our approval.
New owner.If the ownership or control of all or part of our Products or their assets changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner.

Sharing with Third-Party Partners
We work with third-party partners who help us provide and improve our Products or who use Facebook Business Tools to grow their businesses, which makes it possible to operate our companies and provide free services to people around the world.
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will.
We also impose strict restrictions on how our partners can use and disclose the data we provide.
Here are the types of third parties we share information with:Partners who use our analytics services.We provide aggregated statistics and insights that help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with their posts, listings, Pages, videos and other content on and off the Facebook Products.
For example, Page admins and Instagram business profiles receive information about the number of people or accounts who viewed, reacted to, or commented on their posts, as well as aggregate demographic and other information that helps them understand interactions with their Page or account.Advertisers.We provide advertisers with reports about the kinds of people seeing their ads and how their ads are performing, but we don't share information that personally identifies you (information such as your name or email address that by itself can be used to contact you or identifies who you are) unless you give us permission.
For example, we provide general demographic and interest information to advertisers (for example, that an ad was seen by a woman between the ages of 25 and 34 who lives in Madrid and likes software engineering) to help them better understand their audience.
We also confirm which Facebook ads led you to make a purchase or take an action with an advertiser.Measurement partners.We share information about you with companies that aggregate it to provide analytics and measurement reports to our partners.Partners offering goods and services in our Products.When you subscribe to receive premium content, or buy something from a seller in our Products, the content creator or seller can receive your public information and other information you share with them, as well as the information needed to complete the transaction, including shipping and contact details.Vendors and service providers.We provide information and content to vendors and service providers who support our business, such as by providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Products are used, providing customer service, facilitating payments or conducting surveys.Researchers and academics.We also provide information and content to research partners and academics to conduct research that advances scholarship and innovation that support our business or mission, and enhances discovery and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.Law enforcement or legal requestsWe share information with law enforcement or in response to legal requests in the circumstances outlined below.Learn more about how you can control the information about you that you or others share with third-party partners in the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.


IV.
How do the Facebook Companies work together?Facebook and Instagram share infrastructure, systems and technology with other Facebook Companies (which include WhatsApp and Oculus) to provide an innovative, relevant, consistent and safe experience across all Facebook Company Products you use.
We also process information about you across the Facebook Companies for these purposes, as permitted by applicable law and in accordance with their terms and policies.
For example, we process information from WhatsApp about accounts sending spam on its service so we can take appropriate action against those accounts on Facebook, Instagram or Messenger.
We also work to understand how people use and interact with Facebook Company Products, such as understanding the number of unique users on different Facebook Company Products.

V.
How can I manage information about me?We provide you with the ability to access, rectify, port and erase your data.
Learn more in your Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.We store data until it is no longer necessary to provide our services and Facebook Products, or until your account is deleted - whichever comes first.
This is a case-by-case determination that depends on things like the nature of the data, why it is collected and processed, and relevant legal or operational retention needs.
For example, when you search for something on Facebook, you can access and delete that query from within your search history at any time, but the log of that search is deleted after 6 months.
If you submit a copy of your government-issued ID for account verification purposes, we delete that copy 30 days after submission.
Learn more about deletion of content you have shared and cookie data obtained through social plugins.When you delete your account, we delete things you have posted, such as your photos and status updates, and you won't be able to recover that information later.
Information that others have shared about you isn't part of your account and won't be deleted.
If you don't want to delete your account but want to temporarily stop using the Products, you can deactivate your account instead.
To delete your account at any time, please visit the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.

VI.
How do we respond to legal requests or prevent harm? We access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others: 
In response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so.
This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States when we have a good-faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.
When we have a good-faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of the Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.
to protect ourselves (including our rights, property or Products), you or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries.
or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
For example, if relevant, we provide information to and receive information from third-party partners about the reliability of your account to prevent fraud, abuse and other harmful activity on and off our Products.
 Information we receive about you (including financial transaction data related to purchases made with Facebook) can be accessed and preserved for an extended period when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations of possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
We also retain information from accounts disabled for terms violations for at least a year to prevent repeat abuse or other term violations.


VII.
How do we operate and transfer data as part of our global services? We share information globally, both internally within the Facebook Companies, and externally with our partners and with those you connect and share with around the world in accordance with this policy.
Your information may, for example, be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in the United States or other countries outside of where you live for the purposes as described in this policy.
These data transfers are necessary to provide the services set forth in the Facebook Terms and Instagram Terms and to globally operate and provide our Products to you.
We utilize standard contract clauses, rely on the European Commission's adequacy decisions about certain countries, as applicable, and obtain your consent for these data transfers to the United States and other countries.


VIII.
How will we notify you of changes to this policy?We'll notify you before we make changes to this policy and give you the opportunity to review the revised policy before you choose to continue using our Products.


IX.
How to contact Facebook with questions You can learn more about how privacy works on Facebook and on Instagram.
If you have questions about this policy, you can contact us as described below.
We may resolve disputes you have with us in connection with our privacy policies and practices through TrustArc.
You can contact TrustArc through its website.
You can contact us online or by mail at: 
 Facebook, Inc. ATTN: Privacy Operations 1601 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 94025  Date of Last Revision: April 19, 2018 
 Terms of Use Welcome to Instagram! 
 These Terms of Use govern your use of Instagram and provide information about the Instagram Service, outlined below.
When you create an Instagram account or use Instagram, you agree to these terms.

 The Instagram Service is one of the Facebook Products, provided to you by Facebook, Inc.
These Terms of Use therefore constitute an agreement between you and Facebook, Inc.


ARBITRATION NOTICE: YOU AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.
WE EXPLAIN SOME EXCEPTIONS AND HOW YOU CAN OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION BELOW.


The Instagram Service
We agree to provide you with the Instagram Service.
The Service includes all of the Instagram products, features, applications, services, technologies, and software that we provide to advance Instagram's mission: To bring you closer to the people and things you love.
The Service is made up of the following aspects (the Service):


Offering personalized opportunities to create, connect, communicate, discover, and share.
 People are different.
We want to strengthen your relationships through shared experiences you actually care about.
So we build systems that try to understand who and what you and others care about, and use that information to help you create, find, join, and share in experiences that matter to you.
Part of that is highlighting content, features, offers, and accounts you might be interested in, and offering ways for you to experience Instagram, based on things you and others do on and off Instagram.

Fostering a positive, inclusive, and safe environment.
 We develop and use tools and offer resources to our community members that help to make their experiences positive and inclusive, including when we think they might need help.
We also have teams and systems that work to combat abuse and violations of our Terms and policies, as well as harmful and deceptive behavior.
We use all the information we have-including your information-to try to keep our platform secure.
We also may share information about misuse or harmful content with other Facebook Companies or law enforcement.
Learn more in the Data Policy.

Developing and using technologies that help us consistently serve our growing community.
 Organizing and analyzing information for our growing community is central to our Service.
A big part of our Service is creating and using cutting-edge technologies that help us personalize, protect, and improve our Service on an incredibly large scale for a broad global community.
Technologies like artificial intelligence and machine learning give us the power to apply complex processes across our Service.
Automated technologies also help us ensure the functionality and integrity of our Service.

Providing consistent and seamless experiences across other Facebook Company Products.
 Instagram is part of the Facebook Companies, which share technology, systems, insights, and information-including the information we have about you (learn more in the Data Policy) in order to provide services that are better, safer, and more secure.
We also provide ways to interact across the Facebook Company Products that you use, and designed systems to achieve a seamless and consistent experience across the Facebook Company Products.

Ensuring a stable global infrastructure for our Service.
 To provide our global Service, we must store and transfer data across our systems around the world, including outside of your country of residence.
This infrastructure may be owned or operated by Facebook Inc., Facebook Ireland Limited, or their affiliates.

Connecting you with brands, products, and services in ways you care about.
 We use data from Instagram and other Facebook Company Products, as well as from third-party partners, to show you ads, offers, and other sponsored content that we believe will be meaningful to you.
And we try to make that content as relevant as all your other experiences on Instagram.

Research and innovation.
 We use the information we have to study our Service and collaborate with others on research to make our Service better and contribute to the well-being of our community.


The Data Policy
Providing our Service requires collecting and using your information.
The Data Policy explains how we collect, use, and share information across the Facebook Products.
It also explains the many ways you can control your information, including in the Instagram Privacy and Security Settings.
You must agree to the Data Policy to use Instagram.

Your Commitments In return for our commitment to provide the Service, we require you to make the below commitments to us.


Who Can Use Instagram. We want our Service to be as open and inclusive as possible, but we also want it to be safe, secure, and in accordance with the law.
So, we need you to commit to a few restrictions in order to be part of the Instagram community.

You must be at least 13 years old.
You must not be prohibited from receiving any aspect of our Service under applicable laws or engaging in payments related Services if you are on an applicable denied party listing.
We must not have previously disabled your account for violation of law or any of our policies.
You must not be a convicted sex offender.



How You Can't Use Instagram. Providing a safe and open Service for a broad community requires that we all do our part.


You can't impersonate others or provide inaccurate information.
 You don't have to disclose your identity on Instagram, but you must provide us with accurate and up to date information (including registration information).
Also, you may not impersonate someone you aren't, and you can't create an account for someone else unless you have their express permission.

You can't do anything unlawful, misleading, or fraudulent or for an illegal or unauthorized purpose.


You can't violate (or help or encourage others to violate) these Terms or our policies, including in particular the Instagram Community Guidelines, Instagram Platform Policy, and Music Guidelines. Learn how to report conduct or content in our Help Center.

You can't do anything to interfere with or impair the intended operation of the Service.


You can't attempt to create accounts or access or collect information in unauthorized ways.
 This includes creating accounts or collecting information in an automated way without our express permission.

You can't attempt to buy, sell, or transfer any aspect of your account (including your username) or solicit, collect, or use login credentials or badges of other users.


You can't post private or confidential information or do anything that violates someone else's rights, including intellectual property.
 Learn more, including how to report content that you think infringes your intellectual property rights, here.

You can't use a domain name or URL in your username without our prior written consent.


Permissions You Give to Us. As part of our agreement, you also give us permissions that we need to provide the Service.


We do not claim ownership of your content, but you grant us a license to use it.
 Nothing is changing about your rights in your content.
We do not claim ownership of your content that you post on or through the Service.
Instead, when you share, post, or upload content that is covered by intellectual property rights (like photos or videos) on or in connection with our Service, you hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate, and create derivative works of your content (consistent with your privacy and application settings).
You can end this license anytime by deleting your content or account.
However, content will continue to appear if you shared it with others and they have not deleted it.
To learn more about how we use information, and how to control or delete your content, review the Data Policy and visit the Instagram Help Center.

Permission to use your username, profile picture, and information about your relationships and actions with accounts, ads, and sponsored content.
 You give us permission to show your username, profile picture, and information about your actions (such as likes) or relationships (such as follows) next to or in connection with accounts, ads, offers, and other sponsored content that you follow or engage with that are displayed on Facebook Products, without any compensation to you.
For example, we may show that you liked a sponsored post created by a brand that has paid us to display its ads on Instagram.
As with actions on other content and follows of other accounts, actions on sponsored content and follows of sponsored accounts can be seen only by people who have permission to see that content or follow.
We will also respect your ad settings.
You can learn more here about your ad settings.

You agree that we can download and install updates to the Service on your device.



Additional Rights We Retain

If you select a username or similar identifier for your account, we may change it if we believe it is appropriate or necessary (for example, if it infringes someone's intellectual property or impersonates another user).
If you use content covered by intellectual property rights that we have and make available in our Service (for example, images, designs, videos, or sounds we provide that you add to content you create or share), we retain all rights to our content (but not yours).
You can only use our intellectual property and trademarks or similar marks as expressly permitted by our Brand Guidelines or with our prior written permission.
You must obtain written permission from us or under an open source license to modify, create derivative works of, decompile, or otherwise attempt to extract source code from us.


Content Removal and Disabling or Terminating Your Account

We can remove any content or information you share on the Service if we believe that it violates these Terms of Use, our policies (including our Instagram Community Guidelines), or we are permitted or required to do so by law.
We can refuse to provide or stop providing all or part of the Service to you (including terminating or disabling your account) immediately to protect our community or services, or if you create risk or legal exposure for us, violate these Terms of Use or our policies (including our Instagram Community Guidelines), if you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights, or where we are permitted or required to do so by law.
If you believe your account has been terminated in error, or you want to disable or permanently delete your account, consult our Help Center.
Content you delete may persist for a limited period of time in backup copies and will still be visible where others have shared it.
This paragraph, and the section below called "Our Agreement and What Happens if We Disagree," will still apply even after your account is terminated or deleted.


Our Agreement and What Happens if We Disagree
Our Agreement.

Your use of music on the Service is also subject to our Music Guidelines, and your use of our API is subject to our Platform Policy.
If you use certain other features or related services, you will be provided with an opportunity to agree to additional terms that will also become a part of our agreement.
For example, if you use payment features, you will be asked to agree to the Community Payment Terms.
If any of those terms conflict with this agreement, those other terms will govern.
If any aspect of this agreement is unenforceable, the rest will remain in effect.
Any amendment or waiver to our agreement must be in writing and signed by us.
If we fail to enforce any aspect of this agreement, it will not be a waiver.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.

Who Has Rights Under this Agreement.

This agreement does not give rights to any third parties.
You cannot transfer your rights or obligations under this agreement without our consent.
Our rights and obligations can be assigned to others.
For example, this could occur if our ownership changes (as in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets) or by law.

Who Is Responsible if Something Happens.

Our Service is provided "as is," and we can't guarantee it will be safe and secure or will work perfectly all the time.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE ALSO DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
We also don’t control what people and others do or say, and we aren’t responsible for their (or your) actions or conduct (whether online or offline) or content (including unlawful or objectionable content).
We also aren’t responsible for services and features offered by other people or companies, even if you access them through our Service.
Our responsibility for anything that happens on the Service (also called "liability") is limited as much as the law will allow.
If there is an issue with our Service, we can't know what all the possible impacts might be.
You agree that we won't be responsible ("liable") for any lost profits, revenues, information, or data, or consequential, special, indirect, exemplary, punitive, or incidental damages arising out of or related to these Terms, even if we know they are possible.
This includes when we delete your content, information, or account.
Our aggregate liability arising out of or relating to these Terms will not exceed the greater of $100 or the amount you have paid us in the past twelve months.
You agree to defend (at our request), indemnify and hold us harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with these Terms or your use of the Service.
You will cooperate as required by us in the defense of any claim.
We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, and you will not in any event settle any claim without our prior written consent.

How We Will Handle Disputes.

Except as provided below, you and we agree that any cause of action, legal claim, or dispute between you and us arising out of or related to these Terms or Instagram ("claim(s)") must be resolved by arbitration on an individual basis.
Class actions and class arbitrations are not permitted.
you and we may bring a claim only on your own behalf and cannot seek relief that would affect other Instagram users.
If there is a final judicial determination that any particular claim (or a request for particular relief) cannot be arbitrated in accordance with this provision's limitations, then only that claim (or only that request for relief) may be brought in court.
All other claims (or requests for relief) remain subject to this provision.
Instead of using arbitration, you or we can bring claims in your local "small claims" court, if the rules of that court will allow it.
If you don't bring your claims in small claims court (or if you or we appeal a small claims court judgment to a court of general jurisdiction), then the claims must be resolved by binding, individual arbitration.
The American Arbitration Association will administer all arbitrations under its Consumer Arbitration Rules.
You and we expressly waive a trial by jury.

 The following claims don't have to be arbitrated and may be brought in court: disputes related to intellectual property (like copyrights and trademarks), violations of our Platform Policy, or efforts to interfere with the Service or engage with the Service in unauthorized ways (for example, automated ways).
In addition, issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the arbitration provision are for a court to decide.

 This arbitration provision is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act.

 You can opt out of this provision within 30 days of the date that you agreed to these Terms.
To opt out, you must send your name, residence address, username, email address or phone number you use for your Instagram account, and a clear statement that you want to opt out of this arbitration agreement, and you must send them here: Facebook, Inc.
ATTN: Instagram Arbitration Opt-out, 1601 Willow Rd., Menlo Park, CA 94025.
Before you commence arbitration of a claim, you must provide us with a written Notice of Dispute that includes your name, residence address, username, email address or phone number you use for your Instagram account, a detailed description of the dispute, and the relief you seek.
Any Notice of Dispute you send to us should be mailed to Facebook, Inc., ATTN: Instagram Arbitration Filing, 1601 Willow Rd.
Menlo Park, CA 94025.
Before we commence arbitration, we will send you a Notice of Dispute to the email address you use with your Instagram account, or other appropriate means.
If we are unable to resolve a dispute within thirty (30) days after the Notice of Dispute is received, you or we may commence arbitration.
We will pay all arbitration filing fees, administration and hearing costs, and arbitrator fees for any arbitration we bring or if your claims seek less than $75,000 and you timely provided us with a Notice of Dispute.
For all other claims, the costs and fees of arbitration shall be allocated in accordance with the arbitration provider's rules, including rules regarding frivolous or improper claims.
For any claim that is not arbitrated or resolved in small claims court, you agree that it will be resolved exclusively in the U.S.
District Court for the Northern District of California or a state court located in San Mateo County.
You also agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of either of these courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim.
The laws of the State of California, to the extent not preempted by or inconsistent with federal law, will govern these Terms and any claim, without regard to conflict of law provisions.

Unsolicited Material.
 We always appreciate feedback or other suggestions, but may use them without any restrictions or obligation to compensate you for them, and are under no obligation to keep them confidential.


Updating These Terms We may change our Service and policies, and we may need to make changes to these Terms so that they accurately reflect our Service and policies.
Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you (for example, through our Service) before we make changes to these Terms and give you an opportunity to review them before they go into effect.
Then, if you continue to use the Service, you will be bound by the updated Terms.
If you do not want to agree to these or any updated Terms, you can delete your account, here.
 Revised: April 19, 2018 
