 ISODME TERMS OF SERVICE  PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT DETAILS IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES.
Last Revised: 2019-04-15 13:43 EDT 
BY USING OUR SITE OR OUR SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING:

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Affiliate Program Terms
 NOTICE: OUR IN-HOUSE SERVERS ARE LOCATED IN AMERICAN DATA CENTER IN MASSACHUSETTS, USA.
IF YOU LIVE IN A COUNTRY THAT REQUIRES DATA LOCALIZATION, KINDLY CONSIDER ANOTHER WEBSITE HOSTING PROGRAM THAT ABIDES BY YOUR JURISDICTION'S RULES.
1.
OVERVIEW  This Universal Terms of Service Agreement (this “Agreement”) is entered between you and ISODME, a D.B.A.
partnership registered in the United States of America, and is made effective as
of the date of your use of this website ("Site") or the date of electronic acceptance.
This Agreement sets forth the final terms and conditions of your use of the site and the products and services accessed through this website (individually and jointly, the “Services”),
and is in addition to (not in lieu of) any specific terms and conditions that apply to the actual Services.
Whether you're merely browsing or using this website, your use of this Site and your electronic acceptance of this Agreement signifies that you have read, understand, acknowledge and
agree to be sure by this Agreement, along with the following policies and the applicable product agreements, which are incorporated herein by reference: The terms “we”, “us” or “our” shall refer to ISODME.
The terms “you”, “your”, “User” or “customer” shall refer to any individual or entity who accepts this Agreement, has access to your account or uses the Services.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits.
ISODME may, in its sole and absolute discretion, change or modify this Agreement, and any policies or agreements which are incorporated herein, at any time, and such changes or
modifications shall be effective instantly upon posting to this website.
Your use of this website or the Services after such changes or modifications are made shall constitute your acceptance of this Agreement as last revised.
If you do not agree to be bound by this Agreement as last revised, do not use (or still use) this website or the Services.
In addition, ISODME may occasionally notify you of changes or modifications to this Agreement by email.
In the event that we do not notify you, these terms will still automatically go into effect.
We will not be liable for any changes that have gone into effect.
It is therefore vital that you keep your “Account” info current.
ISODME assumes no liability or responsibility for your failure to receive an email notification if such failure results from an inaccurate email address.
 2.
ELIGIBILITY AND AUTHORITY This Site and the Services are available only to Users who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law.
By using this Site or the Services, you represent and warrant that you are (i) at least eighteen (18) years of age, (ii) otherwise recognized as being able to form legally binding contracts under applicable law, and (iii) are not a person barred from purchasing or receiving the Services found under the laws of applicable jurisdiction.
If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a corporate entity, you represent and warrant that you have the legal authority to bind such corporate entity to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, in which case the terms "you", "your", "User" or "customer" shall refer to such corporate entity.
If, after your electronic acceptance of this Agreement, we find that you do not have the legal authority to bind such corporate entity, you will be personally responsible for the obligations contained in this Agreement.
ISODME shall not be liable for any loss or damage resulting from ISODME’s reliance on any instruction, notice, document or communication reasonably believed by ISODME to be genuine and originating from an authorized representative of your corporate entity.
If there is reasonable doubt about the authenticity of any such instruction, notice, document or communication, ISODME reserves the right (but undertakes no duty) to require additional authentication from you.
You further agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement for transactions entered into by you, anyone acting as your agent and anyone who uses your account or the Services, whether or not authorized by you.
 3.
ACCOUNTS In order to access some of the features of this Site or use some of the Services, you will have to create an Account.
You represent and warrant to ISODME that all information you submit when you create your Account is accurate, current and complete, and that you will keep your Account information accurate, current and complete.
If ISODME has reason to believe that your Account information is untrue, inaccurate, out-of-date or incomplete, ISODME reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to suspend or terminate your Account.
You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your Account, whether authorized by you or not, and you must keep your Account information secure, including without limitation your customer number/login, password.
For security purposes, ISODME recommends that you change your password at least once every six (6) months for each Account .
You must notify ISODME immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your Account.
ISODME will not be liable for any loss you incur due to any unauthorized use of your Account.
You, however, may be liable for any loss ISODME or others incur caused by your Account, whether caused by you, or by an authorized person, or by an unauthorized person.
 4.
FOREIGN DATA TRANSFER If you are visiting this Site from a country other than the country in which our servers or instances are located, your communications with us may result in the transfer of information (including your Account information) across international boundaries.
By visiting this Site and communicating electronically with us, you consent to such transfers. 5.
SITE AVAILABILITY Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and our other policies and procedures, we shall use commercially reasonable efforts to attempt to provide this Site and the Services on a twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week basis.
While we do advertise a ninety-nine percent (99%) uptime rate, we do not provide compensation in the event that your Service is not available for that that percentage.You acknowledge and agree that from time to time this Site may be inaccessible or inoperable for any reason including, but not limited to, equipment malfunctions.
periodic maintenance, repairs or replacements that we undertake from time to time.
or causes beyond our reasonable control or that are not reasonably foreseeable including, but not limited to, interruption or failure of telecommunication or digital transmission links, hostile network attacks, network congestion or other failures.
You acknowledge and agree that we have no control over the availability of this Site or the Service on a continuous or uninterrupted basis and that we assume no liability to you or any other party with regard thereto.
From time to time, ISODME may offer new Services (limited preview services or new features to existing Services) in a pre-release version.
New Services, new features to existing Services or limited preview services shall be known, individually and collectively, as “Trial Services”.
If you elect to use any Trial Services, then your use of the Trial Services is subject to the following terms and conditions: (i) You acknowledge and agree that the Trial Services are pre-release versions and may not work properly.
(ii) You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Trial Services may expose you to unusual risks of operational failures.
(iii) The Trial Services are provided as-is, so we do not recommend using them in production or mission critical environments.
(iv) ISODME reserves the right to modify, change, or discontinue any aspect of the Trial Services at any time.
(v) Commercially released versions of the Trial Services may change substantially, and programs that use or run with the Trial Services may not work with the commercially released versions or subsequent releases.
(vi) ISODME may limit availability of customer service support time dedicated to support of the Trial Services.
(vii) You acknowledge and agree to provide prompt feedback regarding your experience with the Trial Services in a form reasonably requested by us, including information necessary to enable us to duplicate errors or problems you experience.
You acknowledge and agree that we may use your feedback for any purpose, including product development purposes.
At our request, you will provide us with comments that we may use publicly for press materials and marketing collateral.
Any intellectual property inherent in your feedback or arising from your use of the Trial Services shall be owned exclusively by ISODME.
(viii) You acknowledge and agree that all information regarding your use of the Trial Services, including your experience with and opinions regarding the Trial Services, is confidential, and may not be disclosed to a third party or used for any purpose other than providing feedback to ISODME.
(ix) The Trial Services are provided “as-is”, “as available”, and “with all faults”.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we disclaim any and all warranties, statutory, express or implied, with respect to the Trial Services including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
You acknowledge and agree that you have the necessary rights and permissions to share all information necessary to provide the Services with ISODME.
You acknowledge and agree that the Services may be provided by independent contractors or third party service providers. 6.
GENERAL RULES OF CONDUCT You acknowledge and agree that:


Your use of this Site and the Services , including any content you submit, may only be for personal purposes and will comply with this Agreement and all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations.

 You will not collect or harvest (or permit anyone else to collect or harvest) any User Content (as defined below) or any non-public or personally identifiable information about another User or any other person or entity without their express prior written consent.



 You will not use this Site or the Services in a manner (as determined by ISODME in its sole and absolute discretion) that: 


Is illegal, or promotes or encourages illegal activity.


Promotes, encourages or engages in child pornography or the exploitation of children.


Promotes, encourages or engages in terrorism, violence against people, animals, or property.


Promotes, encourages or engages in any spam or other unsolicited bulk emails, or computer or network hacking or cracking, cloaking or sneaky redirects.


Promotes, encourages or engages in the sale or distribution of prescription medication without a valid prescription.


Infringes on the intellectual property rights of another User or any other person or entity.


Violates the privacy or publicity rights of another User or any other person or entity, or breaches any duty of confidentiality that you owe to another User or any other person or entity.

 Interferes with the operation of this Site or the Services found at this Site.


Contains or installs .exe, .apk, .dmg, .cmd, .com, .bat, .osx, .msi, .app files, or any other file that may be viewed on any program or browser of any computer.


Contains or installs any viruses, worms, bugs, Trojan horses or other code, files or programs designed to, or capable of, disrupting, damaging or limiting the functionality of any software or hardware.
or 

Contains false or deceptive language, or unsubstantiated or comparative claims, regarding ISODME, any person or corporation or ISODME’s Services.


You will not copy or distribute in any medium any part of this Site or the Services , except where expressly authorized by ISODME.


You will not modify or alter any part of this Site or the Services found at this Site or any of its related technologies.


You will not access ISODME Content (as defined below) or User Content through any technology or means other than through this Site itself, or as ISODME may designate.


You agree to back-up all of your User Content so that you can access and use it when needed.
ISODME does not warrant that it backs-up any Account or User Content, and you agree to accept as a risk the loss of any and all of your User Content.


You will not re-sell or provide the Services for a commercial purpose, including any of ISODME’s related technologies, without ISODME's express prior written consent.


You agree to provide government-issued photo identification and/or government-issued business identification as required for verification of identity when requested.


You agree to not host files larger than one gigabyte, and you agree to not upload video files or image files larger than one megabyte.


You agree to not use a proxy or VPN while accessing our website.


You agree to not create multiple accounts.


You agree to pay your invoices on-time.


You are aware that ISODME may from time-to-time call you about your account, and that, for the purposes of any and all such call(s), you do not have any reasonable expectation of privacy during those calls.
indeed you hereby consent to allow ISODME, in its sole discretion, to record the entirety of such calls regardless of whether ISODME asks you on any particular call for consent to record such call.
You further acknowledge and agree that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any such recording(s) may be submitted as evidence in any legal proceeding in which ISODME is a party.


ISODME reserves the right to modify, change, or discontinue any aspect of this Site or the Services, including without limitation prices and fees for the same, at any time.

 7.
YOUR USE OF ISODME CONTENT AND USER CONTENT
In addition to the general rules above, the provisions in this Section apply specifically to your use of ISODME Content and User Content posted to ISODME’s corporate websites (i.e., those sites which ISODME directly controls or maintains).
The applicable provisions are not intended to and do not have the effect of transferring any ownership or licensed rights (including intellectual property rights) you may have in content posted to your hosted websites.
ISODME Content.
Except for User Content, the content on this Site and the Services , including without limitation the text, software, scripts, source code, API, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos and interactive features and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein (“ISODME Content”), are owned by or licensed to ISODME in perpetuity, and are subject to copyright, trademark, and/or patent protection in the United Kingdom and foreign countries, and other intellectual property rights under United Kingdom and foreign laws.
ISODME Content is provided to you “as-is”, “as available” and “with all faults” for your information and personal, non-commercial use only and may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any purposes whatsoever without the express prior written consent of ISODME.
No right or license under any copyright, trademark, patent, or other proprietary right or license is granted by this Agreement.
ISODME reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the ISODME Content, this Site and the Services, and this Agreement does not transfer ownership of any of these rights.
User Content.
Some of the features of this Site or the Services may allow Users to view, post, publish, share, store, or manage (a) ideas, opinions, recommendations, or advice (“User Submissions”), or (b) literary, artistic, musical, or other content, including but not limited to photos and videos (together with User Submissions, “User Content”).
User Content includes all content submitted through your Account.
By posting or publishing User Content to this Site or to the Services, you represent and warrant to ISODME that (i) you have all necessary rights to distribute User Content via this Site or via the Services, either because you are the author of the User Content and have the right to distribute the same, or because you have the appropriate distribution rights, licenses, consents, and/or permissions to use, in writing, from the copyright or other owner of the User Content, and (ii) the User Content does not violate the rights of any third party.
Security.
You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with the security-related features of this Site or the Services found at this Site (including without limitation those features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any ISODME Content or User Content) or enforce limitations on the use of this Site or the Services found at this Site, the ISODME Content or the User Content therein. 8.
SPAM CONTENT RULES No Spam.
We do not tolerate the transmission of spam.
We monitor all traffic to and from our web servers for indications of spamming.
Customers suspected to be using our products and services for the purpose of sending spam are fully investigated.
If we determine there is a problem with spam, we will take the appropriate action to resolve the situation.
We define spam as the sending of Unsolicited Commercial Email (UCE), Unsolicited Bulk Email (UBE) or Unsolicited Facsimiles (Fax), which is email or facsimile sent to recipients as an advertisement or otherwise, without first obtaining prior confirmed consent to receive these communications.
This can include, but is not limited to, the following: 

 Email Messages 

Newsgroup postings 

Windows system messages 

Pop-up messages (aka "adware" or "spyware" messages) 

Instant messages (using AOL, MSN, Yahoo or other instant messenger programs) 

Online chat room advertisements 

Guestbook or Website Forum postings 

Facsimile Solicitations 

Text/SMS Messages 

We will not allow our servers and services to be used for the purposes described above.
In order to use our products and services, you must not only abide by all applicable laws and regulations but you must also abide by this no spam policy.
Commercial advertising and/or bulk emails or faxes may only be sent to recipients who have "opted-in" to receive messages.
They must include a legitimate return address and reply-to address, the sender's physical address, and an opt-out method in the footer of the email or fax.
Upon request by us, conclusive proof of opt-in may be required for an email address or fax number.
If we determine the services in question are being used in association with spam, we will re-direct, suspend, or cancel any website hosting, domain registration, email boxes or other applicable services until customer responds.
The registrant or customer will be required to respond by email to us stating that they will cease to send spam and/or have spam sent on their behalf.
In the event we determine the abuse has not stopped after services have been restored the first time, we may terminate the hosting and email boxes associated with the domain name in question.
We encourage all customers and recipients of email generated from our products and services to report suspected spam.
Suspected abuse can be reported by email abuse@isodme.com. 9.
LIQUIDATED DAMAGES You agree that we may immediately terminate any Account which we believe, in our sole and absolute discretion, is transmitting or is otherwise connected with any spam or other unsolicited bulk emails 10.
OUR USE OF USER CONTENT The provisions of this Section apply specifically to ISODME’s use of User Content posted to ISODME’s corporate websites (i.e., those sites which ISODME directly controls or maintains).
The applicable provisions are not intended to and do not have the effect of transferring any ownership or licensed rights (including intellectual property rights) you may have in content posted to your hosted websites.
Generally:

You shall be solely responsible for any and all of your User Content or User Content that is submitted through your Account, and the consequences of, and requirements for, distributing it.

With Respect to User Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that:

 Your User Submissions are entirely voluntary.


Your User Submissions do not establish a confidential relationship or obligate ISODME to treat your User Submissions as confidential or secret.


ISODME has no obligation, either express or implied, to develop or use your User Submissions, and no compensation is due to you or to anyone else for any intentional or unintentional use of your User Submissions.


ISODME may be working on the same or similar content, it may already know of such content from other sources, it may simply wish to develop this (or similar) content on its own, or it may have taken / will take some other action.


ISODME shall own exclusive rights (including all intellectual property and other proprietary rights) to any User Submissions posted to this Site, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of any User Submissions posted to this Site for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you or to anyone else.


With Respect to User Content (Other Than User Submissions).


 If you have a website or other content hosted by ISODME, you shall retain all of your ownership or licensed rights in User Content. By posting or publishing User Content to this Site or through the Services, you authorize ISODME to use the intellectual property and other proprietary rights in and to your User Content to enable inclusion and use of the User Content in the manner contemplated by this Site and this Agreement.
You hereby grant ISODME a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple tiers), and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, combine with other works, display, and perform your User Content in connection with this Site, the Services and ISODME’s (and ISODME’s affiliates’) business(es), including without limitation for promoting and redistributing all or part of this Site in any media formats and through any media channels without restrictions of any kind and without payment or other consideration of any kind, or permission or notification, to you or any third party.
You also hereby grant each User of this Site a non-exclusive license to access your User Content (with the exception of User Content that you designate “private” or “password protected”) through this Site, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, combine with other works, display, and perform your User Content as permitted through the functionality of this Site and under this Agreement.
The above licenses granted by you in your User Content terminate within a commercially reasonable time after you remove or delete your User Content from this Site.
You understand and agree, however, that ISODME may retain (but not distribute, display, or perform) server copies of your User Content that have been removed or deleted.
The above licenses granted by you in your User Content are perpetual and irrevocable.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, ISODME shall not use any User Content that has been designated “private” or “password protected” by you for the purpose of promoting this Site or ISODME’s (or ISODME’s affiliates’) business(es).
 You also authorize ISODME to use your user content in any promotional material.
 11.
BACKUPS While we do have weekly backups, these are solely for acts of god.
For instance, if our server goes down, we still have a backup from the week before.
Being a user, you cannot access these.
We do not warrant that we conduct these, as sometimes there are higher priorities and if our servers are in operational state, the backups will not be taken.
Thus, it is extremely important that you conduct weekly backups of your own data as well for your own use.
 12.
MONITORING OF CONTENT AND ACCOUNT TERMINATION ISODME generally does not pre-screen User Content (whether posted to a website hosted by ISODME or posted to this Site).
However, ISODME reserves the right (but undertakes no duty) to do so and decide whether any item of User Content is appropriate and/or complies with this Agreement.
ISODME may remove any item of User Content (whether posted to a website hosted by ISODME or posted to this Site) and/or terminate a User’s access to this Site or the Services found at this Site for posting or publishing any material in violation of this Agreement, or for otherwise violating this Agreement (as determined by ISODME in its sole and absolute discretion), at any time and without prior notice.
ISODME may also terminate a User’s access to this Site or the Services found at this Site if ISODME has reason to believe the User is a repeat offender.
If ISODME terminates your access to this Site or the Services found at this Site, ISODME may, in its sole and absolute discretion, remove and destroy any data and files stored by you on its servers. 13.
ADDITIONAL RESERVATION OF RIGHTS ISODME expressly reserves the right to deny, cancel, terminate, suspend, lock, or modify access to (or control of) any Account or Services (including the right to cancel or transfer any domain name registration) for any reason (as determined by ISODME in its sole and absolute discretion), including but not limited to the following: (i) to correct mistakes made by ISODME in offering or delivering any Services, (ii) to assist with our fraud and abuse detection and prevention efforts, (iii) to comply with court orders against you and/or your domain name or website and applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations, (iv) to comply with requests of law enforcement, including subpoena requests, (v) to comply with any dispute resolution process, (vi) to defend any legal action or threatened legal action without consideration for whether such legal action or threatened legal action is eventually determined to be with or without merit, or (vii) to avoid any civil or criminal liability on the part of ISODME, its officers, directors, employees and agents, as well as ISODME ’s affiliates, including, but not limited to, instances where you have sued or threatened to sue ISODME.
ISODME expressly reserves the right to terminate, without notice to you, any and all Services where, in ISODME's sole discretion, you are harassing or threatening ISODME and/or any of ISODME's employees. 14.
TRADEMARK AND/OR COPYRIGHT CLAIMS ISODME supports the protection of intellectual property.
If you would like to submit a trademark claim for violation of a mark on which you hold a valid, registered trademark or service mark or a copyright claim for material on which you hold a bona fide copyright, please send them at abuse@isodme.com.
Otherwise, ISODME, though it may not explicitly own its user content, maintains ownership of our trademarks, and these may not be used without consent.
Some of our policies are based off of other companies.
If you are part of one of these and you have an issue, please contact us as soon as possible.
 15.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES This Site and the Services found at this Site may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by ISODME.
We assume no responsibility for the content, terms and conditions, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites.
In addition, ISODME does not censor or edit the content of any third-party websites.
By using this Site or the Services found at this Site, you expressly release us from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website.
Accordingly, ISODME encourages you to be aware when you leave this Site or the Services found at this Site and to review the terms and conditions, privacy policies, and other governing documents of each other website that you may visit. 16.
DISCLAIMER OF REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE AND THE SERVICES FOUND AT THIS SITE SHALL BE AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THAT THIS SITE AND THE SERVICES FOUND AT THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS”, “AS AVAILABLE” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS”.
ISODME, ITS OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND ALL THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, STATUTORY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
ISODME, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT (I) THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR CONTENT OF THIS SITE, (II) THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED (THROUGH HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING OR OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE, AND/OR (III) THE SERVICES FOUND AT THIS SITE OR ANY SITES LINKED (THROUGH HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING OR OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE, AND ISODME ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE SAME.
IN ADDITION, YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE PROVIDED BY ISODME, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ITS CALL CENTER OR CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVES), AND THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS WILL (I) CONSTITUTE LEGAL OR FINANCIAL ADVICE OR (II) CREATE A WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE OR THE SERVICES FOUND AT THIS SITE, AND USERS SHOULD NOT RELY ON ANY SUCH INFORMATION OR ADVICE.
THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or your use of this Site or the Services found at this Site.
 17.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IN NO EVENT SHALL ISODME, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND ALL THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING ANY THAT MAY RESULT FROM (I) THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR CONTENT OF THIS SITE, (II) THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED (THROUGH HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING OR OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE, (III) THE SERVICES FOUND AT THIS SITE OR ANY SITES LINKED (THROUGH HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING OR OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE, (IV) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, (V) THIRD-PARTY CONDUCT OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, (VI) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL CONTENT, PERSONAL INFORMATION, FINANCIAL INFORMATION OR OTHER INFORMATION AND DATA STORED THEREIN, (VII) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF SERVICES TO OR FROM THIS SITE OR ANY SITES LINKED (THROUGH HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING OR OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE, (VIII) ANY VIRUSES, WORMS, BUGS, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM THIS SITE OR ANY SITES LINKED (THROUGH HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING OR OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE, (IX) ANY USER CONTENT OR CONTENT THAT IS DEFAMATORY, HARASSING, ABUSIVE, HARMFUL TO MINORS OR ANY PROTECTED CLASS, PORNOGRAPHIC, “X-RATED”, OBSCENE OR OTHERWISE OBJECTIONABLE, AND/OR (X) ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THIS SITE OR THE SERVICES FOUND AT THIS SITE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT ISODME IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
IN ADDITION, You SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to this Site or the Services found at this Site must be commenced within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues, otherwise such cause of action shall be permanently barred.
IN ADDITION, You SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND agree that in no event shall ISODME’s total aggregate liability exceed $10,000.00 U.S.
Dollars.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or your use of this Site or the Services found at this Site.
 18.
INDEMNITY By using our site, you agree to protect, defend, indemnify and hold harmless ISODME and its officers, directors, employees, agents, and third party service providers from and against any and all claims, demands, costs, expenses, losses, liabilities and damages of every kind and nature (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees) imposed upon or incurred by ISODME directly or indirectly arising from (i) your use of and access to this Site or the Services found at this Site.
(ii) your violation of any provision of this Agreement or the policies or agreements which are incorporated herein.
and/or (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any intellectual property or other proprietary right.
The indemnification obligations under this section shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or your use of this Site or the Services found at this Site.
 19.
DISCONTINUED SERVICES AND END OF LIFE POLICY ISODME reserves the right to cease offering or providing any of the Services at any time, for any or no reason, and without prior notice.
Although ISODME makes great effort to maximize the lifespan of all its Services, there are times when a Service we offer will be discontinued or reach its End-of-Life ("EOL").
If that is the case, that product or service will no longer be supported by ISODME, in any way, effective on the EOL date.
Notice and Migration.
In the event that any Service we offer has reached or will reach EOL, we will attempt to notify you thirty or more days in advance of the EOL date.
It is your responsibility to take all necessary steps to replace the Service by migrating to a new Service before the EOL date, or by entirely ceasing reliance on said Service before the EOL date.
ISODME may, with or without notice to you, migrate you to the most up-to-date version of the Service, if available.
You agree to take full responsibility for any and all loss or damage arising from any such migration.
No Liability.
ISODME will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of any of the Services we may offer or facilitate access to.
IN THE EVENT OF AN EOL OF ONE OF OUR SERVICES, PAYMENT MAY NOT BE RETURNED.
PLEASE CONTACT US FOR COMPENSATION OPTIONS.
PAYMENT RETURN IN CASH MAY REQUIRE A VERIFIED PAYPAL(R) ACCOUNT  20.
SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, successors and assigns. 21.
NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits. 22.
COMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL LAWS ISODME makes no representation or warranty that the content available on this Site or the Services found at this Site are appropriate in every country or jurisdiction, and access to this Site or the Services found at this Site from countries or jurisdictions where its content is illegal is prohibited.
Users who choose to access this Site or the Services found at this Site are responsible for compliance with all local laws, rules and regulations.
 23.
GOVERNING LAW.
JURISDICTION.
VENUE.
WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY Except for disputes governed by the Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy referenced above and available here, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
You agree to waive the right to trial by jury in any action or proceeding that takes place relating to or arising out of this Agreement.
 24.
TITLES AND HEADINGS.
INDEPENDENT COVENANTS.
SEVERABILITY The titles and headings of this Agreement are for convenience and ease of reference only and shall not be utilized in any way to construe or interpret the agreement of the parties as otherwise set forth herein.
Each covenant and agreement in this Agreement shall be construed for all purposes to be a separate and independent covenant or agreement.
If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision (or portion of a provision) of this Agreement to be illegal, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, the remaining provisions (or portions of provisions) of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby and shall be found to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
 25.
LIQUIDATION, REORGANIZATION, OWNERSHIP TRANSFER In the event that ISODME becomes acquired, liquidated, or reorganized, or under any other circumstance we reserve the right to:

 Delete all user data without informing you 

Close your account without informing you 
 26.
GENERAL RULES AND ACCEPTABLE USE The following are some general rules that you must follow.
Failure to do so may result in the termination of your service without a refund.


 A free hosting plan must be for personal purposes only.
Small businesses may use the either the Pro or Super hosting plans.

 Large businesses must contact us beforehand for special pricing.

 You may not resell/distribute our services.
For example, you cannot provide a website hosting service for your friends under your name.
A party may only use its own account.

 You may not use excessive server resources.
For example, you cannot execute server-load-heavy scripts that slow down a server.
We dictate this at our own discretion.

 You cannot use the plans with unlimited quotas to distribute files in any way.
For example, you cannot create a video sharing service.

 27.
CONTACT INFORMATION  If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us by email at the following address:  https://www.isodme.com  hello@isodme.com  ISODME is registered as D.B.A.
with the id of 19-42 in Acton, Massachusetts, U.S.A.
Copyright © 2019 ISODME All Rights Reserved.
   ISODME PRIVACY POLICY  PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT DETAILS IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES.

 Last Revised: 2019-03-20 20:48 EDT 
BY USING OUR SITE OR OUR SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING:

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Affiliate Program Terms
 ISODME RESPECTS YOUR PRIVACY NOTICE: ISODME IS WORKING TO BECOME GDPR COMPLIANT.
MANY OF OUR POLICIES ARE.
HOWEVER, WE ARE STILL IN THE PROCESS OF FILING FOR THE SWISS-US PRIVACY SHIELD.
IF YOU ARE A EUROPEAN CUSTOMER AND HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, EMAIL help@isodme.com 1.
INTRODUCTION

ISODME, a Registered D.B.A.
operating as a partnership in the United States of America provides customers web-hosting, domain name registration, and related products and services.

ISODME seeks to ensure the highest level of data privacy when offering its variety of quality products and services to subscribers ("Subscribers") and visitors ("Visitors") (collectively, "Users").

At ISODME, the privacy and security of our Users is of paramount importance.
We are committed to protecting the data you share with us.

When this Policy mentions “ISODME", "we," "us", or "our", it refers to the company operating under a D.B.A.
as ISODME.

This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains how ISODME processes information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify an individual ("Personal Data") collected on our Site, forums and our mobile applications ("Platform”).

For information regarding the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 and EU-U.S.
and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Frameworks, designed by the U.S.
Department of Commerce and the European Commission and Swiss Administration, please contact us at hello@isodme.com  2.
GENERAL PRINCIPLES AND CONFIDENTIALITY

ISODME shall process all Personal Data adhering to the general data processing principles: 


lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner in relation to the data subject (lawfulness, fairness, and transparency).


collect and process Personal Data only for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes (purpose limitation).


ensure that Personal Data is adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary for relation to the purposes for which they are processed (data minimization).


ensure that Personal Data is accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date (accuracy).


ensure that Personal Data is kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed (storage limitation).


process Personal Data in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organizational measures (integrity and confidentiality).



All and any information stored on ISODME's Platform is treated as strictly confidential.
All information is stored securely and is accessed by qualified and authorized personnel only.
 3.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT 3.1.
Information you provide to us.

Information is necessary for the use of the ISODME Platform


We ask for and collect the following personal information about you when you use the ISODME Platform.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contractual arrangement which is in place between you and us and to allow us to comply with our legal obligations.
Failing to provide any of this data or decision to delete or object to the processing of any of such data may result in de-activation of your ISODME Account, and subsequently, any of your Services.



Account Signup Information.
When you sign up at ISODME, we require you to provide the bare minimum information to verify your existence.
This includes, but is not limited to, email address, first and last name, address, and password.
In some particular cases we ask you to provide more information.

 In the event that you use Sign In With Google or Sigh In With Facebook, you agree to the respective privacy policies.


Identity Verification.
To comply with the rules set forth by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ("ICANN") and our 3rd party domain suppliers, before the registration of the new domain name, ISODME may collect identity verification information (such as images of your passport, national ID card, valid driving license or other documents as required or permitted by applicable laws).


Payment Information.
To order and use features of the ISODME Platform (such as web-hosting, domain name registration), we may require you to provide certain financial information in order to facilitate the processing of payments.
We use 3rd party (payment processor) services, so we do not collect and store credit card information (we receive information about the payment status and store only last 4 credit card digits).


Communications, Chats, Messaging.
When you communicate with ISODME (using general inquiries window), we collect information about your communication and any information you choose to provide or disclose.
In order to respond to your request, we may access information provided in your ISODME Account, purchase history, etc.


Job applicants' information.
We also collect information that you provided to us by applying to any of the open career positions, by e-mail or otherwise.
For more details see Section 5 below.



You may also choose to provide us information when you fill in a form, conduct a search, update or add information to your ISODME Account, respond to surveys, post to community forums, participate in promotions, or use other features of the ISODME Platform.
 ISODME processes information you provide to us on the legal basis of:


Your consent, expressed when voluntarily submitting and filling your Personal Data details in sign-up forms, by e-mail, request or inquiries window, etc..
and 

Conclusion and performance of contractual arrangements and obligations between ISODME and the User.


Pursuance of legitimate interests of ISODME, as manager of the ISODME platform.


Compliance with a legal obligation to which ISODME is subject, including, but not limited to, ICANN rules: https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/approved-with-specs-2013-09-17-en#whois 
 Disclaimer Please always take care and observe at least the following minimum requirements for the protection of your personal information:

 please omit using your name, address, telephone number, e-mail, personal identification number, date of birth, bank Account number, card number, other special (sensitive) data, etc.
in the subject of the request or file name.


please omit using your personal code, payment card number, and other financial information and details, health, family member details, or other specific (sensitive) data, in the texts of requests, e-mails or similar communication to us, and 

please make sure that the remaining personal data is only indicated to the extent necessary for the purposes for which the letter, request or inquiry is sent.

 3.2 Right to delete your data 
You may at any time access and edit, update or delete your non-restricted contact details by logging into your ISODME platform Account.
 Please note that you will only be able to delete your name during removal of your ISODME Account.
To delete your Account, please send your request to help@isodme.com, and you will be provided with further guidance.
 3.3.
Information We Collect when You use the Platform  When you use the ISODME Platform or contact us directly by any communication channel, we may collect information, including personal information, about the services you use and how you use them.

This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, to enable us to comply with legal obligations and given our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the functionalities of the ISODME Platform.

With your consent 



Geo-location data: We collect information about your approximate location as determined by data such as your IP address to better assist you.
Such data may be collected only when you access ISODME platform using your device.


Automatic collection of data


Log data and Device information.
We automatically collect log data and device information when you access and use the ISODME Platform, even if you have not created an ISODME Account or logged in.
That information may include, but is not limited to: Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and/or clickstream data.


Tracking technologies and Cookies.
We use cookies, beacons, tags, scripts and other similar technologies, such as CI codes (click tracking), ISC (source tracking), and ITC (item tracking codes).
We also automatically collect information about device's operating system, phone model, device ID and customer number.
For more detail information on the use of these technologies.


Usage information.
We may use a tool called "Google Analytics" to collect information about your interactions with the ISODME Platform (what pages you visit, such as the pages or content you view, your searches for Listings, bookings you have made, and other actions on the ISODME Platform.
In consequence, Google, Inc.
plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this Site).
For more information please visit Google.


ISODME’s billing system is based off of a tool called “Web Hosting Management Complete Solution” ("WHMCS").
View specific details about CI, ISC, and ITC codes by contacting WHMCS.



ISODME processes this information on the legal basis of: 


Your consent.


Conclusion and performance of contractual arrangements and obligations between ISODME and the User.


Pursuance of legitimate interests of ISODME, and manager of ISODME platform.

 4.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR DATA? 
We use, store, combine and process information, including personal information, about you to provide, understand, improve, and develop the ISODME Platform, create and maintain a trusted and safer environment and comply with our legal obligations.



To Identify: personal identification information is collected and processed for the purposes of User identification as well use of services and domain name registration.
Additionally, this information may be used to provide Users with support, letting them know about upcoming updates or improvements, providing information regarding changes of any Terms of Use (including changes to this Policy) as well as other important information.


To Create and Maintain Trusted Environment: we verify or authenticate information or identifications provided by you (such as ID number, email or phone numbers).
We also use collected information to detect and prevent fraud, spam, abuse, security incidents, and other illegal and harmful activities.


To Stay Connected: we use information about data usage, devices, operating systems to diagnose problems with our servers, to administer our Platform, adopt decision when to retire SDK's/OS versions, to identify characteristics of major users so that we may optimize our applications and services and make your browsing and purchasing experience more enjoyable.


To Personalize Advertising and Marketing: to provide targeted and interest based offers we conduct data profiling based on your characteristics, behavior and preferences (based on the information you provide to us, your interactions with the ISODME Platform and its Users, information obtained from third parties, and your search history).
In accordance with these results, we send various offers, surveys, contests, promotional messages, marketing, advertising, and other information that may be of interest to you based on your preferences (including information about ISODME or co-branded offers, campaigns, and services of our partners or affiliates).


To Send Service and Billing Messages: ISODME may also contact you with important information regarding our Services, or your use thereof.
For instance, we may send you a notice (through any of the communication channels available to us) if a certain Service is temporarily suspended for maintenance.
reply to your support ticket or e-mail.
send you reminders or warnings regarding upcoming or late payments for your current or upcoming subscriptions.
forward abuse complaints regarding your hosting plan.
or notify you of material changes in our Services.
Such kind of communication is essential, for this reason, no opt-out possibilities are given to avoid receiving such Service and Billing Messages unless you are no longer an ISODME User (which can be done by deactivating your Account).


To Register Domain: in certain jurisdictions or pursuant to the rules of the ICANN or certain registries, domain name registration information has to be made available and accessible to the public through a "WHOIS" search.
The WHOIS database is a publicly accessible database that lists the domain name registration information for a particular domain name, the name server(s) to which the domain name points, and the domain name's creation and expiration date.
The domain name registration information you provide is stored by ISODME and may be made available to the public through WHOIS searches.
ISDOME may deposit your domain name registration information with a third-party escrow provider to comply with ICANN requirements.
At times, Users may receive solicitations that result from searches of the publicly available WHOIS database by other companies or individuals.
Any such solicitations or e-mail communications do not come from ISODME and we are not responsible for the use of WHOIS information by third parties.
ISODME acts only on the basis of ICANN rules and requirements.
For more information see: https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/approved-with-specs-2013-09-17-en#whois.


To contact you: in order to notify you regarding your Account, to troubleshoot problems with your Account, to resolve a dispute, to collect fees or monies owed, to poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires, to send updates about our company, or as otherwise necessary to contact you to enforce our User Agreement, applicable national laws, and any agreement we may have with you.
For these purposes, we may contact you via email, telephone, text messages, and portal.

 5.
JOB APPLICATIONS 
ISODME welcomes all qualified Applicants to apply to any of the open positions by sending us their contact details and CV ("Applicants Information") via the relevant Position Application Form on our Website, or through any other means provided by us.

We understand that privacy and discreteness are crucial to our Applicants and are committed to keep Applicants Information private and use it solely for ISODME's internal and other recruitment and training purposes (including for identifying Applicants, evaluating their applications, making hiring and employment decisions, and contacting Applicants by phone or in writing, and educating others).

ISODME may retain Applicants Information submitted to it until up to one year after being requested to be removed by the applicant.
We collect this information to re-consider Applicants for other positions and opportunities at ISODME.
we can use their Applicants Information as reference for future applications submitted by them.
and if the Applicant is hired, for additional employment and business purposes related to his/her work at ISODME.
We may also use the applicant’s application for internal and external training purposes.

If you previously submitted your Applicants Information to ISODME, but now wish to access or delete it, email us at help@isodme.com.
 6.
PROFILING AND AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING 
Our platform uses automated decision making and profiling system (a “Fraud Check”).
When profiling your data, our algorithm may take into consideration the following key factors:



your information you provide to us.


your interactions with the ISODME Platform.


information obtained from third parties.


your search history.


history of your past deals, claims, complaints, reviews.


frequency of purchases.


other information obtained when using our Platform.



Our automated systems analyze your content on the Account and ISODME Platform to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, fraud detection.
 6.1 Right to object
Email us at help@isodme.com to object.
In most cases, this may mean the closing of your account. 7.
DIRECT MARKETING.
PROFILING FOR DIRECT MARKETING PURPOSES When creating an Account at our Platform, you are free to opt-out from receiving various offers directly to your e-mail, phone or in your Account.
We use provided contact details and your preferences for direct marketing by sending various offers or newsletters.

These direct marketing offers, depending on your preferences, may be personalized taking into account any other information which you have provided to us (e.g.
location, social media profile information, purchase history etc.) or we have collected or generated from other sources as described below.

7.1 Right to object If a User wishes to change their preferences and withdraw the consent for direct marketing, they may email us at help@isodme.com to unsubscribe.
 8.
OTHER USES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

 Developing Platform: we use data, including public feedback, to conduct research and development for the further development of our platform in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth.
Customer Support.
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use the data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and issues (e.g., bugs).

Aggregate Insights: we use data to generate aggregate insights.
We use your data to produce and share aggregated insights that do not identify you.

Security and Investigations: we use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We use your data (including your communications) if we think it's necessary for security purposes or to investigate possible fraud or other violations of our Terms of User or this Policy and/or attempts to harm our Users.

 9.
SOURCES OF PERSONAL DATA 
We collect and receive your Personal data from yourself (including your device) as well as from the following sources:



Social network operators (such as Facebook, Google, etc.).


Third-party service providers, suppliers and our partners.


Other legal sources.

 10.
RETENTION AND DELETION 
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations.

If you would like to stop us using your personal information, you shall request that we erase your personal information and close your ISODME Account with all of its related Services.

After deletion of your Account, we will still retain the following data for the purposes of compliance with applicable legal requirements (such as tax, accounting, legal reporting, AML, other) for as long as we are legally required by virtue of the such legal requirements.

Please also note that we may further retain some of your personal information in such cases (i.e., after closure of your ISODME Account):



as long as it is necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety.
If ISODME suspends your ISODME Account for safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that ISODME Account to prevent that User from opening a new ISODME Account in the future.


the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
ISODME may keep some of your information for tax, legal reporting and auditing obligations.


forum posts or other publicly visible information will continue to be publicly available on the ISODME Platform, even after your ISODME Account is deactivated.
However, attribution of such information to you will be removed.
Additionally, some copies of your information (e.g., log records) may remain in our database, but are disassociated from personal identifiers.


as we protect ISODME Platform from accidental or malicious loss and destruction, residual copies of your personal information may not be removed from our backup systems for a limited period of time.


domain name registration data - at the moment of writing this Policy, in order to register domain, we are requested to provide personal information about the owner of domain.
this information is shown in WHOIS directory and is public.
For more information, please visit https://www.icann.org/registrants.


We may retain a portion of your personal information for other purposes as well.

 11.
DATA TRANSFERS AND USE OF THIRD-PARTY SERVICES 
While collecting and processing your Personal Data, we may perform data transfers to various third parties.
 11.1.
With your consent
 We will share your Personal Data with companies, organizations or individuals outside our group of companies when we have your consent to do so via email.

If consent is neither denied nor given within twenty-four hours (24 hours), ISODME reserves the right to share your personal data without your consent to do so.
Thus, it is vital for you to ensure that your data is up-to-date.
 11.2.
Where do we process your personal data? 

Users' Personal Information may be maintained, processed and stored by ISODME and our authorized affiliates and service providers in in-house servers in our Massachusetts server room in the United States, or in virtual machine or dedicated server instances hosted on any of the following services: Microsoft Azure, Amazon AWS, Hetzner Cloud, and data hosted with Google Drive or other Google cloud services for cloud backups.
Please be aware that by storing your data with us, you also agree to the respective privacy policies and terms and conditions of the 3rd party cloud services.
You also agree that your data may be regularly transferred from data center to data center, often bypassing international borders.
Therefore, you agree to all international data laws.
ISODME, as of the date of this revision, does not share your data with any government, but may cooperate with both private and public investigation services, such as the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( the “FBI”).
We will do our best to notify you.

 Job Applicants Information will be maintained, processed and stored in Google Drive, in the applied position's location(s), and as necessary, in secured cloud storage provided by our Third Party Services.


ISODME’s affiliates and service providers that store or process your Personal Information on ISODME's behalf are each committed to keep it protected and secured, in accordance with industry standards and regardless of any lesser legal requirements which may apply in their jurisdiction.


Domain name registration data and identification data is shared with third parties in accordance with ICANN rules.
For more information see https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/approved-with-specs-2013-09-17-en#whois



We may share both non-personally and personally identifiable information publicly as well as with our partners - publishers, advertisers.
For instance, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our platform or the number of users in a specific country.
 If we are involved in a merger, reorganization, acquisition or sale, we may transfer data and we will update you with our new policies.

EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield.
When providing hosting and other services, personal data might be transferred to data recipients established in third countries and participating in the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework.

In certain situations, ISODME may be asked to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, other competent authorities, including when it is required to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and will do so where permitted by local data protection laws.

Data Localization Obligations.
If you reside in a jurisdiction that imposes "data localization" or "data residency" obligations (i.e., requiring that Personal Information of its residents be kept within the territorial boundaries of such jurisdiction), and this fact comes to our attention, we may maintain your Personal Information within such territorial boundaries, if we are legally obligated to do so.
Please notify us of this and we may find the appropriate 3rd party cloud service provider to maintain your data instead.

You acknowledge that while doing so, we may continue to collect, store and use your Personal Information elsewhere.

Targeting, advertising.
We also use Facebook, Google, as well as other advertising and marketing tools.
You should carefully read the privacy policy of these service providers.
More information on the targeted advertising, as well as your opt-out rights and other rights, you will find on the respective websites of these service providers - https://lt-lt.facebook.com/policies/ads#.
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads.
 11.3.
Social Media Features Our Services include certain Social Media features and widgets, single sign on features, such as the "Facebook Connect" or "Google Sign-in", the "Facebook Like" button, the "Share this" button or other interactive mini-programs ("Social Media Features").
These Social Media Features may collect information such as your IP address or which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable them to function properly.
Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Services.
Your interactions with these third parties' Social Media Features are governed by their policies.
 11.4.
Our Legal Obligation to Use or Disclose Personal Data We will reveal your Personal Data to state and public authorities without your prior permission only when we are legally required to provide information, including taking legal action to defend our rights, as well as the cases, where we have a belief in good faith that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, enforce applicable Terms of Services, including investigation of potential violations, detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.

12.
SECURITY ISODME has implemented security measures designed to protect the Personal Information you share with us, including physical, electronic and procedural measures.
Among other things, we offer HTTPS secure access to most areas on our Services.
We also monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and regularly seek new ways and Third-Party Services for further enhancing the security of our Services and protection of our Visitors' and Users' privacy.

Regardless of the measures and efforts that we take, we cannot and do not guarantee the absolute protection and security of your Personal Information, or any other User Content you upload, publish or otherwise share with ISODME or anyone else.

We therefore encourage you to set strong passwords for your User Account and avoid providing us or anyone with any sensitive information of which you believe its disclosure could cause you substantial or irreparable harm.

If you have any questions regarding the security of our Services, you are welcome to contact us at hello@isodme.com
 12.1 Physical Data Protection If your data is hosted in any of our United States or Chinese server rooms, we promise to do the following: 

Have security cameras near and/or in our facilities.


Lock all doors to our servers at all times.
and 

Do our best to prevent physical intrusions.

 12.2 Virtual Data Protection
If your data is hosted on any ISODME managed instance, we promise to do the following: 

Encrypt passwords for logins to the control panel.


Do our best to use HTTPS to mitigate Man-In-The-Middle (“MITM”) attacks.
and 

Do our best to keep our servers running at the latest stable software versions.

 13.
YOUR RIGHTS 
You are entitled to a range of rights regarding the protection of your Personal Data.
Those rights are:



the right to access the information we process about you.


the right to rectify incorrect/inaccurate information about you.


the right to transfer all or part of the information collected about you to you or another data controller, where technically feasible (the right to data portability.
with limitations and restrictions as specified in the EU General Data Protection Regulation).


the right to erase any data concerning you.
Users may demand erasure of data without undue delay for legitimate reasons, e.g.
where data is no longer necessary for the purposes it was collected, or where the data has been unlawfully processed.


the right to the restriction of data processing.
Users, for legitimate purposes, may obtain restriction of data processing from the controller.


the right to object to the processing of Personal Data when processing is carried out on the basis of legitimate interest, as well as in these cases, as specified above in this Policy:


use of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.


use of your Personal Data for profiling for direct marketing purposes.



Some of the rights as above are easy to exercise: i.e., you may at any time access and edit, update or amend your details, opt out of receiving communications from us and our partners by contacting to our Help Desk.

When you object to processing of Personal Data when processing is carried out on the basis of legitimate interest, we will carefully consider such a request, which may result in your Account closure or de-activation.

Users have the right to lodge a complaint with the national Data Protection Agency in their country of residence in the event where their rights may have been infringed.
However, we recommend attempting to reach a peaceful resolution of the possible dispute by contacting us first.

We may manually review your request.
Your rights may be denied for any technical reason.
 14.
ACCEPTANCE OF THIS POLICY 
We assume that all Users of our Platform have carefully read this document and agree to its contents.
If someone does not agree with this Policy, they should refrain from using our website, and mobile applications and immediately contact us.
We reserve the right to change our Policy at any time and inform by using the way as indicated in Section 14.
Continued use of our website and mobile applications implies acceptance of the revised Policy.

This Policy is an integral part of our Terms and Conditions.

We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those set out in this Policy.
 15.
CONTACTS 
For all your requests or comments concerned with this Privacy Policy, please contact: help@isodme.com
 16.
APPLICATION OF POLICY 
Our Policy applies to all of the services offered by us and our affiliates.
Our Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include our services or other sites linked from our services.
 17.
AMENDMENTS 
Our Policy may change from time to time.
If there are significant changes, we may consider providing a more explicit notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Policy changes).
 18.
FURTHER INFORMATION 
If you have any further questions regarding the data ISODME collects, or how we use it, then please feel free to contact Data Protection Officer at the details as indicated above hereof.
 