 
Global Reviews
Blog
Support
Store






 Privacy Policy Effective Date: May 24, 2018 | Glossary Introduction iStudiez Team values your privacy in your personal information and content that you store in iStudiez Pro app.
This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect about you and why, what we may do with that information and how we handle your content.

We get an access to your personal information only when you create iStudiez Pro Cloud Sync account or contact us.
Otherwise, your personal information or the data you enter into iStudiez Pro is not collected by iStudiez Team.

iStudiez Team is to be considered as data controller for the processing of personal data received from you.
This Privacy Policy is subject to revision from time to time on a going-forward basis.
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page.
By using Cloud Sync service or contacting us (by email, social media or any other way) you consent to our Privacy Policy. What information does iStudiez Team collect? We collect the following information from you:


Your contact details, such as name, email address, etc.
when you create Cloud Sync account, register on our website, contact us (via email, Facebook or Twitter), comment in our blog, or when you subscribe to our newsletter;
Your device information.
We collect information about the devices you use and the operating systems on those devices (e.g., iOS, macOS);
In rare cases, to provide you with the assistance we may require the backup of your iStudiez Pro data (to see the settings you’ve got in the app, etc.).



iStudiez Team does not collect sensitive data.
This includes data such as your race, ethnicity, religious beliefs, criminal records, physical or mental health, political opinions or sexual orientation. What way is my information collected? Your information can be collected by iStudiez Team only if you:


Use iStudiez Pro Cloud Sync service;
Contact us;
Send us your iStudiez Pro data backup (for support purposes).


 What are the age limitations to use iStudiez Pro? iStudiez Pro has 4+ age rating on the Stores, where it is present.
It means, that there are no age limitations if you don’t use iStudiez Pro Cloud Sync service or contact us (where your contact details are required).
To create iStudiez Pro Cloud Sync account you must be at least 13 years old.
If you are under the age of 13, your parent/guardian should be acknowledged about you using the app and the information you share with iStudiez Team.
It is your parent's responsibility to monitor the way you use the app, the information you share with iStudiez Team and they are in a right to request your information to be deleted. Does iStudiez Team use Cookies? We use cookies on our website for analytics purposes.
Pages on our website include a small script that sends to us basic device information (like device screen resolution, country and duration of a visit).
We use this data to understand things like what type of web browsers or mobile devices you are using, how often you visit the site, which pages you spend the most time on and what application flows might need to be improved.
We need this info to improve our website and deliver a better user experience (e.g.
post more relevant info, make site work faster, etc.) for you. What way is my information used? The information we collect from you may be used the following way:


to identify you as our user;
to provide you with our Cloud Sync service and customer support;
contact you via email to notify you about our news related to iStudiez Pro update, send you critical information about your Cloud Sync account status;
send you marketing materials about our products and services (and those of third parties) that we believe may be of interest to you;
to improve our service, based on the information and feedback we receive from you;
to improve our customer service as your information helps us to respond more effectively to your customer service requests and support needs.



To provide you with troubleshooting and customer support we may need to access your iStudiez Pro data or request the email address you use for Cloud Sync. Can iStudiez Team view the info I keep in my Cloud Sync account? Your data is kept on our servers in encrypted way and we limit the access to it.
We can access your account basic statistics (e.g.
total number of courses and assignments), but we can't see the details, like your password, course or assignment titles or instructors names, etc. How does iStudiez Team share or disclose my information? 


We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal information and/or your iStudiez Pro data to any third parties;
We do not share your information with any third parties for their own advertising purposes;
We do not own or pretend for the ownership of your information.
Everything you put in iStudiez Pro is yours.
By using iStudiez Pro Cloud Sync service, you give us the permission to do certain things with your data so that we can run our service.
For example, you give us permission to back up your data, send it over a network, access your iStudiez Pro Cloud Sync account (in case when assistance is required), etc.;
We may disclose the minimum of your information with trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential;
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our corporate policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.


 How does iStudiez Team respond to legal requests for my information? We vigilantly protect the privacy of your account.
We will not disclose your information to law enforcement or other governmental authorities unless we believe it is required to comply with warrants, court orders, subpoenas, or other lawful government requests.
In rare cases, we may share your information as necessary to investigate or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or as otherwise necessary to comply with our legal obligations. How can I manage my information stored in iStudiez Pro? You can manage your information when using iStudiez Pro.
The data you enter into iStudiez Pro is stored on your device, where the app is installed.
You can create iStudiez Pro data backup from the app any time you want.
Also, if you use Cloud Sync service, your data will be stored on our servers under your personal account, unless you delete it.
You may access and sync your data from/to iStudiez Pro Cloud Sync servers under your personal account any time you need.
If you want your Cloud Sync account be deleted, contact us at support@istudentpro.com.
Please note, we may ask you for the proof of your account ownership to process the request. Where does iStudiez Team store my information? When you use iStudiez Pro on your devices, some of your data will be stored locally on those devices.
When you sync your data from iStudiez Pro, that data will be replicated on our servers, that are maintained in the United States. How long is my information stored? The data from your iStudiez Pro Cloud Sync account is stored on our servers.
It is accessible to you until you make the decision to delete it.
We may delete your Cloud Sync account including all your iStudiez Pro data stored on our servers if you do not log into it for more than six months.
If that happens, we will try to notify you before taking any action. How can I contact iStudiez Team? You are welcome to contact us by email at support@istudentpro.com.
If you have a need to contact our Marketing Department, please email us to promo@istudentpro.com.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please direct your questions to iStudiez Team.
Our postal address is:
340 S LEMON AVE #4783 WALNUT, CA 91789 UNITED STATES Glossary 
iStudiez Team (or sometimes “we” or “us”) - the developers of iStudiez Pro app.

iStudiez Pro (or sometimes “the app”) - the students app to keep yourself organized and track your classes, grades, etc.

iStudiez Pro data - texts and photos you input into iStudiez Pro.

iStudiez Pro data backup - the file that contains all iStudiez Pro data entered and the settings you have made in the app, often required by iStudiez Team for troubleshooting and provide users with the support.

iStudiez Pro Cloud Sync servers (or sometimes “our servers” or “servers”) - the servers used by iStudiez Team to provide you with an ability to sync iStudiez Pro data between your devices where the app is installed.

Cloud Sync service - the service to sync iStudiez Pro data from your devices to our servers and back.

Cloud Sync account - your personal account on our servers to sync your iStudiez Pro data between your devices, where the app is installed. © 2009-2018 iStudiez Team.
All Rights Reserved. iPhone, iPad, and Mac are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S.
and other countries.
App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Windows is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and other countries. Privacy Policy 