itch.io Cookie PolicyA cookie is a small piece of data that allows your browser to maintain a
session when visiting different pages on our website.
If you use Itch.io or any
sites contained within our domain, itch.io, then both first and third party
cookies may be set when you access the site.
This policy describes how itch.io, and any third parties it embeds, use
cookies, and what data those cookies may collect. Cookie Usage Our cookie usage falls into two categories:

Account Sessions: Cookies are used for logging into user accounts, and
storing data about your preferences for browsing.
Additionally, these cookies
are used for security measures like Cross Site Request
Forgery)
protection.

Analytics: We use cookies to track usage activity in order to make business
decisions and build a better product.
Additionally, we make aggregate data
available to the Publishers on our platform with information on how their
products are accessed.
This includes things like: referring pages, how many
times their page was viewed, files that were downloaded, etc. What Information is Collected About Me Generally, the data we collect from you is via form submission.
Some data,
though, is determined from your browsing history.
This can include things like
user preferences, and sessions identification tokens.
Here is a list of the first-party cookies may be set by Itch.io, and what their
purpose is. Cookie Name
Purpose itchio
Your session on the site, including what account you are logged into itchio_token
A random string used for Cross Site Request Forgery protection itchio_id
A random unique identifier used to identify your unique session on the website itchio_refs, itchio_ca
Records what pages on itch.io you came from when downloading or purchasing.
It is used for aggregated analytics on user behavior ref:register:*
A set of cookies that tell us what page you came from when you register a new account Additionally, the follwing third-party services may appear on some pages: Service
Purpose
Learn More Stripe
Accept credit card payments and provide fraud risk analysis
https://stripe.com/gb/privacy Google Analytics
Measure site traffic and performance
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout Facebook Analytics
Analytics pixel and conversion tracking for sellers that utilize advertisements linking to itch.io pages
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217 Twitter Analytics
Analytics pixel and conversion tracking for sellers that utilize advertisements linking to itch.io pages
https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads YouTube
Project pages and user generated comments can contain YouTube embeds to share video
https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/3181017?hl=en Vimeo
Project pages and user generated comments can contain Vimeo embeds to share video
https://vimeo.com/cookie_policy How Do I Restrict Cookies? If you do not wish to have cookies set by a third-party, you can adjust the
settings on your internet browser to choose what cookies can be set.
For more
information, refer to the help section of your browser.
Cookies set by your browser have an expiration date assigned to them.
At any
time you can explicitly remove these cookies from your browser to remove the
data they contain about you.
Keep in mind this may effect how your session
functions.
If you have any questions, please contact support.
 Follow itch.io on Twitter or Facebook for new games and site features.  itch.io Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last modified on May 24, 2018.
 Introduction We at Itch Corp.
(“Company”, “We”, or “Itch.io”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect or that you may provide when you purchase, download, install, register with, access, or use the Itch.io application (the “App”) or website (the “Website” and collectively with the App, the “Service”).
The policy also describes our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
We utilize payment processors who have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing information on or through them.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat your information.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not download, register with, or use this Service.
By downloading, registering with, or using this Service, you agree to this privacy policy.
This policy may change from time to time, with updates appearing on the Website and on the App.
Your continued use of this Service after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates. Children Under the Age of 13 The Service is not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at support@itch.io. Information We Collect and How We Collect It We collect information from and about users of our Service:

Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically when you use certain parts of the Service.
 Information You Provide to Us When you download, register with, or use this Service, we may ask you provide information:

By which you may be personally identified, such as your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, payment service provider account information, and any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“Personal Information”).
Information that you provide by filling in forms in the Service.
This includes information provided at the time of registering to use the Service, posting material, comments or content, and if you request further services from Itch.io.
We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with the Service.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses and/or phone numbers), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through the Service and of the fulfillment of your orders.
You may be required to provide financial information with a payment service provider before placing an order through the Service.
We only hold onto a portion of your payment information for fraud detection purposes.

You may provide information to be published or displayed (“Posted”) on public areas of our Service (collectively, “User Contributions”).
Your User Contributions are Posted and transmitted to others at your own risk.
Although you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Additionally, we cannot control the actions of third parties with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions or view on the Service. Automatic Information Collection and Tracking When you download, access, and use the Service, it may use technology to automatically collect:


Usage Details. When you access and use the Service, we may automatically collect certain details of your access to and use of the Service, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on or through the Service.

Device Information. We may collect information about your accessing device and internet connection, including the user’s IP address, and browser type.
 Information Collection and Tracking Technologies The technologies we use for automatic information collection may include:


Cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on your device.
It may be possible to refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your device.
However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Service.
We utilize Google Analytics in our data collection.

Web Beacons. Pages of the Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit Itch.io, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related Service statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain app content and verifying system and server integrity).
 Third-Party Information Collection When you use the Service or its content, certain third parties may use automatic information collection technologies to collect information about you.
These third parties may include:

Social media services like Twitter, Twitch, or Facebook, when you link your accounts to Itch.io.
Analytics companies like Google Analytics.
Payment providers like Stripe and PayPal.

These third parties may use tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use this Service.
The information they collect may be associated with your Personal Information or they may collect information, including Personal Information, about your online activities over time and across different websites, apps, and other online services websites.
They might use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.
If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. How We Use Your Information We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Information, to:

Provide you with the Service and its contents, and any other information, products or services that you request from us.
Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
Give you notices about your account.
Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
Notify you when Service updates are available, and of changes to any products or services we offer or provide though it.
Improve our Service experience and efficiency.

The usage information we collect helps us to improve our Service and to deliver a better and more personalized experience by enabling us to:

Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Service according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Suggest other content which may be of interest to you.
Recognize you when you use the Service.
 Disclosure of Your Information We do not intend to sell or market your Personal Information, however, through providing the Service we may disclose aggregated information about our users in order to deliver the Service, including for the following:

To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business, and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Itch.io’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Information held by Itch.io about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it (For example, if you give us a social media account handle to use social sharing features of our Service, we will transmit the contents of that request to the recipients.).
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including the Itch.io Terms of Service, and for billing and collection.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Itch.io, our customers or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
 Your Choices About Our Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Your Information We aim to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Information you provide to us.
This section describes mechanisms we provide for you to control certain uses and disclosures of your information.


Tracking Technologies. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
You can choose whether or not to allow the Service to collect information through other tracking technologies by selecting to opt out via your online account.
If you disable or refuse cookies or block the use of other tracking technologies, some parts of the Service may then be inaccessible or not function properly.

Promotion by the Company. If you do not want us to use your email address to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by de-selecting the option in “Email Notifications” in your user account.
You can also always opt-out by logging into the Service and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes.
[We may reserve the right to send you emails about important or necessary changes to your account or service, for example, to inform you of payment issues or copyright claims about your content.]
 Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information You can review and change your Personal Information by logging into the Service and visiting your account settings page.
The Data Export tool can be used to download all data you have explicitly provided and the data we've automatically collected on your user account.
You may also send us an email at support@itch.io to request access to, correct, port, delete, or restrict use of any Personal Information that you have provided to us.
We cannot delete all of your Personal Information except by also deleting your user account.
We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Service, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Service users.
Proper access and use of information provided on the Service, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use, available at https://itch.io/docs/legal/terms. Your California Privacy Rights California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of our Service that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please send an email to support@itch.io. EU Users If you are using the Service from the European Union (“EU”) or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from EU or United States law, please note that you may be transferring your Personal Information to itch.io in the United States for the purposes described under this Privacy Policy.
The legal basis we rely on to use your Personal Information is as follows:

Performance of a contract.
Your Personal Information is necessary to perform the terms and conditions or other policies under which we provide our Services.
Consent.
We rely upon your consent to use (i) technical information such as cookie data and ip geo-location data.
and (ii) your Personal Information for marketing purposes.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at support@itch.io, or by using the unsubscribe link in any marketing communication you receive from us.
Legitimate interests.
We may use your Personal Information for our legitimate interests to improve our Services, security purposes, fraud prevention, and for internal administration.
 Data Security We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you.
Where you have chosen a password for access to certain parts of our Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Please be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Service, like comment sections.
The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Service.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure.
Although we try to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information transmitted through our Service.
Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk.
We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide. Changes to Our Privacy Policy We may update our privacy policy from time to time.
If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ Personal Information, we will post the new privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated and notify you by email specified in your account and an in-app alert the first time you use the Service after we make the change.
The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you and for periodically visiting this privacy policy to check for any changes. Contact Information To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: support@itch.io
 Follow itch.io on Twitter or Facebook for new games and site features.  itch.io Terms of Service

Updated June 8 2018: Reverted changes to Acceptable Use clause added with May 24th update that do not reflect how we review material
Updated May 24 2018: Rewritten for GDPR support, Publisher terms, &amp.
Unclaimed Earnings clause

This Terms of Service Agreement (“Agreement”) is a legal document that outlines
and explains your rights and obligations as a user or publisher from Itch Corp.
(“Company”).
While you are encouraged to read through the Agreement carefully,
a brief summary is provided above each section as a guide. Terms of Service 
Table of contents
1.
Service
2.
Users and Publishers
3.
Acceptable Use
4.
Publisher Content
5.
User Generated Content
6.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act

Counter Notice

7.
Acceptable Payment Forms
8.
Transactions and Fees
9.
Refunds
10.
Unclaimed Earnings In Publisher Accounts
11.
Warranty Disclaimer
12.
Limitation of Liability
13.
Term and Termination.
14.
Governing Law/Jurisdiction
15.
Class Action Waiver
16.
Indemnity
17.
Assignment
18.
Miscellaneous


 1.
Service 

Summary This agreement concerns Itch Corp.
You agree to these Terms of Service by using the service.

itch.io is a website, desktop application, and digital software and media
distribution platform owned and operated by Itch Corp.
(“itch.io” or
“Service”).
By registering an account and using the Service, you agree to be
bound by the terms of this Agreement. 2.
Users and Publishers 

Summary If you download projects, you’re a User.
If you upload projects, you’re a Publisher.
Users must be 13 or older.
Publishers must be at least 18 or have the legal right to enter into this agreement.



Users. If you register an account to purchase, download, or play games or other content from itch.io, you agree to be bound to the terms of this Agreement as a platform user (“User”).
Users affirm that they are over the age of 13, as the Service is not intended for children under 13.

Publishers. If you register an account to sell, distribute, or publish games or other content on itch.io, you agree to be bound to the terms of this Agreement as a platform publisher (“Publisher”).
Publishers affirm that they are either more than 18 years of age, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement.


 3.
Acceptable Use 

Summary Be excellent to each other! If you misbehave we may terminate your account.

itch.io aims to create a safe environment for users of the site and service.
This requires a community that is built on goodwill and responsible behavior by
its members.
The posting of content or other actions that, in the Company’s
sole discretion, degrades the experience of others may result in account
termination without prior notice.
Prohibited actions include but are not
limited to:

Uploading viruses or malicious code or acting in any manner to restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Service;
Spamming or sending repeated messages, junk email, contests, surveys or any unsolicited messages;
Posting unlawful, misleading, malicious, or discriminatory content;
Bullying, intimidating, harassing, defaming, threatening others, or violating the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others;
Posting content that promotes or participates in racial intolerance, sexism, hate crimes, hate speech, or intolerance to any group of individuals;
Soliciting, harvesting or collecting information about others;
Violating copyright, trademark or other intellectual property or other legal rights of others by posting content without permission to distribute such content;
Hacking, maliciously manipulating, or misrepresenting itch.io’s interface in any way;
Creating a false identity for the purpose or effect of misleading others.
or
Violating any applicable laws or regulations.
 4.
Publisher Content 

Summary You allow us to promote your game with screenshots, cover-images,
videos, and other promotional material you have provided.
You affirm that you
have the right to upload and sell your content, and that itch.io and its
users can use and/or purchase your content without violating anybody else’s
rights.

Publishers are solely responsible for the content they upload and distribute on
itch.io.
Publishers affirm, represent, and warrant that they own or have the
rights, licenses, permissions and consents necessary to publish, duplicate, and
distribute the submitted content.
By submitting content to the Service for
distribution, Publishers also grant a license to the Company for all patent,
trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to the
Content for publication on the Service, pursuant to this Agreement.
The Company
does not endorse copyright infringing activities or other intellectual property
infringing activities and violations of may result in the removal of content if
the Company is notified of such violations.
Removal and termination of accounts
may occur without prior notice.
Publishers retain all ownership rights to the submitted content, and by
submitting content to the Service, Publishers hereby grant the following:

To the Company, a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the content in connection with the Service, including without limitation for promoting, redistributing in any and all media formats.
If you choose to remove your content from the Service, this license shall terminate within a commercially reasonable time after you remove your content from the Service.
To Users, a non-exclusive, perpetual license to access the content and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform such content as permitted through the functionality of the Service.
Users shall retain a license to this content even after the content is removed from the Service.
 5.
User Generated Content 

Summary You agree to let us display content you have uploaded to your
profile, written in a comment, left in a review, etc.
If you terminate your
account you can request to have your content deleted.

itch.io provides interfaces and tools for Users to generate content and make it
available to other users, including ratings, reviews, profile images, banners,
and others (“User Generated Content” or “UGC”.
By uploading or creating such
UGC, you grant to Company the worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty free
license to use, reproduce, create derivative works, display, perform and
distribute for the UGC. 6.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act 

Summary If you believe one of the Publishers has violated your copyright,
please let us know about your complaint with the required information so we
can address the complaint.
If you think a complaint was filed in error, you
can also contact us to address your concerns.

Copyright owners or authorized agents who believe that any content on the
Service infringes upon their copyrights may submit a notification pursuant to
the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) by providing us with the
following information in writing (for further detail, please see 17 U.S.C.
512©(3)):

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

DMCA notices may be directed to support@itch.io.
You acknowledge that
failure to comply with the requirements of this section may invalidate your
DMCA notice. Counter Notice If you believe your removed content does not infringe, or if you have
authorization from the copyright holder, the holder’s agent, or pursuant to
law, you may send a counter-notice containing the following information:

Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the Content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the Content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the Content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the Content.
and
Your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in San Francisco, California, and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.

If a counter-notice is received, Company may send a copy to the original
complaining party informing them the content may be replaced or removed in 10
business days.
Unless the copyright holder files an action seeking a court
order against the Publisher or User, the removed content may be replaced in 10
to 14 business days or after receipt of the counter-notice, at Company’s sole
discretion.

 7.
Acceptable Payment Forms 

Summary You may need to comply with PayPal and Stripe’s acceptable use
policies.
You agree to pay for something when you enter your payment
information.
You are the authorized user of any payment information you enter.

Publishers who distribute content on the Service for a fee may be subject to
the acceptable use policies of the Company’s payment providers, Stripe and
PayPal.
You can review the acceptable use policies for our payment providers:

PayPal
Stripe

When you provide payment information to the Company or one of its payment
providers, you represent that you are the authorized user of the card, PIN, key
or account associated with that payment, and you authorize the Company to
charge your credit card or process your payment with the chosen payment
provider.

 8.
Transactions and Fees 

Summary Publishers can set their own prices for their games (or even make
them free).
If you do sell your game, itch.io will be entitled to a share
(that you set) and may be required to withhold an amount of the sales for
tax, VAT and other charges.

Publishers may set the prices, at their own discretion, for their content and
products to be sold through the Service (each sale, a “Transaction”).
The
Company shall be entitled to a share of the revenue Publishers receive from
Transactions which shall be calculated on the gross revenue from the
Transactions, not including any Transactions for which Publisher or Company
provides a refund in accordance with the transaction configuration on
Publisher’s account (the “Revenue Share”).
Publishers may also configure
transactions to provide for a portion of revenue to be directed towards a
selected charity under the Publisher’s transaction configuration.
For
Transactions, Company will collect the purchase price and any applicable fees
and taxes through its payment providers, and will pay to Publisher the proceeds
net of the applicable Revenue Share, payment provider fees, and applicable
taxes, VAT, duties, charges or levies.
The Company may withhold any taxes,
duties, charges or levies on payments by Company to Publisher pursuant to this
Agreement, as may be required by applicable law, rule or regulation, and submit
such withheld taxes, duties, charges or levies to the appropriate tax
authority.
Use of IP proxies or other methods to disguise your place of
residence, whether to circumvent geographic restrictions on content, to
purchase at a price not applicable to your geography, or for any other purpose,
is a violation of this Agreement.

 9.
Refunds 

Summary You may be eligible for a refund if the product does not work or
does not represent what was advertised.
Please contact support for
help.

Users may request, and Company may process, refund requests if the purchased
content cannot run, some other issue prevents access to the content, or the
product does not accurately represent what was advertised.
For technical
issues, Company will direct users to the Publisher to first try to resolve such
issues.
To request a refund, please contact support with your
purchase information.
For content selling third party external keys (e.g.
Steam
keys), Company may require the Publisher to confirm cancellation of the key
before a refund can be processed due to the Company’s inability to disable
access.
Some Publishers utilizing older payment methods are responsible for
handling refunds themselves.
If you are uncertain about refund eligibility,
please contact support. 10.
Unclaimed Earnings In Publisher Accounts 

Summary If you don’t withdraw earnings from your account older than a
year, we may charge a maintenance fee proportional to any unclaimed money
older than a year left in your account.
Itch.io is not a bank, so you need to
claim your earnings in a timely manner.
If you need Itch.io to withhold
unclaimed payments longer than 12 months contact support.

Publisher accounts receiving Payouts from the Company are subject to a
maintenance fee for unclaimed transactions.
Payouts from the Company are
issued when the Company is the Merchant of Record.
Accrued revenue from transactions initiated over twelve (12) months ago that
has not been claimed for withdrawal may be subject to a maintenance fee.
Company reserves the right to debit your Publisher account balance per month:

Ten percent (10%) of the original revenue earned per purchase older than twelve (12) months

until your balance reaches zero or you initiate a withdrawal for the remainder
of the balance.
Publisher accounts may request to delay this fee by contacting
support and expressing their intent to claim at a determined time in
the future.

In simple English, this means that after 1 year, if you haven’t initiated a
payout for the earnings of a purchase, 10% of it will be debited from your
account per month.
After 10 months you will no longer be able to claim any of
that purchase.

The maintenance charge will not cause your account balance to become negative
and will not cause you to owe money to the Company.
Publisher accounts with purchases initiated before the publish date of this
clause (May 24, 2018), have a six month grace period (until November 24, 2018)
where the maintenance fee will not be applied. 11.
Warranty Disclaimer YOU AGREE THAT USE OF THE SERVICE SHALL BE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
THE COMPANY, ITS
OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS (“AFFILIATES”) DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES AND THE USE
THEREOF TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR
REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SERVICE, THE SITE’S
CONTENT, OR THE CONTENT OF ANY PUBLISHER LINKED TO THIS SITE AND ASSUMES NO
LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (A) ERRORS, MISTAKES OR INACCURACIES OF
CONTENT, (B) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER
RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES, © ANY UNAUTHORIZED
ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVICES, SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL
INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (D) ANY INTERRUPTION
OR CESSATION OF ACCESS TO OUR SERVICES, (E) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES,
OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD
PARTY, AND/OR (F) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR
DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED,
EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES.
THE COMPANY
DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT
OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SERVICES OR ANY
HYPERLINKED SERVICES OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND THE
COMPANY WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY
TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. 12.
Limitation of Liability TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER COMPANY OR ITS
AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR YOUR LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND
RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE, YOUR ACCOUNT, OR YOUR
PURCHASED/SUBMITTED CONTENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF GOODWILL,
WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL
DAMAGES OR LOSSES.
IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR
ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY
DAMAGES, OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ITCH.IO,
THE SERVICES, OR THE CONTENT, EVEN IN THE EVENT OF THE COMPANY’S OR ITS
AFFILIATES’ FAULT, TORT (EXCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR BREACH OF
COMPANY’S WARRANTY AND EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.
THESE LIMITATIONS AND LIABILITY EXCLUSIONS APPLY EVEN IF ANY REMEDY
FAILS TO PROVIDE ADEQUATE RECOMPENSE.
AS SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH STATES OR JURISDICTIONS, EACH OF THE COMPANY AND
ITS AFFILIATES’ LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. 13.
Term and Termination.


Summary Users can terminate their account at any time, but are not
entitled to a refund because of such termination.
Publishers can terminate at
any time as well, and itch.io will comply with removing submitted content and
winding up outstanding payments.
Certain sections of the Terms of Service
relating to how the agreement is interpreted and administered will still
apply, even if you terminate your account.



Term. The term of this Agreement commences on the date you first register an account and will continue in effect unless otherwise terminated in accordance with this Agreement.

Termination by Users. Users may terminate their account at any time.
You may cease to use your account, or if you so choose, may request that the Company terminate your access to your account.
User accounts may not be transferred, sold, or assigned to a third party, and such actions may result in account termination.
User account termination does not entitle the user to a refund.

Termination by Publishers. Publishers may terminate their account at any time.
Publishers may request the removal of content and final payment of outstanding Transaction balances, and the Company will comply within a commercially reasonable time.
The Company may retain a percentage of the outstanding Transaction balance at Company’s sole discretion in case of refunds, fees, or other payment issues.

Survival. Sections 4, 5, 8, 9, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, and 18 will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.
 14.
Governing Law/Jurisdiction 

Summary This agreement is under California law, and all disputes are to
be addressed in San Francisco, California.

The internal laws of the State of California shall govern this Agreement
without giving effect to the choice of law rules thereof.
Each party
irrevocably and unconditionally submits to non-exclusive jurisdiction of the
state and federal courts in the city of San Francisco, California, and the
appropriate courts of appeal from such courts for any other matter concerning
this Agreement.
You agree that the Service shall be deemed solely based in
California, is a passive website, and does not give rise to personal
jurisdiction over Company, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other
than California. 15.
Class Action Waiver 

Summary No dispute related to these Terms of Service may be consolidated into a class action.

YOU AND COMPANY AGREE NOT TO BRING OR PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS, COLLECTIVE, OR
REPRESENTATIVE ACTION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR COLLECTIVE
ARBITRATION, EVEN IF ARBITRATION PROCEDURES OR RULES WOULD OTHERWISE ALLOW ONE.
You and Company also agree not to seek to combine any action with any other
action without the consent of all parties to this Agreement and all other
actions.
If the agreement in this Section not to bring or participate in a class,
collective or representative action, private attorney general action or
collective arbitration should be found illegal or unenforceable, you and
Company agree that it shall not be severable, that this entire Section shall be
unenforceable and any claim or dispute would be resolved in court and not in a
class or collective action. 16.
Indemnity 

Summary You agree to pay for any of itch.io’s damages and costs if your
game or actions causes damage to a third party.

To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify and
hold harmless Company and its Affiliates, from and against all claims, damages,
obligations, losses, liabilities, costs, debt, or expenses (including but not
limited to attorneys’ fees) arising from: (a) your use and access of the
service.
(b) your violation of any term of this Agreement.
© your violation
of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright,
trademark, property or privacy right.
(d) any claim that your submitted content
caused damage to a third party. 17.
Assignment 

Summary You are not allowed to assign this agreement, but Itch.io can
assign this agreement.

This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Company without restriction. 18.
Miscellaneous These Terms of Service, together with the Privacy
Policy and any other legal notices
published by Company on the Service, shall constitute the entire agreement
between you and Company concerning the Service.
If any provision of this
Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the
invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of these Terms of Service, which shall remain in full force and
effect.
No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or
continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Company’s failure to
assert any right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a
waiver of such right or provision.
Company reserves the right to modify and
amend these Terms of Service at any time and without notice, and it is your
responsibility to review these Terms of Service for any changes.
Your use of
the Service following any amendment of these Terms of Service will signify your
assent to and acceptance of its revised terms.
Headings and the simplified
description of sections are provided for convenience and shall not affect the
interpretation of this Agreement.
YOU AND COMPANY AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF
ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1)
YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES.
OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS
PERMANENTLY BARRED.
 Follow itch.io on Twitter or Facebook for new games and site features. 