 

Home


Links


Dictionary


About

 Bible Start Reading
Search by Keyword
Audio Bible
Reading Plans
Download 
 About Us Authorized King James Version Bible 

Our website features the Authorized King James Version of the Holy Bible which is God’s providentially appointed Word for the whole world which reveals the name of the Father as “Jehovah,” and the name of His Son, “Jesus,” in Whom there is salvation, and the name of the “Holy Ghost,” Who indwells every born-again Christian believer. Universal Settings Menu 

Our settings menu allows you to fully customize your Bible reading experience.
Read more about the features of our website below.

Change Font family, font size and font color.
Show or hide verses, book and chapter headings.
Highlight the words of Jesus in red, purple or bold style.
Estimate reading time.
(Total words \ average reading speed of 200 WPM)
 Statement of Faith 


We believe in the Almighty God who is revealed as the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.
- 1 John 5:7
We believe that salvation is by Grace through faith in Jesus Christ.
- Ephesians 2:8-10
We believe that the Bible is the infallible Word of God and is the sole source of authority for religious faith and practice.
- Ps.
12:6-7
 Bible Reading Tips 

Follow these Bible reading tips to make the most out of your visit to our website.

If you haven't already, customize your Bible reading experience through our settings menu.
This is the most unique feature of our website that sets us apart from other websites.
Pray and ask God to be filled with the Holy Spirit before reading the Bible.
The Holy Spirit guides us to all truth.
- John 16:13
Be consistent.
Try to read the Bible every day so that you can be filled with the power of God's word.
To help you be consistent, start one of our three Bible reading plans.
If you've never read through the Bible before, start with the New Testament reading plan as it can be completed in just 54 days.
For reading plans, enable the 'estimate reading time' feature in the settings menu.
 We respect your privacy! 


We DO NOT collect or share any information about the user.
This site uses cookies

 to set user preferences via the settings menu.
These cookies DO NOT reveal any information about the user.
 Make a Donation 

Please help support our website by making a donation today.
Donate using PayPal: Donate now! Contact Us 

For questions, comments or suggestions, please contact: support@kjvpce.com 