 LogMeIn Privacy Policy
Last Updated on January 1, 2018

Introduction

This privacy policy will help you understand what information we collect and use at LogMeIn, and the choices you have associated with that information.
When we refer to “LogMeIn,” “we,” “our,” or “us” in this policy, we are referring to LogMeIn, Inc.,
 and its subsidiaries and affiliates, which provides the Services to you.
The “Services” refers to the applications, services, and websites (marketing and product) provided by LogMeIn.
LogMeIn may, from time to time, introduce new products and services.
To the extent that these new products and services affect this policy, we will notify you as described in Section 8 below.
This privacy policy covers the digital properties listed here.
The use of information collected through our service shall be limited to the purpose of providing the services for our customers and as specified herein.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our practices, please contact us.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.

EU-U.S.
and Swiss Privacy Shield 

LogMeIn has self-certified to the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield and Swiss Privacy Shield with respect to Customer Data.
For more information, see our Privacy Shield Notice.

Contents:



Information We Collect and Receive


How We Use the Information We Collect and Receive 


Analytics, Cookies and Other Web Site Technologies 


Information Sharing 


Communicating


Accessing Your Data


Security


Changes to this Statement/Contact Us


1.
Information We Collect and Receive
We collect several different types of information to provide Services to you, including:

Customer Account and Registration Data: This includes information you provide to create your account with us or register for events, webinars, surveys, etc.
and may include, first and last name, billing information, a password and a valid email address.

Service Data (including Session and Usage data):

When you use our Services, we receive information generated through the use of the Service, either entered by you or others who use the Services with you (for example, schedules, attendee info, etc.), or from the Service infrastructure itself, (for example, duration of session, use of webcams, connection information, etc.)&nbsp.
We may also collect usage and log data about how the services are accessed and used, including information about the device you are using the Services on, IP addresses, location information, language settings, what operating system you are using, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data to help us support the Services.

Third Party Data: We may receive information about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data, and combine this data with information we already have about you.
We may also receive information from other affiliated companies that are a part of our corporate group.
This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new prospects for marketing, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you.&nbsp;

Location Information: We collect your location-based information for the purpose of providing and supporting the service and for fraud prevention and security monitoring.
If you wish to opt-out of the collection and use of your collection information, you may do so by turning it off on your device settings.

Device Information: When you use our Services, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use, operating system version, and the device identifier (or "UDID").
2.
How We Use the Information We Collect and Receive 
LogMeIn may access (which may include, with your consent, limited viewing or listening) and use the data we collect as necessary (a) to provide and maintain the Services.
(b) to address and respond to service, security, and customer support issues.
(c) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, unlawful, or technical issues.
(d) as required by law.
(e) to fulfill our contracts.
(f) to improve and enhance the Services.
(g) to provide analysis or valuable information back to our Customers and users.
Some specific examples of how we use the information:

Create and administer your account
Send you an order confirmation
Facilitate and improve the usage of the services you have ordered
Assess the needs of your business to determine suitable products
Send you product updates, marketing communication, and service information
Respond to customer inquiries and support requests
Conduct research and analysis
Display content based upon your interests
Analyze data, including through automated systems and machine learning to improve our services and/or your experience
Provide you information about your use of the services and benchmarks, insights and suggestions for improvements
Market services of our third-party business partners

LogMeIn also collects and stores meeting attendee information to fulfill our obligation to our customers and provide the Services.
With their consent, we may also directly provide product and other LogMeIn related information to attendees.
LogMeIn will retain your information as long as your account with us is active, to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
If you wish to cancel your account or for us to stop providing you services, or if we hold personal information about you and you want it to be removed from our database or inactivated, please contact us here.
3.
Analytics, Cookies and Other Web Site Technologies
LogMeIn is continuously improving our websites and products through the use of various third party web analytics tools, which help us understand how visitors use our websites, desktop tools, and mobile applications, what they like and dislike, and where they may have problems.
While we maintain ownership of this data, we do not share this type of data about individual users with third parties.
Geolocation and Other Data:
We may utilize precise Geolocation data but only if you specifically opt-in to collection of that data in connection with a particular service.
We also use information such as IP addresses to determine the general geographic locations areas of our visitors.
The web beacons used in conjunction with these web analytics tools may gather data such as what browser or operating system a person uses, as well as, domain names, MIME types, and what content, products and services are reviewed or downloaded when visiting or registering for services at one of our websites or using one of our mobile applications.
Google Analytics and Adobe Marketing Cloud:
We use Google Analytics as described in “How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.” You can prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics on websites by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on here.&nbsp.
We also employ IP address masking, a technique used to truncate IP addresses collected by Google Analytics and store them in an abbreviated form to prevent them from being traced back to individual users.
Portions of our website may also use Google Analytics for Display Advertisers including DoubleClick or Dynamic Remarketing which provide interest-based ads based on your visit to this or other websites.&nbsp.
You can use Ads Settings to manage the Google ads you see and opt-out of interest-based ads.&nbsp.
We also use Adobe Marketing Cloud as described here.&nbsp.
You can opt-out of use of this information as described below.
Tracking Technologies:
LogMeIn and our partners use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track user traffic patterns and hold certain registration information.
Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our service.
If you wish to not have the information these technologies collect used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out here, or if located in the European Union, click here.
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether.
You can still review the website if you choose to set your browser to refuse all cookies.
however, you must enable cookies to establish an account and to install the Services.
To manage Flash cookies, please click here.
Examples of Cookies We Use:
Cookie Type
Purpose
Description
Session Cookies
We use these cookies to operate our websites.
Some cookies are essential for the operation of LogMeIn websites.
If a user chooses to disable these cookies, the user will not be able to access all of the content and features.
Preference Cookies
We use these cookies to remember your preferences.
When you register at a LogMeIn website, we use cookies to store unique, randomly assigned user IDs that we generate for administrative purposes.
These cookies enable you to enter the LogMeIn sites without having to log on each time.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
We use cookies to make advertising more engaging to users, as well as to assist in reporting on marketing program performance and analytics
Security Cookies
These cookies are used for general security purposes and user authentication.
We use security cookies to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent use of login credentials, and protect user data from access by unauthorized parties.

Mobile Analytics

We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your phone.
This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile application.
Social Media: Our sites include social media features, such as Facebook, Google and Twitter “share” buttons.
These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
These services will also authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form or provide feedback.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.
4.
Information Sharing 
Ensuring your privacy is important to us.
We do not share your personal information with third parties except as described in this privacy policy.
We may share your personal information with (a) third party service providers.
(b) business partners.
(c) affiliated companies within our corporate structure and (d) as needed for legal purposes.
Third party service providers have access to personal information only as needed to perform their functions and they must process the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Examples of how we may share information with service providers include:

Fulfilling orders and providing the services
Payment processing and fraud prevention
Providing customer support
Sending marketing communications
Conducting research and analysis
Providing cloud computing infrastructure

Examples of how we may disclose data for legal reasons include:

As part of a merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company where customer information will be one of the transferred assets.
As required by law, for example, to comply with a valid subpoena or other legal process.
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, or to protect your safety (or the safety of others).
to investigate fraud.
or to respond to a government request.

We may also disclose your personal information to any third party with your prior consent.
5.
Communications
LogMeIn may need to communicate with you for a variety of different reasons, including:

Responding to your questions and requests.
If you contact us with a problem or question, we will use your information to respond.
Sending you Service and administrative emails and messages.
We may contact you to inform you about changes in our Services, our Service offerings, and important Service related notices, such as billing, security and fraud notices.
These emails and messages are considered a necessary part of the Services and you may not opt-out of them.
Sending emails about new products or other news about LogMeIn that we think you’d like to hear about either from us or from our business partners.
You can always opt out of these types of messages at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each communication.
Conducting surveys.
We may use the information gathered in the surveys to enhance and personalize our products, services, and websites.
Offering referral programs and incentives, which allow you to utilize email, text, or URL links that you can share with friends or colleagues.

6.
Accessing Your Data
Our customers can always review, update or change personal information from within their account.
LogMeIn will also, when you request, provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information.&nbsp.
Please contact us here if you need assistance in reviewing your information.
LogMeIn will respond to your access request to review the information we have on file for you within a reasonable time.
We may also collect information on behalf of our customers, to provide the services, and we may not have a direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data is processed.
If you are a customer or end-user of one of our customers, please contact them (as the data controller) directly if: (i) you would no longer like to be contacted by them.
or (ii) to access, correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data.
&nbsp;If requested to remove data by our customer, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
We may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our service, and when we do, these transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by appropriate transfer agreements.
We will retain personal data we process on behalf of our customer as needed to provide services to our customer.
Also, we will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
LogMeIn is headquartered in the United States of America and maintains a global infrastructure.&nbsp.
Information that we collect and maintain may be transferred to, or controlled and processed in, the United States and/or other countries around the world.
When you provide us with information, or use our website(s) and services, you consent to this transfer.&nbsp.
We will protect the privacy and security of personal information we collect in accordance with this privacy policy, regardless of where it is processed or stored.
7.
Security
LogMeIn follows generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received, however, no security measure is perfect.
We recommend safeguarding your password, as it is one of the easiest ways you can manage the security of your own account – remember that if you lose control over your password, you may lose control over your personal information.
8.
Changes to this Statement/Contact Us
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices.
If we make any material changes we will provide notice on this website, and we may notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account), prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
If you continue to use the Services after those changes are in effect, you agree to the revised policy.
If you have any other questions about this policy please contact LogMeIn Privacy Team, or call +1 805 690 6400 or write to us via postal mail at: &nbsp;LogMeIn, 320 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02210.
To reach our Global Customer Support department, you may contact us here.
  Terms of Service
This is a legal agreement between the person or organization (“Customer” or “you”) agreeing to these Terms of Service (“Terms”) and the applicable contracting entities at https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/contracting-entities (“LogMeIn,” “us,” or “we”).
By accepting these Terms, signing an Order, or using the Services, you represent that you are of legal age and have the authority to bind the Customer to the Order, these Terms, and the applicable Service Descriptions (collectively the “Agreement”).



ACCESS AND USE OF THE SERVICES.


1.1.&nbsp;Right to Use Services.&nbsp;You agree to use the Services in accordance with the use levels by which we measure, price and offer our Services as posted on our websites, your Order, or the Service Descriptions (“Use Levels”).
You may use our Services only as permitted in these Terms, and you consent to our Privacy Policy at https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/privacy, which is incorporated by reference.
We grant you a limited right to use our Services only for business and professional purposes.
Technical support for the Services is described in the Service Descriptions.
If your affiliates use our Services, you warrant that you have the authority to bind those affiliates and you will be liable if your affiliates do not comply with the Agreement.
“Services” means our software-as-a-service offerings and audio services (which include any related hardware and are offered by LogMeIn Audio, LLC, Grasshopper Group LLC, or Jive Communications, Inc.
or its subsidiaries, the telecommunications providers responsible for the rates and terms relating to the respective audio services.
“Service Descriptions,” available at https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/service-descriptions, include an overview of the Services, and may include service-specific additional terms.
The Service Descriptions are incorporated into these Terms.
The Services, software and websites are provided via equipment and resources located in the United States and other locations throughout the world and you consent to having personal data processed by us in the United States and other locations throughout the world.
1.2.&nbsp;Limitations on Use
.&nbsp;By using our Services, you agree on behalf of yourself, your users and your attendees, not to (i) modify, prepare derivative works of, or reverse engineer, our Services.
(ii) knowingly or negligently use our Services in a way that abuses or disrupts our networks, user accounts, or the Services.
(iii) transmit through the Services any harassing, indecent, obscene, fraudulent, or unlawful material.
(iv) market, or resell the Services to any third party.
(v) use the Services in violation of applicable laws, or regulations.
(vi) use the Services to send unauthorized advertising, or spam.
(vii) harvest, collect, or gather user data without their consent.
or (viii) transmit through the Services any material that may infringe the intellectual property, privacy, or other rights of third parties.

1.3.&nbsp;Changes to Services. We reserve the right to enhance, upgrade, improve, or modify features of our Services as we deem appropriate and in our discretion.
We will not materially reduce the core functionality (as set forth in the Service Descriptions) or discontinue any Services unless we provide you with prior written notice.
We may offer additional functionality to our standard Services or premium feature improvements for an additional cost.

1.4.&nbsp;Proprietary Rights and LogMeIn Marks.&nbsp;You acknowledge that we or our licensors retain all proprietary right, title and interest in the Services, our name, logo or other marks (together, the “LogMeIn Marks”), and any related intellectual property rights, including, without limitation, all modifications, enhancements, derivative works, and upgrades thereto.
You agree that you will not use or register any trademark, service mark, business name, domain name or social media account name or handle which incorporates in whole or in part the LogMeIn Marks or is similar to any of these.
You agree to comply with our Branding Guidelines, available at https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/trademark, which are incorporated into this Agreement by reference.


ORDERS, FEES AND PAYMENT
.


2.1.&nbsp;Orders
.&nbsp;You may order Services using our then-current ordering processes (“Order”).
All Orders are effective on the earlier of (i) the date you submit your Order, or (ii) the date on the signature block of the Order (“Effective Date”).
Acceptance of your Order may be subject to our verification and credit approval process.
Each Order shall be treated as a separate and independent Order.
A Purchase Order is required for non-credit card transactions over 25,000 USD, or equivalent, unless Customer does not require a Purchase Order as part of its purchasing process.
2.2.&nbsp;Fees and Paymen
t.&nbsp;You agree to pay all applicable, undisputed fees for the Services on the terms set forth on the invoice.
Except as set forth in Section&nbsp;3.3 below or in the Service Descriptions, any and all payments you make to us for access to the Services are final and non-refundable.
You are responsible for all fees and charges imposed by your voice and data transmission providers related to your access and use of the Services.
You are responsible for providing accurate and current billing, contact and payment information to us or any reseller.
You agree that we may take steps to verify whether your payment method is valid, charge your payment card or bill you for all amounts due for your use of the Services, and automatically update your payment card information using software designed to do so in the event your payment card on file is no longer valid.
You agree that your credit card information and related personal data may be provided to third parties for payment processing and fraud prevention purposes.
We may suspend or terminate your Services if at any time we determine that your payment information is inaccurate or not current, and you are responsible for fees and overdraft charges that we may incur when we charge your card for payment.
We will not agree to submit invoices via any customer procure-to-pay online portal or Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) portals.
We reserve the right to update the price for Services at any time after your Initial Term, and price changes will be effective as of your next billing cycle.
We will notify you of any price changes by publishing on our website, emailing, quoting or invoicing you.

2.3.&nbsp;Sales, Promotional Offers, Coupons and Pricing. Sales, promotions and other special discounted pricing offers are temporary and, upon the renewal of your subscription, any such discounted pricing offers may expire.
We reserve the right to discontinue or modify any coupons, credits, sales and special promotional offers in our sole discretion.
2.4.&nbsp;Disputes.
Delinquent Accounts
. You must notify us of any fee dispute within 15 days of the invoice date, and once resolved, you agree to pay those fees within 15 days.
We may also suspend or terminate your Services if you do not pay undisputed fees, and you agree to reimburse us for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred in collecting delinquent amounts.
2.5.&nbsp;Taxes and Withholding
. You are responsible for all applicable sales, services, value-added, goods and services, withholding, tariffs, Universal Services Fund (USF) fees (if applicable to the Audio Services only) and similar taxes (collectively, “Taxes”) imposed by any government entity or collecting agency based on the Services, except those Taxes based on our net income, or Taxes for which you have provided an exemption certificate.
Additionally, if you do not satisfy your Tax obligations, you agree that you will be required to reimburse us for any Taxes paid on your behalf, and we may take steps to collect Taxes we have paid on your behalf.
In all cases, you will pay the amounts due under this Agreement to us in full without any right of set-off or deduction.


T
ERM AND TERMINATION
.


3.1.&nbsp;Term.&nbsp;The initial term commitment for your purchase of Services will be as specified on an Order (“Initial Term”) and begins on the Effective Date.
After the Initial Term, the Services will automatically renew for additional 12-month periods (“Renewal Terms”), unless either party provides notice of non-renewal at least 30 days before the current term expires.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for certain Services, the Service Descriptions may specify a different Initial Term or Renewal Terms.
You may provide notice of non-renewal for each Service you do not wish to renew at https://support.logmeininc.com/contactus.
We may agree to align the invoicing under multiple Orders but this will not reduce the term of any Order.
Terminating specific Services does not affect the term of any other Services still in effect.
If we permit you to reinstate Services at any time after termination, you agree that you will be bound by the then-current Terms and the renewal date that was in effect as of the effective termination date.

3.2.&nbsp;Termination for Cause
.&nbsp;Either party may terminate the Agreement (i) if the other party breaches its material obligations and fails to cure within 30 days of receipt of written notice, or (ii) if the other party becomes insolvent or bankrupt, liquidated or is dissolved, or ceases substantially all of its business, and we may suspend access or terminate immediately if you breach Section&nbsp;1.2,&nbsp;4 or 5.

3.3.&nbsp;Effect of Termination
. If the Agreement or any Services are terminated, your account may be converted to a “free” or “basic” version of the Service, if available, at our discretion.
Otherwise, you will immediately discontinue all use of the terminated Services, except that upon request, we will provide you with limited access to the Services for a period not to exceed 30 days, solely to enable you to retrieve your Content from the Services.
We have no obligation to maintain your Content after that period.
Neither party will be liable for any damages resulting from termination of the Agreement, and termination will not affect any claim arising prior to the effective termination date.
If we discontinue Services or materially reduce the core functionality in accordance with Section&nbsp;1.3 above, the related Order will be terminated and we will provide you with a pro rata refund of any prepaid, unused fees.
You agree to pay for any use of the Services past the date of expiration or termination which have not been converted to a free version of the Service.

3.4.&nbsp;Survival
.&nbsp;The provisions of Sections 2 (Orders, Fees and Payment), 3.3 (Effect of Termination), 4 (Your Content and Accounts), 7&nbsp;(Indemnification), 8 (Limitation on Liability), 9.6 (No Class Actions), 9.11 (Notices), and 9.14 (Contracting Party, Choice of Law and Location for Resolving Disputes) survive any termination of the Agreement.


YOUR Content AND ACCOUNTS
.


4.1.&nbsp;Your Content. You retain all rights to your Content (defined below) and we do not own or license your Content.
We may use, modify, reproduce and distribute your Content in order to provide and operate the Services.
You warrant that (i) you have the right to upload or otherwise share Content with us, and (ii) your uploading or processing of your Content in the context of our Services does not infringe on any rights of any third party.
Each party agrees to apply reasonable technical, organizational and administrative security measures to keep Content protected in accordance with industry standards.
We will not view, access or process any of your Content, except: (x) as authorized or instructed by you or your users in this Agreement or in any other agreement between the parties, or (y) as required to comply with our policies, applicable law, or governmental request.
You agree to comply with all legal duties applicable to you as a data controller by virtue of the submission of your Content within the Services.
If your Content, including any personal data (as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation EU 2016/679 or “GDPR”) residing therein is subject to data protection laws of the European Union, European Economic Area, or Switzerland (collectively, the “EEA+”) and is processed by us as a data processor acting on your behalf (in your capacity as data controller), we will use and process your Content in order to provide the Services and fulfill our obligations under the Agreement, and in accordance with your instructions as represented in this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this Section 4.1 expresses the entirety of our obligations with respect to your Content.
“Content” means any files, documents, recordings, chat logs, transcripts, and similar data that we maintain on your or your users’ behalf, as well as any other information you or your users may upload to your Service account in connection with the Services.

4.2.&nbsp;Your Accounts
.&nbsp;You are solely responsible for (i) all use of the Services by you and your users, (ii) obtaining consent from your users to the collection, use, processing and transfer of Content, and (iii) providing notices or obtaining consent as legally required in connection with the Services.
We do not send emails asking for your usernames or passwords, and to keep your accounts secure, you should keep all usernames and passwords confidential.
We are not liable for any loss that you may incur if a third party uses your password or account.
We may suspend the Services or terminate the Agreement if you, your users, or attendees are using the Services in a manner that is likely to cause harm to us.
You agree to notify us immediately and terminate any unauthorized access to the Services or other security breach.



COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS
.&nbsp;In connection with the performance, access and use of the Services under the Agreement, each party agrees to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations including, but not limited to export, privacy, and data protection laws and regulations.
Each party represents that it is not named on any U.S.
government denied-party list.
Further, Customer shall not permit its users to access or use any Service or Content in a U.S.
embargoed country or in violation of any U.S.
export law or regulation.
If necessary and in accordance with applicable law, we will cooperate with local, state, federal and international government authorities with respect to the Services.
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Terms, we may immediately terminate the Agreement for noncompliance with applicable laws.


W
ARRANTIES
. WE WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL CONFORM TO THE SERVICE DESCRIPTIONS UNDER NORMAL USE.
WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (i) THE USE OF OUR SERVICES WILL BE TIMELY, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, OR OPERATE IN COMBINATION WITH ANY SPECIFIC HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, SYSTEM OR DATA, (ii) OUR SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR (iii) ALL ERRORS OR DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED.
USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
OUR ENTIRE LIABILITY AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS WARRANTY WILL BE, AT OUR SOLE OPTION AND SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, TO PROVIDE CONFORMING SERVICES, OR TO TERMINATE THE NON-CONFORMING SERVICES OR THE APPLICABLE ORDER, AND PROVIDE A PRO-RATED REFUND OF ANY PREPAID FEES FROM THE DATE YOU NOTIFY US OF THE NON-CONFORMANCE THROUGH THE END OF THE REMAINING TERM.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO CUSTOMERS LOCATED IN THOSE JURISDICTIONS.

I
NDEMNIFICATION
. You will indemnify and defend us against any third party claim resulting from a breach of Section 1.2 or&nbsp;4, or alleging that any of your Content infringes upon any patent or copyright, or violates a trade secret of any party, and you agree to pay reasonable attorney’s fees, court costs, damages finally awarded, or reasonable settlement costs with respect to any such claim.We will promptly notify you of any claim and cooperate with you in defending the claim.
You will reimburse us for reasonable expenses incurred in providing any cooperation or assistance.
You will have full control and authority over the defense and settlement of any claim, except that: (i) any settlement requiring us to admit liability requires prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and (ii) we may join in the defense with our own counsel at our own expense.


LIMITATION ON LIABILITY
.


8.1.&nbsp;LIMITATION ON INDIRECT LIABILITY
.
NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL LOSS, EXEMPLARY OR OTHER SUCH DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO: (i) LOSS OF DATA, (ii) LOSS OF INCOME, (iii) LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY, (iv) LOST PROFITS, OR (v) COSTS OF RECOVERY, HOWEVER CAUSED AND BASED ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR VIOLATION OF STATUTE, WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY.

8.2.&nbsp;LIMITATION ON AMOUNT OF LIABILITY.
EXCEPT FOR YOUR BREACH OF SECTIONS 1.2 OR 4 AND YOUR INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY AND THEIR RESPECTIVE LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO THE SUM OF THE AMOUNTS PAID FOR THE APPLICABLE SERVICE DURING THE 12&nbsp;MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE INCIDENT GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT LIMIT YOUR OBLIGATIONS TO PAY ANY UNDISPUTED FEES AND OTHER AMOUNTS DUE UNDER ANY ORDER.


A
DDITIONAL TERMS
.


9.1.&nbsp;European Union Customer Data
. If you are located in or are subject to the applicable laws of the EEA+, including the GDPR, you may complete a LogMeIn Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”) here.
Additional information about LogMeIn’s privacy, security, and sub-processors disclosures can be found at https://www.logmeininc.com/gdpr.

9.2.&nbsp;Free Services and 
Trial
s
. Your right to access and use any free Services is not guaranteed for any period of time and we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to limit or terminate your use of any free versions of any Services by any individual or entity.
If you are using the Services on a trial or promotional basis (“Trial Period”), your Trial Period and access to the Services will terminate (i) at the end of the Trial Period stated in your Order, or (ii) if no date is specified, 30 days after your initial access to the Services, (iii) or upon your conversion to a subscription.
During the Trial Period, to the extent permitted by law, we provide the Services “AS IS” and without warranty or indemnity, and all other terms otherwise apply.
We may modify or discontinue any trials or promotions at any time without notice.
9.3.&nbsp;Third Party Features
. The Services may be linked to third party sites or applications (“Third Party Services”).
We are not responsible for and do not endorse Third Party Services.
You have sole discretion whether to purchase or connect to any Third Party Services and your use is governed solely by the terms for those Third Party Services.

9.4.&nbsp;Beta Services. We may offer you access to beta services that are being provided prior to general release, but we do not make any guarantees that these services will be made generally available (“Beta Services”).
You understand and agree that the Beta Services may contain bugs, errors and other defects, and use of the Beta Services is at your sole risk.
You acknowledge that your use of Beta Services is on a voluntary and optional basis, and we have no obligation to provide technical support and may discontinue provision of Beta Services at any time in our sole discretion and without prior notice to you.
These Beta Services are offered “AS-IS”, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim any liability, warranties, indemnities, and conditions, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise.
If you are using Beta Services, you agree to receive related correspondence and updates from us, and acknowledge that opting out may result in cancellation of your access to the Beta Services.
If you provide feedback (“Feedback”) about the Beta Service, you agree that we own any Feedback that you share with us.
For the Beta Services only, these Terms supersede any conflicting terms and conditions in the Agreement, but only to the extent necessary to resolve conflict.
9.5.&nbsp;Copyright
. If you believe that our Services have been used in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you should follow the process outlined here: https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/dmca.
9.6.&nbsp;No Class Actions. You may only resolve disputes with us on an individual basis and you agree not to bring or participate in any class, consolidated, or representative action against us or any of our employees or affiliates.

9.7.&nbsp;Security Emergencies
.&nbsp;If we reasonably determine that the security of our Services or infrastructure may be compromised due to hacking attempts, denial of service attacks, or other malicious activities, we may temporarily suspend the Services and we will take action to promptly resolve any security issues.
We will notify you of any suspension or other action taken for security reasons.
9.8.&nbsp;High-Risk Use
.&nbsp;Except as otherwise set forth in a Service Description, you understand that the Services (i) are not designed or intended for use during high-risk activities, and (ii) do not allow and should not be used for calls to emergency services numbers (e.g., 911 (U.S.), or 999 and 112 (UK)).
WE ARE NOT A "DIAL-TONE" PROVIDER.
IN THE EVENT OF AN EMERGENCY WHILE USING ANY SERVICES, HANG UP AND DIAL YOUR LOCAL EMERGENCY NUMBER.
YOU MUST UTILIZE THE TELEPHONE SERVICE PROVIDED BY YOUR LOCAL CARRIER TO MAKE AN EMERGENCY CALL.
9.9.&nbsp;Recording
.&nbsp;Certain Services provide functionality that allows you to record audio and data shared during sessions.
You are solely responsible for complying with all applicable laws in the relevant jurisdictions while using recording functionality.
We disclaim all liability for your recording of audio or shared data, and you agree to hold us harmless from damages or liabilities related to the recording of any audio or data.
9.10.&nbsp;Assignment
.&nbsp;Neither party may assign its rights or delegate its duties under the Agreement either in whole or in part without the other party’s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, except that either party may assign the Agreement to an affiliated entity, or as part of a corporate reorganization, consolidation, merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of its business or assets to which this Agreement relates.
Any attempted assignment without consent will be void.
The Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of each party’s successors or assigns.
9.11.&nbsp;Notice
s
.&nbsp;Notices must be sent by personal delivery, overnight courier or registered or certified mail.
We may also provide notice to the email last designated on your account, electronically via postings on our website, in-product notices, or our self-service portal or administrative center.
Unless specified elsewhere in this Agreement, notices should be sent to us at the address for your applicable contracting entity, with a copy to our Legal Department, 320 Summer Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02210 USA, and we will send notices to the address last designated on your account.
Notice is given (a) upon personal delivery.
(b) for overnight courier, on the second business day after notice is sent, (c) for registered or certified mail, on the fifth business day after notice is sent, (d) for email, when the email is sent, or (e) if posted electronically, upon posting.

9.12.&nbsp;Entire Agreement.
Order of Precedence
.&nbsp;The Agreement, including your Order and related invoices for Services ordered, these Terms, Service Descriptions, and a DPA if applicable, sets forth the entire agreement between us relating to the Services and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous oral and written agreements, except as otherwise permitted.
If there is a conflict between an executed Order, these Terms, the DPA if applicable, and the&nbsp;Service Descriptions, the conflict will be resolved in that order, but only for the specific Services described in the applicable Order.
Nothing contained in any document submitted by you will add to or otherwise modify the Agreement.
We may update the Terms from time to time, which will be identified by the last updated date, and may be reviewed at https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/terms-and-conditions.
Your continued access to and use of the Service constitutes your acceptance of the then-current Terms.
9.13.&nbsp;General Terms
.&nbsp;If any term of this Agreement is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms.
Both parties are independent contractors and nothing in this Agreement creates a partnership, agency, fiduciary or employment relationship between the parties.
No person or entity not a party to the Agreement will be a third party beneficiary.
Our authorized distributors do not have the right to modify the Agreement or to make commitments binding on us.
Failure to enforce any right under the Agreement will not waive that right.
Unless otherwise specified, remedies are cumulative.
The Agreement may be agreed to online, or executed by electronic signature and in one or more counterparts.
No party will be responsible for any delay or failure to perform under the Agreement due to force majeure events (e.g.
natural disasters.
terrorist activities, activities of third party service providers, labor disputes.
and acts of government) and acts beyond a party’s reasonable control, but only for so long as those conditions persist.

9.14.&nbsp;Contracting Party, Choice of Law and Location for Resolving 
Disputes.&nbsp;The LogMeIn contracting entity, contact information, and governing law for your use of the Services will depend on where you are and the specific Services you have ordered, as set forth here: https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/contracting-entities.



Last Updated: October, 2018 (2018.v1)

