 
 Search Cookies &amp.
Other Tracking Technologies CBS, service providers working on our behalf, and businesses who collect information on our pages, may automatically receive certain information associated with you and/or your device(s) as part of your use of the CBS Services through browser or device-based tracking technologies such as cookies, pixels, tags, beacons, scripts, or other technology.
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer when you visit a website.
Tracking pixels (sometimes referred to as web beacons or clear GIFs) are tiny electronic tags with a unique identifier that are sometimes embedded in websites, online ads and/or email, and that are designed to provide usage information like ad impressions (how many times an ad is viewed) or clicks, to measure popularity of the Services and associated advertising, and to access information from user cookies.
The information we collect through online tracking technologies includes:

Information about how you access the CBS Services:
When you use CBS Services, we automatically collect or receive some information about how you access the CBS Services, including the device type, operating system, and browser you use, and how fast or stable your internet connection is.
The information we receive depends on the device you are using and which CBS Services you access.

Information about your activity on the CBS Services:
Information about your interactions with audio and video content, such as the type of content viewed or listened to (including music applications such as iTunes, Spotify and Last.fm) the content viewed, and information about your interactions with email messages we send you, such as which links you click on, and whether the messages were opened or forwarded.

Unique Identifiers:
IP addresses associated with the devices you use to access the CBS Services, Advertising IDs, Cookie IDs, and other unique identifiers.
The information accessed through cookies and other tracking technologies is used along with the other information we collect for the purposes outlined in the Privacy Policies of the respective brands listed below, namely:
Remembering your settings and choices and providing you with a customized experience on the CBS Services.
Monitoring, analyzing, and improving the operation, delivery, performance and usability of the CBS Services.
and
Providing you with personalized ads based on your activity on the CBS Services and on other sites and services not operated by CBS or its affiliates. MANAGE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES ON YOUR DEVICES Many devices and browsers give you the option to manage and/or disable cookies and other online tracking technologies.
We’ve compiled directions for some commonly used browsers and devices where the CBS Services are made available.
Please note that all devices and browsers are different.
The methods described below may change at any time.
We encourage you to always refer to the relevant instructions for your particular device or browser WEB BROWSERS Disabling Cookies* *Your opt-out choice is often stored in a cookie.
Blocking cookies may prevent the CBS Services from operating as expected and may also prevent your consent choices from being stored.
That may mean that if you opt-out, then block cookies, we may not know about, or be able to honor, your opt-out.
You should also be aware that blocking cookies on your computer will not affect your consent choices on a different device, such as a mobile device. Browser Name Instructions Source Google Chrome 
At the top right, click “⋮” icon, and then Settings.
At the bottom, click Advanced.
Under “Privacy and security”, click Site settings and then Cookies.
Turn Allow sites to save and read cookie data on or off.
 https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&amp;hl=en-GB Apple Safari On Mac: 
Safari &gt.
Preferences, click “Privacy”
 On iOS: 
Settings &gt.
Safari, then turn on “Block All Cookies”
 https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265 Mozilla Firefox 
Click the menu button “☰” and select “Preferences”.
Select the “Privacy &amp.
Security” panel and go to the “Cookies and Site Data” section.
 https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/block-websites-storing-cookies-site-data-firefox Microsoft Edge 
More button “⋯” &gt.
Settings.
Select “View Advanced Settings”.
Under “Privacy and Services” &gt.
“Cookies”
 https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4468242/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy-microsoft-privacy Other Options for Disabling Online Tracking Blocking cookies in your web browser may not prevent cross-site tracking of your online activity using other online tracking technologies.
In addition to managing your cookie settings for your browser, you can opt-out of tracking directly with the businesses that operate the tracking technologies.
To Disable Use of Tracking by other businesses for Third Party Personalized Advertising, see the instructions and options provided in privacy.cbs/personalizedads.
To opt-out of certain analytic tracking by our partners visit the links below: Partner URL Google Analytics https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout Adobe Omniture http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html ComScore http://www.comscore.com/About_comScore/Privacy_Policy Nielsen http://www.nielsen-online.com/corp.jsp?section=leg_prs&amp;nav=1#Optoutchoices ConfirmIT http://www.confirmit.com/privacy-policy.aspx Terms of Use

Contact Us Privacy Topics 

Privacy Policy

Cookies &amp.
Other Online Tracking Technologies
CBS Television Stations and FCC Requirements
Children’s Privacy Policy
Information for Visitors from California
Information for Visitors from Australia
Information for Visitors from Canada
Information for Visitors from the European Union (EU)
Information for Visitors using Last.fm
Personalized Advertising
Video Services Policy

Privacy Policies
 CBS Companies Pop TV Showtime Simon &amp.
Schuster Smithsonian Channel ©2019 CBS - All rights reserved.   
 Search CBS Privacy Policy Jump to...

TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
MANAGING YOUR INFORMATION AND PRIVACY CHOICES
SECURITY
INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA VISITORS
INFORMATION FOR NEVADA VISITORS
VISITORS FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
PRIVACY PROTECTION OF CHILDREN
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
QUESTIONS


Last Modified: December 30, 2019

Note: The CBS Privacy Policy has been updated to more clearly explain our practices and add certain new rights for users.
California residents, please see revisions to the notice to “California Visitors”.
Please review the updated privacy policy carefully before using the CBS Services.
By using any of the CBS Services, you acknowledge the terms of the updated Privacy Policy.
Review the previous version of the Privacy Policy.

Welcome to the network of interactive services provided by CBS (referred to as “CBS,” “us,” or “we”) through our various brands, channels, sites, mobile or TV applications or other products and services that operate under the CBS brands (collectively, the “CBS Services”).
Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at CBS.
We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of privacy principles:

Transparency
Choice
Access
Security
Accountability

This Privacy Policy applies to information collected about you by the CBS Services.
Please review this Privacy Policy carefully.
In addition, please review our Terms of Use, which governs your use of the CBS Services.
By using any of the CBS Services, you acknowledge the data collection practices and purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you use CBS Services, we collect a few different types, or “categories,” of information.
This information generally falls within three broad categories: (a) the information you provide to us, (b) the information we collect automatically when you use our services, and (c) information we obtain from other sources.
We describe this information, and the primary purpose for which it is used, below.
The full description of how we use the personal information we collect is also provided below. Information You Provide To Us CBS Services collects information you provide to us, including:



Registration Information.
When you register for certain services, complete any application form, or enter contests or competitions, we sometimes ask you for your name, email address, postal address, demographic information, and any preferences that you may have (e.g., which newsletters you would like to receive).
We use this to provide access to certain CBS Services, personalize them, and remember your preferences.




Billing and Payment Information.
When you place an order with us or access a particular service, we will collect certain payment and identity verification information, including your name, email address, and credit card information.
We use this to bill you for your use of the CBS Services.




Information You Post on the CBS Services.
We collect personal information from you when you provide or post information to our Services, including your user name, comments, likes, interests, status, pictures and references to your online presence.
We make this information available to others, as you request.




Correspondence You Send Us.
When you contact us directly by calling our offices or providing feedback, comments or suggestions on programs and other activities, we may collect the information you provide as part of your correspondence to Us.
We use this to provide services to you and to learn about your interests and concerns.




Information You Provide About Others.
Sometimes, you may provide information about others — for example, to refer a friend to certain CBS Services.
We use this to make the CBS Services available to the people you refer.




Information you Provide Offline.
You might also provide personal information to us in person and offline.
You may be recorded if you visit our offices (including by security surveillance of our premises, including CCTV), or attend a live performance or the taping of one of our programs as a member of a studio audience, or, if you submit sweepstakes entrance forms or an application to participate in one of our programs by mail or in person.
We use this information to provide services to you, protect our security, and learn about your preferences.


 Information Collected Automatically Through Cookies and Other Online Tracking Technologies
We and our service providers operating on our behalf, other businesses who collect information on our pages, may automatically collect or receive certain information associated with you and/or your device(s) as part of your use of the CBS Services through device-based tracking technologies such as cookies, pixels, tags, beacons, scripts or other technology.
For more information about cookies and other tracking technologies visit privacy.cbs/cookies.
The information we collect automatically includes geolocation data, such as (a) information that identifies the precise location of your mobile device (when you agree to allow an app to collect this) and (b) your IP address, which may be used to estimate your approximate location.
We use this information to ensure that the CBS Services work properly, and to deliver customized content and advertising, including personalized ads, to you. Information We Obtain From Other Sources
The CBS Services collect information about you from other sources, such as publicly available databases and other third parties that have the right to share your personal information.
The categories of information we get from these other sources include:


Contact information, such as name, email address, postal address, and telephone number, used to contact you;


Demographic data, such as age, gender, and income level, used to customize content and advertising, and learn about our audiences;


Activity and usage information, including information about your interests, purchase behavior, and other navigation data, such as websites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on, used to customize content and advertising;


Publicly-observed data, such as activities on blogs, videos, and other online postings used to customize content and advertising;


Employment-related data, including information from a recruitment agency if you are applying for a job with us used to help us match applicants to open positions;


Account and profile data from third-party sources.
If you access third party social networking services (e.g., Facebook, Twitter) through a CBS Service, or if you access a CBS Service through one of these services, we may receive your username and password for those services and other information available about you or collected from you on those services, used to customize content and advertising and learn about our audiences and the popularity of our content, as described further in our Video Services and Social Networking Policy available at privacy.cbs/videoservices;


We collect information about you through interactive applications (e.g., mobile devices, third party social networking services, and embedded audio and video players), from co-branded partners and websites (e.g., on our Facebook pages), from our advertisers, and from commercially available sources (e.g., data aggregators and public databases).
This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of third parties, including those that may disclose information to us.

 HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT We use the information we collect for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to:


Make the CBS Services available to you, verify your identity when you log in, and remember your account settings.


Bill you for subscription or other services for which there is a charge, and verify your identity or payment information for your security and protection.


Respond to questions or concerns about your subscription or the CBS Services, and send you alerts and important updates about your account or the CBS Services.


Send you updates and other offers, promotions, or updates for our products and services or the products and services of our advertising partners.


Verify your entry into and eligibility to participate in contests, giveaways, or sweepstakes and inform you if you’ve won.
If your entry information will be used for any other purposes, we will disclose that in the applicable rules governing that contest, giveaway, or sweepstakes.


Provide content recommendations tailored to your tastes.


Monitor and improve the operation, delivery, and general accessibility of the CBS Services.


Maintain the safety and security of the CBS Services and those who use them including by investigating or blocking activities that may violate this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use, or applicable law.


Verify delivery and track performance of an advertising campaign and ensure that an ad is only delivered when a real person is visiting the site and that the same users don’t see the same ads too frequently.


Provide you with personalized advertising on some of the CBS Services based on your online activity.
For more information on how your information on how your information is accessed and used for personalized advertising visit privacy.cbs/personalizedads.

 HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION We sometimes share information collected about you as disclosed at the time of collection, as otherwise disclosed in this privacy policy, and in the following circumstances:



Within the CBS Services and with the CBS family of brands.
Where permitted by law, we may share information we collect about you with the CBS companies so that we can provide you with information about products and services that might interest you.




Banks or Other Organizations In Connection with a Business Transfer.
We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of a CBS Service, a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.




Regulators, Courts, Law Enforcement, and Other Governmental Authorities.
We may disclose information about our users, including contact information, to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process and other law enforcement measures, and to comply with other legal obligations.
There may be circumstances where the law requires us to disclose the information, or where disclosure is required to prevent a risk to health or safety, or for law enforcement purposes.




Authorized Service Providers.
We share your contact information with vendors who help us with specialized services, including customer support, email and text message deployment, analytics, marketing, suppression list management and data processing.
These Service Providers are allowed to use your contact information to help us provide our services and not for any other purpose.




Audience Measurement Services.
We share your information with audience measurement companies like Comscore and Nielsen that help us and other websites measure and understand the audiences that view our content.




Video Viewing Behavior.
Consistent with applicable law, we may share your video viewing behavior with third parties including advertising companies, analytics partners, and social media sites.
For more information see the Video Services and Social Networking Policy at privacy.cbs/videoservices.




Sponsors and Other Partners for Sweepstakes, Contests, or Giveaways.
When you choose to enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the promotions, your information may be disclosed to our sponsors and others who help design, administer and implement the promotion, including in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment and aggregated data analysis.
Your information also may be disclosed as required by law, such as on a winners list.
Further, by entering a promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion, including allowing our sponsors to use your name, voice, and likeness in advertising and marketing associated with the promotion in accordance with applicable law.
All terms applicable to the particular promotion will be made available to you at the time you enter the promotion.




Co-Branded Partners.
Co-Branded Partners are companies with whom a CBS Service jointly offers a service or feature.
You can tell when you are accessing a service or feature offered by a Co-Branded Partner because the Co-Branded Partner’s name will be featured prominently.
You may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered with a Co-Branded Partner.
In doing so, you may be providing your information to both us and the Co-Branded Partner.
Please note that the Co-Branded Partner’s privacy policy may also apply to its use of your information.




Other Persons or Entities.
With appropriate consent when required, certain CBS Services may share your contact information with third party marketing partners, and they may contact you by email, telephone, postal mail or other common communication methods with marketing and promotional messages about their products or services.
Sometimes we will give you the option to receive further communications from one of our advertising partners, for example when we run a competition with that advertiser.
When you provide consent to receive communications from that third party advertiser, your personal information will be managed by that third party’s own privacy policy.


 MANAGING YOUR INFORMATION AND PRIVACY CHOICES You have certain options and rights related to the information we collect and how that information is used.
While we must continue to collect and store certain information that is required to allow you to take advantage of certain features and services offered on CBS Services or to comply with legal, financial or other operational or regulatory requirements, your options for managing your information and privacy choices include:


You can review and update your registration information through your account settings on the applicable CBS Services.


You can opt out of receiving emails or text messages from particular CBS Services or other services or partners by following the instructions contained in any such message or by contacting us directly through your account settings.
Please note that even if you unsubscribe to commercial messages, we may still need to send you communications relating to your use of the CBS Services.


You can deactivate web and mobile push notification by changing the notification settings on your device for mobile and account settings for web.


To better understand your options for managing Personalized Advertising see our page on Personalized Advertising at privacy.cbs/personalizedads and Cookies &amp.
Other Tracking Technologies at privacy.cbs/cookies.


You can always contact us using the contact information provided in this Privacy Policy to update, amend, or delete your information.
If you ask us to shut down your account or delete your information, we will disable your account within a reasonable period of time subject to any agreement between you and us.
Please note that we may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our contractual, legal and security obligations.
Some of your information may also remain in back-up storage for a period of time even if you ask us to delete it.
In some cases, you may be entitled under local laws to access, correct, move, or object to the processing of information that we hold relating to you.


 SECURITY We are committed to protecting your information.
We have adopted commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and alteration.
Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We want you to feel confident using CBS Services but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA VISITORS For additional information for residents of the State of California visit ca.privacy.cbs. INFORMATION FOR NEVADA VISITORS Nevada law requires website operators to provide a way for Nevada consumers to opt out of the sale of certain information that the website operator may collect about them.
This information is limited to direct identifiers, such as your name, postal address, and email address.
When Nevada consumers opt out of the sale of their information, website operators must ensure that the information is not sold to another business that will further license or sell the information to others.
If you are a Nevada resident and you would like to opt out of any possible sale of this information, please contact us at privacy@cbs.com.
For all requests, you must put the statement “Your Nevada Privacy Rights” in the subject field of your request.
You must also include your full name, street address, city, state, and zip code.
We will not accept requests via telephone, postal mail, or facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information. VISITORS FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES For additional information about our privacy practices and additional rights you may have please click on the appropriate link for your jurisdiction: Australia
privacy.cbs/australia Canada
privacy.cbs/canada The European Union
eu.privacy.cbs INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS We are headquartered in the United States and has affiliate offices and partners in other countries.
Please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the CBS Services may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or another country in accordance with applicable law.
The privacy and data protection laws in the country to which your information is transferred may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence.
Your personal information may be subject to the laws of the country to which it is transferred and may be accessible without notice to you by the courts, law enforcement and national security authorities of that country.
By using and participating in any CBS Services or providing us with your information, you acknowledge the collection, international transfer, storage, and processing of your information. PRIVACY PROTECTION OF CHILDREN Most CBS Services are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13 in the United States or the appropriate age for services directed toward children as defined under applicable laws in other jurisdictions.
Some CBS Services may ask for your full date of birth date to ensure that they are not collecting information from children under 13 in the United States or the appropriate age for services directed toward children as defined under applicable laws in other jurisdictions or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken when information has been collected from children under 18 or under the age of majority in their jurisdiction, if higher than 18.
To read about our privacy policy for children, please see the Children’s Privacy Policy at privacy.cbs/childrensprivacypolicy. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES Please note that some CBS Services may contain links to other websites and services.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those third parties , and we recommend that you review the privacy policies of any third party property you visit.
When you select a link to a third party property from one of the CBS Services (e.g., if you link to PayPal to pay for a product or service offered by a CBS Service), you will be leaving the CBS Service.
Any information that you disclose on the third party website will be governed by that website’s privacy policy. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings.
If we modify our Privacy Policy, we will update the “Last Modified Date” at the top of this Privacy Policy and such changes will be effective upon posting.
If we make any material changes to the way we use personal information we collect, we will notify you in advance by email through the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a prominent notice of the changes on the CBS Services.
We will not use information we have already collected in a different way than we have described here, without your consent. QUESTIONS If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@cbs.com and we will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time.
You may also submit questions or comments using the postal address listed below:
 CBS Interactive Inc.
235 Second Street San Francisco, CA 94105 USA Attn: Legal Department

We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concerns.
Terms of Use

Contact Us Privacy Topics 

Privacy Policy

Cookies &amp.
Other Online Tracking Technologies
CBS Television Stations and FCC Requirements
Children’s Privacy Policy
Information for Visitors from California
Information for Visitors from Australia
Information for Visitors from Canada
Information for Visitors from the European Union (EU)
Information for Visitors using Last.fm
Personalized Advertising
Video Services Policy

Privacy Policies
 CBS Companies Pop TV Showtime Simon &amp.
Schuster Smithsonian Channel ©2019 CBS - All rights reserved.   Terms of Use 
Updated on: Tuesday 2 June 2015 

Like most large-scale websites, we have some rules which you need to stick to when you use Last.fm.
These rules aren’t just the “blahblahblah-yawn-small print” – these are the legal terms of use and so we recommend you read them carefully so you know what you’ve agreed to.
As with all websites, Last.fm, its services and software will change over time, both in terms of the content displayed and the functionality offered.
We reserve the right to make those changes, and to change these terms in line with them.
Software made available for download by Last.fm remains the property of Last.fm, and we reserve the right to update and change that too.
Please don’t reproduce any part of the website or content without our permission.
A lot of information and content on Last.fm is provided by third parties – both users and other third parties – and the accuracy and reliability of that information is entirely the responsibility of those parties.
Likewise, you may sometimes find links on Last.fm to other websites.
Last.fm cannot be held responsible for the content of those sites.
Links, like everything else added by members of the Last.fm community, are entirely the responsibility of the individuals who have added them.
By using Last.fm, you also agree to our Privacy Policy - please read our Privacy Policy.
If you’ve found content on the website that you own and that you believe is being used without your permission then please read Section 10 of these Terms of Use for a detailed description of what to do about it.
We take infringement claims very seriously, so provide all the information set out in Section 10 and we will act swiftly to deal with any claims.
We have a detailed Acceptable Use policy, but much like the Community Guidelines they boil down into a few fairly simple concepts: play nicely, respect other members of the community and use common sense.
If we believe someone isn’t playing fairly and within the spirit of the guidelines then we’re entitled to ban that user at our sole discretion.
We don’t like doing it, but sometimes it’s the most appropriate response.
If you enter a competition or use software alongside Last.fm then make sure you read any accompanying Terms and Conditions carefully too, because they may have conditions in addition to this document.
When you use Last.fm and all of its software and services, you accept it “as is”.
Like human beings, we have the odd fault or two and we’re constantly updating and improving every aspect of Last.fm, ironing out new-found bugs and making subtle changes to things like our recommendation algorithms.
As a result, Last.fm should never be considered a “finished product”, and by using Last.fm you accept it – warts and all.
Last.fm is based in London – we quite like it here – and this document is to be interpreted in line with the laws governing England and Wales.
 IMPORTANT PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THESE TERMS OF USE ("Terms of Use") BEFORE USING THE WEBSITE OR ANY OF THE OTHER PROPERTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW), AS THEY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS.
Last.fm Limited ("Last.fm" or "we" "our" or "us") owns or controls, and provides access to the Last.fm website, at the url www.last.fm and related properties (the "Website"), the Last.fm client software, the Last.fm widget, the Last.fm API and all proprietary services, software, data and materials accessed via the Website (the “Services”).
The Website and the Services are referred to together in these Terms of Use as the “Properties”.
THESE TERMS OF USE GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE PROPERTIES.

These Terms of Use apply to the Properties and not to any other website or any offline activities of Last.fm (unless specifically stated).
By accessing or using the Properties, registering for or receiving Services offered on the Website, or by accepting, uploading, submitting or downloading any information or content from or to the Website, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THESE TERMS OF USE, DO NOT USE THE PROPERTIES.
 Contents 
Changes to the Website and the Terms of Use
Description of Website Services
Intellectual Property Ownership.
Licence
Links To Other Websites
Our Linking and Widget Policy
Acceptable Use
User Accounts, Additional Terms &amp.
End User Licence Agreements
Competitions
Software
Copyrights &amp.
Copyright Agents
Third Party Content and Information
Information You Submit
Disclaimer of Warranties
Disclaimers/Limitation of Liability
Indemnity
Governing Law
Miscellaneous
Termination
Privacy
 1.
Changes to the Properties and the Terms of Use We reserve the right to add, delete, change or modify parts of these Terms of Use at our sole discretion and at any time without notice to you.
If we do this, we will post the changes to the Terms of Use on this page and will indicate the effective date of the Terms of Use at the top of the page.
It is important for you to refer to these Terms of Use from time to time to make sure that you are aware of any additions, revisions, or modifications that we may have made to these Terms of Use.
Your continued use of the Website constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Use. 2.
Description of Website and the Services Access to the Website currently provides users with access to the Services and a rich collection of online resources, including online forums, personalised content, interactive advertising messages, proprietary software (including updates, patches and new versions), audio, videos and other community and entertainment products.
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features which may be added to the Website or the Services, including without limitation, the release of new Last.fm services and software, are subject to these Terms of Use.
In some instances, these Terms of Use and a separate end user licence or similar agreement may apply to a service or product offered by Last.fm via the Properties.
We may add, change, remove, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Website and/or the Services at any time without notice.
We may also impose limits on certain features and/or restrict access to parts of or all of the Properties without notice or liability to you or any third party.
In order to use the Website, you must obtain access to the Internet, either directly or through devices that access web-based content, and pay any service fees associated with such access.
In addition, you must provide all equipment necessary to make such connection to the Internet, including a computer and modem or other access device.
You acknowledge that the Services include certain elements which allow Last.fm proprietary software to be downloaded to your computer which interacts with other computer programs (including iTunes), the Last.fm computer servers and your iPod or other permitted devices. 3.
Intellectual Property Ownership.
Licence The past, present and future content of the Properties, including, without limitation, software graphics, text, images, audio, videos, designs, compilations, databases, targeting information, advertising copy, and the trademarks, logos, domain names, trade names, service marks and trade identities.
any and all copyright material (including source and object code).
and all other materials related to the Properties, including without limitation, the "look and feel" of the Website (collectively, "Content") are protected by applicable copyrights, trademark rights, database rights and other proprietary (including, but not limited to, intellectual property) rights and are the property of Last.fm, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, or its licensors.
Last.fm is licensed under U.S.
Patent Nos.
7,346,472.
7,660,700.
7,949,494.
and 8,214,175.
Except as expressly set forth in these Terms of Use or otherwise expressly granted to you in writing by Last.fm, no rights (either by implication, estoppel or otherwise) in or to the Content are granted to you.

The copying, reproduction, re-arrangement, sale, leasing, renting, lending, distribution, redistribution, modification or adaptation, downloading, sideloading, exchanging, creating of derivative works, uploading, posting, transmitting, communication to the public or publication by you, directly or indirectly, of the Content, including the removal or alteration of advertising, except pursuant to the express limited grant of rights hereunder, is strictly prohibited.
You agree to abide by any and all additional notices, information or restrictions in respect of the Properties contained in any part of the Website.
Exploiting any part of the Properties for a purpose that is not permitted by these Terms of Use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from Last.fm or the applicable intellectual property rights holder as identified on the Website.
Subject to your strict compliance with these Terms of Use, Last.fm grants you a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-commercial, revocable, non-assignable and non-transferable licence to:

download and use the Last.fm client-based software in accordance with its pre-defined functionality only;
listen to music and view videos streamed from the Website and participate in the Last.fm community areas;
submit or upload music, video and other content to the Website strictly as permitted in accordance with these Terms of Use and any other terms posted on the Website;
embed the Last.fm widget on your personal website or profile pages for non-commercial and private use only.
and
communicate with other members of the Last.fm community;

Provided that you:

retain and do not alter or tamper with any trademark, copyright and other proprietary or legal notices contained in the original Content or any permitted copy you may make of the Content;
do not, and do not allow or aid or abet any third party (whether or not for your benefit) to, copy or adapt the object code of the Website or Services (including, without limitation, software, HTML, JavaScript, or other code).
to reverse engineer, decompile, reverse assemble, modify or attempt to discover any source or object code, circumvent or attempt to circumvent or copy any copy protection mechanism or access any rights management information;
do not insert any code, product or material to manipulate the Content in any way that affects any user's experience;
do not copy or seek to copy or “rip” any audio and/or audiovisual content from the Website or any part of the Service (including, without limitation, the Last.fm widget);
do not embed or otherwise exploit the Last.fm widget for commercial gain (which includes, for example and without limitation, selling advertising on your site or otherwise monetising any element of your site which contains the Last.fm widget).
and
do not adapt, copy, republish, communicate to the public, display, transfer, share, distribute or otherwise exploit the Content, except as under these Terms of Use.

Last.fm alone shall be responsible for determining, in its discretion, whether any use of the Last.fm widget constitutes commercial use in each case. 4.
Links to Other Websites The Website may contain hyperlinks to other websites ("Other Sites").
If you use the hyperlinks to access these Other Sites, you will leave the Website and your browser will be re-directed to the Other Sites.
The Other Sites may have their own terms of use and privacy policy and those Other Sites may have different practices and requirements than the Website.
Last.fm may not have knowledge of, and is not responsible for, the content, information, services, products or advertisements presented by any Other Site which you use at your own risk.
Last.fm does not warrant or make any representation regarding the legality, accuracy, quality or authenticity of content, information, services or products presented by Other Sites.
The hyperlinks to Other Sites do not constitute an endorsement by Last.fm of any Other Site(s) or resources, or their content, information, services or products.
The Website is only providing these links to you as a convenience.
The terms of use and privacy policy of any Other Sites shall apply to your access and use of them.
Last.fm accepts no responsibility for the content or conduct of Other Sites. 5.
Our Linking and Widget Policy Any web site that links to the Website or on which you include the widget: (a) must not frame, surround, obfuscate or create a browser or border environment around any of the Content of the Website.
(b) may link to, but not replicate, the Content.
(c) must not imply that Last.fm or the Website or any artist or performer are endorsing or sponsoring it or its products, unless Last.fm has given its prior written consent.
(d) must not present false information about Last.fm or its products or services.
(e) must not use any Last.fm Services or trademarks except as expressly permitted in these Terms of Use or without the prior written permission from Last.fm.
(f) must not contain content that is illegal, obscene or defamatory, or that could be construed as distasteful, offensive or controversial.
and (g) must not support, endorse or encourage piracy or the unauthorised exploitation of intellectual property rights.
By linking to the Website, you agree that you do and will continue to comply with the above linking requirements.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Terms of Use, we reserve the right to deny permission to link to the Website for any reason in our sole and absolute discretion.
We provide the Last.fm widget to enable our users to share Last.fm with their friends.
It is not provided for commercial use, distribution or exploitation.
If you are the operator of a commercial website and would like to include the Last.fm widget in your website, or if you would like to use the widget for commercial purposes, please contact us by emailing partners@last.fm.
Last.fm reserves the right to remove links or block the Last.fm widget at any time and for any reason in its absolute discretion. 6.
Acceptable Use You will not use the Properties to:

 Upload, post, e-mail, transmit, display, copy, distribute, promote, or otherwise communicate to the public: 
any material that is false, unlawful, threatening, tortious, disparaging (including disparaging of Last.fm, its parent, subsidiaries or affiliates), anything that adversely affects Last.fm such as discouraging any person or entity from advertising with, linking to or supplying Last.fm, abusive, libellous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, offensive, pornographic, profane, racist, sexually explicit, ethnically or culturally offensive, indecent, or that promotes violence, racial hatred, terrorism, or illegal acts, or is otherwise objectionable in Last.fm's sole discretion;
information, software, content or other material that violates, plagiarises, misappropriates or infringes the rights of third parties including, without limitation, copyright (including, offering pirated computer programs or links to such programs, information used to circumvent manufacturer-installed copy-protect devices, including serial registration numbers for software programs, rights management information or any type of cracker utilities), trademark, patent, trade secret, rights of privacy or publicity, confidential information or any other proprietary right;
material of any kind that contains a virus, Trojan horse, time bombs, worms, spyware, adware, malware, bots, any automated use of the system, such as scripts, or other harmful component or restricts or inhibits any other user's uninhibited use and enjoyment of the Properties, interferes with, overburdens, impairs or disrupts the Properties or servers or networks connected to the Properties, or disobeys any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Properties;
information or material of any kind that is false or misleading or that constitutes or contains false or misleading indications of origin or statements of fact, including, without limitation, by forging any TCP/IP packet header, any part of the header information in any transmission to the Website, or otherwise manipulating identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted to or from the Website.
or
any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, requests for money, petitions for signature, or any other form of solicitation.


Encourage, promote, solicit or commit conduct that would constitute a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law or otherwise make available any material that exploits or harms any individual, corporation or other entity.
Impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
Disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to scroll faster than other users of the Website are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges on the Website;
Stalk, abuse, sexually exploit, violently exploit, groom, act violently toward, threaten or otherwise harass another user;
Use or attempt to use another's information, account, password, service or system except as expressly permitted;
Solicit or collect personal data including telephone numbers, addresses, last names, email addresses, or any other kind of information about users, including without limitation, through such means as spidering, “screen scraping,” “database scraping,” harvesting of e-mail addresses, wireless addresses or other contact or personal information, or any other automatic means of accessing, logging-in or registering on the Website or for any services or features offered on or through the Website.
and
Undertake any commercial purpose or activity without the prior written consent of Last.fm, including, for example and without limitation, inserting your own or a third party’s advertising, branding or promotional content into any of the Website’s or Properties’ content, materials or services (for example, without limitation, in an RSS feed or a podcast received from Last.fm or otherwise available through the Properties).

You represent, warrant and agree that you will comply with the above acceptable use requirements.
Last.fm reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate any user’s account or take such other action as Last.fm sees fit in relation to any user who breaches Last.fm’s acceptable use policy or any of the other terms set forth herein.
In extreme cases or as required by law or regulation, Last.fm reserves the right to take court action and/or report users to the relevant authorities.
Last.fm believes in building a caring community based around sharing music and will not tolerate antisocial or unlawful behaviour on the Website or in connection with any of the other Properties. 7.
User Accounts, Additional Terms, End User License Agreements &amp.
Subscriptions Registration may be required for the use of certain Services and portions of the Website (e.g., e-mail, newsletters, competitions, forums, content downloads, promotions etc.).
In some instances, these Terms of Use and separate end user licence agreements or terms of use that set forth additional conditions may apply to Services or products offered via the Website.
To the extent there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the terms of any applicable end user licence or similar agreement, the end user licence or similar agreement will prevail, unless the additional conditions expressly state that these Terms of Use will prevail.
In cases where there are no additional terms or conditions stated for any such registrations, services or products, these Terms of Use will prevail.
If you choose to provide information to the Website, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current and complete information.
If you create a user account, you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password, if any, and agree you will not sell, transfer or assign your user account.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, if any, and for restricting access to your computer so that others may not access any password-protected portion of the Website or other Properties using your name, user name or password in whole or in part.
You may be able to purchase a subscription for certain additional features of the Website and Services.
You may only order subscriptions if you are considered capable of entering into an enforceable contract in the applicable jurisdiction.
You agree to pay in full the prices for any purchases you make either by credit/debit card concurrent with your online order or by other payment means acceptable to Last.fm.
You agree to pay all applicable taxes.
If payment is not received by us from your credit or debit card issuer or its agents, you agree to pay all amounts due upon demand by us. 8.
Competitions Last.fm may decide to run competitions, promotions, prize draws and other opportunities on the Website and these will be governed by a separate set of terms and conditions.
A link to these terms and conditions will be found on the Website, alongside details of the specific competition, promotion, prize draw and other opportunities.
It is your responsibility to read those terms and conditions for details about the terms that shall apply and any eligibility requirements. 9.
Software Any software that we make available for download or use from the Website and/or our servers (the "Software") is the intellectual property of Last.fm or its licensors or suppliers.
Any such “Software” shall be considered a “Service” or one of the “Properties” as such terms are defined and used herein.
Your use of the Software may be governed by the terms of an end user licence agreement that may accompany or that may be included with the Software (the "Licence Agreement").
Please carefully read any Licence Agreement and Paragraph 7 above to determine the full extent of the terms and conditions governing the use of such Software.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO ANY OTHER SERVER OR LOCATION FOR FURTHER USE, REPRODUCTION, REDISTRIBUTION OR OTHER EXPLOITATION IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED, UNLESS SUCH USE, REPRODUCTION, REDISTRIBUTION OR EXPLOITATION IS EXPRESSLY PERMITTED BY THE LICENCE AGREEMENT APPLICABLE TO SUCH SOFTWARE. 10.
Copyrights and Copyright Agents At Last.fm, we aim to respect the intellectual property rights of others.
If you believe that your work (or the work of a third party on whose behalf you are entitled to act) has been copied, used, or made available on or through the Last.fm Website in a way that constitutes copyright infringement of your intellectual property, please provide our copyright agent with a copyright infringement notice (“Notice”) which should include the following written information:

a statement that you have identified material on the Website which infringes your copyright (or infringes the copyright of a third party on whose behalf you are entitled to act, if applicable);
identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single Notice, a representative list of such works at that site;
identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Last.fm to locate the material (including, for example, a URL and/or screen shot);
your full name, email address, postal address and telephone number on which you can be contacted;
a statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorised by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement by you that the information in the Notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
and
a physical or electronic signature (which may be a scanned copy) of a person authorized to act on behalf of owner of the work that is allegedly infringed.

Last.fm's agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on or regarding the Website can be reached as follows:

By mail:

 Copyright Agent, Legal Department  Last.fm Limited  The Warehouse, The Bower  207-211 Old Street  London, EC1V 9NR  United Kingdom  Phone: +44 207 021 1000 

By email:
infringementcomplaint@last.fm

If you are unsure about your rights in respect of material, or whether there has been an infringement of your rights, we suggest you take legal advice before sending a Notice to Last.fm.
Please note that any video content made available on or through the Website which contains or displays the YouTube logo or which is provided via the YouTube player is provided to you by YouTube and from YouTube’s servers, and Last.fm thus does not have the ability to permanently remove all or any such content from YouTube’s servers.
Therefore, if you have a complaint concerning any video content made available on the Website that is provided by YouTube, you should contact YouTube directly in accordance with copyright policies at: http://www.youtube.com/t/terms.
If you believe that your work is available on the Website via the YouTube player in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please: (i) contact YouTube directly in accordance with copyright policies at: http://www.youtube.com/t/terms and (i) contact Last.fm by sending us a notice in accordance with the provisions of this Section 10. 11.
Third Party Content and Information The Properties contain Content and information that is provided for your convenience and enjoyment.
Third parties provide some of the Content and information.
You should be aware that the Content might contain errors, omissions, inaccuracies, outdated information and inadequacies and that the Content may be subject to terms and conditions, which may be found on the Website or in the documents and policies of third parties.
Last.fm makes no representations or warranties as to the completeness, accuracy, adequacy, currency or reliability of any Content and will not be liable for any lack of the foregoing.
In addition, third party advertisers or commercial partners may offer goods, services and other materials to you on the Website.
Your correspondence and business dealings with others found on or through the Website including, without limitation, the payment and delivery of products and services, the delivery of videos or other content, and any terms, conditions, warranties and representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and the relevant third party.
Last.fm will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or the offering of such products, services, and other Content on the Website.
Under certain circumstances, we may permit third party users to upload content, in which event you, at your own risk, may be exposed to offensive, indecent or objectionable content.
Descriptions of, or references to, products, services or publications within the Website do not imply endorsement of that product, service or publication. 12.
Information You Submit From time to time, the Properties may contain functionality through which you can upload or submit information, data, software, messages, photographs, audio, video, text and other materials to, through or on the Website ("Your Upload Information").
For example, the Website may offer forums, bulletin boards, wikis, chat rooms, blogs or other interactive areas ("User Forums").
Last.fm, its parent, subsidiaries or affiliates or the directors, officers, employees, or other representatives of each of them do not endorse the content posted in User Forums.
Last.fm reserves the right, but is not obligated, to delete, move or edit Your Upload Information, in whole or in part, submitted by you to a User Forum for any reason in their sole discretion.
Last.fm reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Website and pursue all legal remedies if we believe your Upload Information infringes another's rights or otherwise violates any law, rule or regulation.
You acknowledge and agree that you are prohibited from accepting payment for Your Upload Information from any third party, including, without limitation, accepting payment for the inclusion of a logo, brand advertising or other commercial content, in Your Upload Information.
All of Your Upload Information is your sole responsibility.
This means that you, and not Last.fm, are entirely responsible for all of Your Upload Information that you upload, post, e-mail, transmit or otherwise make available via the Website.
Last.fm actively discourages you from uploading information or content (including photographs) about your friends or other people without their express prior consent.
If you post personal information in User Forums or on other publicly available areas of the Website, then you may receive unsolicited messages from third parties.
Last.fm cannot ensure the security of any information you post in User Forums or on publicly available areas of the Website.
Under no circumstances will Last.fm be liable in any way for any of Your Upload Information including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in Your Upload Information, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of Your Upload Information.
You warrant and represent that Your Upload Information: (i) is an original work by you or you have all necessary rights, licenses and permissions in it and to submit it to Last.fm under the terms of these Terms of Use.
(ii) is not defamatory.
and (iii) does not infringe upon, misappropriate or violate the rights of any third parties, including, without limitation, any intellectual property rights, rights of publicity or privacy or any other proprietary rights or otherwise violate any law, rule, or regulation.
Except as otherwise described in our Privacy Policy or other agreement on the Website at which you provide Your Upload Information, Your Upload Information will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and we will not be liable for any use or disclosure to anyone, including but not limited to claimed intellectual property owners.
When you upload Your Upload Information via the Website, you irrevocably grant to Last.fm, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, and partners, without any credit or compensation to you, a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, unrestricted, irrevocable, royalty-free and fully transferable, assignable and sub-licensable right and licence to use, reuse, modify, adapt, alter, display, archive, publish, sub-license, perform, copy, reproduce, disclose, transmit, communicate to the public, post, sell, translate, create derivative works of, distribute, make and export Your Upload Information (in whole or in part), or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, software or technology of any kind now known or developed in the future, for any purposes whatsoever including, without limitation, for advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional purposes, such as developing, manufacturing and marketing products and targeted advertisements using such Uploaded Information.
You hereby waive any moral rights (or any similar rights in any jurisdiction) you may have in and to any of Your Upload Information, even if such material is altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you.
You agree and understand that Last.fm, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, and partners are not obligated to use Your Upload Information submitted through the Website or otherwise, and may alternatively choose, in its sole discretion, to discard, refuse to post, limit or block access to Your Uploaded Information without any liability whatsoever.
You acknowledge that the Web Site, through Last.fm, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, and partners undertakes no obligation to pre-screen Your Upload Information, but that it has the right, in its sole discretion to monitor, modify, transmit over various networks, refuse, move, block access to or remove any of Your Upload Information.
You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any of Your Upload Information including, but not limited to, any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of Your Upload Information.
Since Last.fm, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, and partners may not pre-screen user generated content, you may bear legal responsibility for others' exposure to any offensive indecent or objectionable content in Your Upload Information. 13.
Disclaimer of Warranties THE PROPERTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL CONTENT, SOFTWARE, AND FUNCTIONS MADE AVAILABLE ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH OR SENT FROM THE WEBSITE, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," "AS AVAILABLE, " AND "WITH ALL FAULTS." TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, LAST.FM AND ITS PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTIES OR ENDORSEMENTS OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED) ABOUT: (A) THE PROPERTIES.
(B) THE CONTENT AND SOFTWARE ON AND PROVIDED THROUGH THE PROPERTIES.
(C) THE FUNCTIONS MADE ACCESSIBLE ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE PROPERTIES.
(D) THE MESSAGES, CONTENT AND INFORMATION SENT FROM OR THROUGH THE PROPERTIES BY USERS.
(E) ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED VIA THE WEBSITE OR HYPERTEXT LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES.
AND/OR (F) THE TREATMENT OF ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIAL OR DATA TRANSMITTED BY USERS TO THE PROPERTIES.
(G) SECURITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE TRANSMISSION OF SENSITIVE INFORMATION THROUGH THE PROPERTIES OR ANY LINKED SITE.
LAST.FM DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE PROPERTIES, ANY OF THE PROPERTIES' FUNCTIONS OR ANY CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED.
OR THAT THE PROPERTIES OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE THEM AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
LAST.FM DOES NOT WARRANT THAT YOUR ACTIVITIES IN CONNECTION WITH OR USE OF THE PROPERTIES IS LAWFUL IN ANY PARTICULAR JURISDICTION AND, IN ANY EVENT, LAST.FM SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS SUCH WARRANTIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY USING ANY OF THE FEATURES OF THE PROPERTIES, YOU ACT AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOUR ACCESS AND ACTIVITIES ARE LAWFUL IN EVERY JURISDICTION WHERE YOU ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE, THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT.
FURTHER, LAST.FM AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES DISCLAIM, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND TITLE.
LAST.FM, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES OR THE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES OF EACH OF THEM SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY EVENT FOR THE USE OF THE WEBSITE OR OTHER PROPERTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE CONTENT AND ANY ERRORS CONTAINED THEREIN.
WHERE ANY JURISDICTIONS LIMIT OR DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED OR OTHER WARRANTIES AS SET OUT ABOVE, THE DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT THE LAW OF SUCH JURISDICTION IS APPLICABLE TO THIS AGREEMENT.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE PROPERTIES IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. 14.
Disclaimers/Limitation of Liability WITHOUT LIMITATION OF ANYTHING ELSE SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS OF USE, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT LAST.FM FURTHER LIMITS ITS LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE PROPERTIES AS SET FORTH BELOW:
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL LAST.FM, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES, OR AFFILIATES OR THE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES OF EACH OF THEM (COLLECTIVELY, THE "LAST.FM ENTITIES AND INDIVIDUALS") BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, ECONOMIC, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT ARE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY RELATED TO (1) THE PROPERTIES, THE CONTENT, OR YOUR UPLOAD INFORMATION.
(2) THE USE OF, INABILITY TO USE, OR PERFORMANCE OF THE PROPERTIES OR ANY OF THE CONTENT OR FEATURES THEREON.
(3) ANY ACTION TAKEN IN CONNECTION WITH AN INVESTIGATION BY LAST.FM OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES REGARDING YOUR USE OF THE PROPERTIES OR CONTENT.
(4) ANY ACTION TAKEN IN CONNECTION WITH COPYRIGHT OWNERS.
(5) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE PROPERTIES’ TECHNICAL OPERATION, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE OR EVEN IF THE LAST.FM ENTITIES AND INDIVIDUALS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WHETHER CAUSED IN WHOLE OR IN PART BY NEGLIGENCE, ACTS OF GOD, TELECOMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, OR THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OF THE PROPERTIES).
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF USE LIMITS OR EXCLUDES LAST.FM’S LIABILITY FOR: (A) DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY ITS PROVEN NEGLIGENCE.
(B) THE TORT OF DECEIT.
OR (C) ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE LIMITED OR EXCLUDED BY LAW.
IF ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE ARE DETERMINED TO BE ILLEGAL, INVALID OR OTHERWISE UNENFORCEABLE BY REASON OF THE LAWS OF ANY STATE OR COUNTRY IN WHICH THESE TERMS OF USE ARE INTENDED TO BE EFFECTIVE, THEN TO THE EXTENT AND WITHIN THE JURISDICTION IN WHICH THAT TERM IS ILLEGAL, INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE, IT SHALL BE SEVERED AND DELETED FROM THESE TERMS OF USE AND THE REMAINING TERMS SHALL SURVIVE AND CONTINUE TO BE BINDING AND ENFORCEABLE.
THE LAST.FM ENTITIES AND INDIVIDUALS ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO ANY USER'S COMPUTER, HARDWARE, COMPUTER SOFTWARE, OR OTHER EQUIPMENT OR TECHNOLOGY INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGE FROM ANY SECURITY BREACH OR FROM ANY VIRUS, BUGS, TAMPERING, FRAUD, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER LINE OR NETWORK FAILURE OR ANY OTHER TECHNICAL OR OTHER MALFUNCTION.
YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS THE PROPERTIES IS AT YOUR RISK.
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE PROPERTIES OR ANY OF THE CONTENT, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE ACCESSING AND USING THE PROPERTIES OR THE CONTENT.
YOU RECOGNISE AND CONFIRM THAT IN THE EVENT YOU INCUR ANY DAMAGES, LOSSES OR INJURIES THAT ARISE OUT OF LAST.FM'S ACTS OR OMISSIONS, THE DAMAGES, IF ANY, CAUSED TO YOU ARE NOT IRREPARABLE OR SUFFICIENT TO ENTITLE YOU TO AN INJUNCTION PREVENTING ANY EXPLOITATION OF ANY WEB SITE, PROPERTY, PRODUCT, PROGRAM, TELEVISION SHOW, MOTION PICTURE OR OTHER AUDIO/VISUAL CONTENT OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY LAST.FM AND/OR ITS PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AND/OR AFFILIATES OR YOUR UPLOAD INFORMATION, AND YOU WILL HAVE NO RIGHTS TO ENJOIN OR RESTRAIN THE DEVELOPMENT, PRODUCTION, DISTRIBUTION, ADVERTISING, EXHIBITION OR EXPLOITATION OF ANY LAST.FM WEB SITE, SERVICES, PROPERTIES, PRODUCT, PROGRAM, MUSIC, TELEVISION SHOW, MOTION PICTURE OR OTHER AUDIO/VISUAL CONTENT OR YOUR UPLOAD INFORMATION OR ANY AND ALL ACTIVITIES OR ACTIONS RELATED THERETO. 15.
Indemnity You agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and keep Last.fm, its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective owners, officers, managers, members, agents and employees, fully and effectively indemnified with respect to any and all costs, claims, demands, investigations, liabilities, losses, damages, judgments, settlements, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees arising out of or in connection with this Terms of Use, including, without limitation: (a) your use of the Properties.
(b) your violation of these Terms of Use or any law, rule or regulation.
(c) your use of the Content.
or (d) your placement or transmission of any of Your Upload Information or any other content or materials on or through the Properties.
You will cooperate as fully and reasonably as required by Last.fm in the defence of any claim.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Last.fm retains the exclusive right to settle, compromise and pay any and all claims, demands, proceedings, suits, actions or causes of actions which are brought against Last.fm herein under the terms and provisions of this Section 15 and in no event shall you settle any such claim without Last.fm's prior written approval. 16.
Governing Law These Terms of Use and the interpretation of these Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England. 17.
Miscellaneous Any other rules, restrictions, guidelines and terms and conditions that may be posted or made available in connection with a particular feature on the Website or Service are incorporated by this reference into these Terms of Use for all purposes.
You are solely responsible for compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations in connection with your use of the Properties and the Content, including, without limitation, those governing your transmission or use of any software or data.
These Terms of Use and any applicable end user licence or similar agreements contain the sole and entire agreement between the parties with respect to the Properties, the Content and Your Upload Information and supersedes any and all other prior written or oral agreements between them.
The section titles in these Terms of Use are for your convenience only and do not have any legal or contractual effect.
You agree that these Terms of Use will not be construed against Last.fm by virtue of having drafted these Terms of Use.
If any provision of these Terms of Use shall be held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction or as a result of future legislative action, such holding or action shall be strictly construed and shall not affect the validity or effect of any other provision of these Terms of Use.
No waiver on the part of Last.fm of any of these Terms of Use will be of any force or effect unless made in writing and signed by a duly authorized officer of Last.fm.
Nothing in these Terms of Use are intended to confer on any third party (whether referred to in the Terms of Use by name, class, description or otherwise) any benefit or any right under any legislation in any country to enforce any provisions of these Terms of Use. 18.
Termination You understand and agree that Last.fm will determine your compliance with these Terms of Use in its sole discretion.
Last.fm reserves the right to restrict, suspend, deny or terminate access to all or part of the Website or any Service and to deny access to any person in its sole discretion without notice or liability of any kind.
Last.fm maintains a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of the Website use privileges of users who are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights.
Any violation of these Terms of Use may be referred to law enforcement authorities.
Upon termination of your user account or access to the Web Site, or upon demand by Last.fm, you must destroy all materials obtained from the Properties and all related documentation. 19.
Privacy Registration data and certain other information about you are subject to our Privacy Policy.
Please read the Privacy Policy for information on how your personal data and other information about you will be handled.
By accepting these Terms of Use you are also accepting the terms of the Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference for all purposes.   Last.fmSearchSearchSearchToggle navigation
Live
Music
Events
Features
 Subscribe 
 Join 
 Login 


Live
Music
Events
Features
More…
Live
Music
Events
Features


Join
Login

 A new version of Last.fm is available, to keep everything running smoothly, please reload the site.
 Privacy Policy 
Updated on: Tuesday 15 January 2013 

We have a pretty simple privacy policy.
We are reasonably sure this won’t annoy anyone.
The entry of personal data on this site is completely optional and will require you to setup an account with a password and an email address.
Please choose a password that is not easy for someone else to guess, such as birthday, national identification number and phone number.
If you want to, you can also submit additional personal information (including on your profile and on message boards).
Please remember that any information you submit becomes public information that can be viewed by others.
Certain third parties may have access to your data (which may include personal information, but not your email contact information) via our API and webservices or arrangements with our business partners.
These people may use this information for their own purposes, which may be either commercial or non-commercial in nature and may include targeted advertising or direct marketing.
These third parties may be based in the U.K.
or elsewhere in the world.
We may use the email address provided by you to contact you from time to time about the Last.fm service.
We won’t pass your email address on to anyone to contact you directly about their own products or services, not even Lars Ulrich at gunpoint (unless you have provided your prior consent to do so).
Our policy is to provide a clear and easy way for you to opt out of receiving specific types of emails.
Your pseudonymous listening habit data will be available to other Last.fm users for non-commercial use and to third parties via our API for their own commercial and/or non-commercial purposes.
This statistical information is used to help third parties understand the likes and dislikes of music fans on Last.fm.
We may display links to third party sites which allow you to provide personal information to them directly.
We advise you to check their terms of use and privacy policies of these sites to find out how they are treating your personal information.
We use cookies (which can only be read by us) to collect data that we can use to improve the efficiency and quality of our service to you.
If you want, you can turn these cookies off, but it may mean that the Last.fm service doesn’t function quite as well.
Third party advertisement companies may also collect information (which is generally not personally identifiable) from you via cookies about the websites that you visit and your other activities on the Last.fm service.
We encourage you to read these businesses’ privacy policies if you are concerned about how they will handle your information and your choices concerning their use of your information.
Please read paragraph 12 of this policy for more information about the cookies used on the Last.fm website.
Unless you have disabled the use of cookies on your browser, by using the Last.fm services, you agree to the use of all the cookies listed in paragraph 12.
Children under the age of 13 are not eligible to use our service and must not attempt to register with us and/or submit any personal information to us.
Young people between 13 and 17 should not send any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet (including to us) without asking their parents/legal guardians for permission beforehand.
Last.fm Privacy Policy Last.fm Limited (“Last.fm” or “we” “our” or “us”) owns or controls, and provides access to the Last.fm website, currently located at www.last.fm (the “Website”).
At Last.fm, we are fully committed to respecting your privacy and to protecting any information you provide to us.
We treat both privacy and security as a priority and make every effort to ensure that all the information provided by you is protected.
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) is designed to respect and protect the privacy of all visitors to the Website and is intended to inform you about the way that we treat your personal data.
The Policy explains how Last.fm collects and uses information.
We hope that our candour will remove any concerns you may have and will make visiting the Website a rewarding experience.

If you would like to obtain information about how we may have shared your information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, you may send such requests to us via postal mail at: Data Access Request, Last.fm Limited, The Warehouse, The Bower, 207-211 Old Street, London EC1V 9NR, United Kingdom or contact us via email at: legal@last.fm.

Although we endeavour to keep you up-to-date on all changes made to the Website, this Policy may be amended from time to time without notice to you.
It is your responsibility to read the Policy carefully and review any changes that may have been made. 1.
Personal Information In order to use certain features of the Website, you will need to register.
When registering you will be asked to provide an email address and create a username and password.
You may also choose to create a more detailed profile of yourself on the Website by submitting additional personal information.
Please note that even if you do not provide any additional personal information to the Website (e.g., by adding it to your user profile), if you choose a username that includes or reveals your name or any other personal information, such information may be available to other users of the Website and to the general public. For purposes of this Policy, the terms “personal information” and “personally identifiable information” shall mean all information provided during your initial registration on the Website and during your creation of a user profile, including, for example, your real name, e-mail address, postal address and other location information, your age, your gender and certain other demographic information or information that may enable online or offline contact with you.
If you choose to purchase music or other goods or services by clicking on a third party link provided on the Website (for example, a link to Amazon.com), such third party may collect your personal details (such as your credit card number, address, etc.) for the purpose of completing a transaction.
We may be provided with confirmation of your transactions with such third parties and, in some instances, such confirmation may include your personal information.
Aside from such confirmations, the only information that we will collect with respect to such third party links is: (a) the number of generic Last.fm users who utilised such links.
and (b) the number of purchases made by these generic users.
Where you upload photographs or other content as part of your user profile, you should be aware that Last.fm is entitled to use those photographs and content in accordance with our Terms of Use.
Last.fm discourages users from uploading photographs of friends or other people without their permission. 2.
Record Collection From the moment you register and begin listening to music on Last.fm, our Profile Navigation software will begin to create and maintain your record collection.
This is accomplished by monitoring your activity on the website (i.e.
which songs you listen to, which songs you skip, and the degree of difference or similarity you request when you choose to skip a particular song).
In addition, your record collection will be affected by other actions you take, such as sending a song recommendation to another user or manually selecting certain songs, albums or artists to be included in your record collection.
All of the information that is generated by your activity on the website is fed back into Profile Navigation in order to fine tune your profile so that Last.fm can play more of what you like and less of what you don’t like.
Last.fm also maintains a central database of information collected by the Profile Navigation software (which may include your personal information).
Last.fm makes some of this information available to third parties to undertake development of new products and services via the API.
Last.fm does not process any personally identifiable information related to your record collection and/or profile in any manner other than as described in this Policy.
However, please note that, in addition to the third party access that is identified in this Policy, your record collection (including your skipping history) may be viewed by all other users of Last.fm (who may include other organisations or representatives of other organisations who have registered as Last.fm users) and that they may easily associate this information with your Last.fm username.
Please see the Statistical Information section below to learn more on this subject and to learn how we log and use information related to your record collection and/or profile in the aggregate. 3.
Location-based Information We keep track of the domains from which people visit Last.fm, but we cannot see a user’s zip code, post code, city or country unless the user chooses to explicitly provide this information to us.
If you do choose to include information about your city or country of residence when setting up your user profile, please be aware that such information may be available for viewing by other users of the Website and to the general public. 4.
Browser Information We collect data regarding the users of Last.fm, including: (i) The Internet Protocol (IP) address of the user’s computer.
This may or may not be associated with a particular Internet Service Provider (ISP).
(ii) The referring URL, if any.
(iii) The browser software identification (i.e.
the brand and version of your browser software). 5.
Statistical Information We log certain information concerning the listening, skipping and music-sharing activities of users and other activities whilst they use the Website, and we may match such information with personally identifiable information concerning such users.
For example, it is possible for us to know which records you listen to, which you skip, which you recommend to other users and which you add to your record collection.
However, information related to your listening, skipping and music-sharing activities may be viewed by all other users (who may include other organisations or representatives of other organisations who have registered as Last.fm users) in conjunction with your Last.fm username and by third parties who have access to this information via Last.fm’s API and webservices, as further explained in this Policy.
Please note that we do log and use statistical information in the aggregate.
For example, we know the number of users who skip a particular song.
From this information we are able to compile statistics in the form of percentages of all users (i.e.
29% of our users skipped song XYZ).
We can of course compare the skipping statistics of one song to those of another song.
We are also able to perform more sophisticated statistical operations based on the information collected.
For example, we can determine the raw number (and associated percentages) of users who listen to one particular song that also listen to other particular songs.
From this information, we are able to determine which songs are “neighbours” in terms of overall listener taste and we can see which genres of music tend to be neighbours.
As a service, we may supply certain aggregate statistical information to record labels and artists that allow us to stream their music on Last.fm in order to help them understand the likes and dislikes of music listeners. 6.
Use of Personal Information 
We will use the email address provided by you when you register to contact you from time to time.
This may be for security reasons (so that we can check that you are who you say you are), to ask your opinion about the Website, or it may be to keep you updated on the services currently available on the Website and any changes to those services and those that we intend to launch in the future.
We may also use such personal information to send you notices, on behalf of others and ourselves, regarding products and services that we think may be of interest to you.


Last.fm may also use your personal information and non-personal information to help Last.fm and its commercial partners deliver targeted advertisements, promotions and other similar initiatives to you.


Your username, together with other information concerning your use of the Last.fm Website, as well as any personal information included in your user profile, will be made available via Last.fm’s open application interface (the “API”), which forms part of our ‘AudioScrobbler’ technology.
See section 11 below for further details.


We will not permit any third parties to contact you directly on an unsolicited basis in relation to their own products or services, unless you have provided your express prior consent when signing up on the Website.
You may withdraw your consent by notifying us at legal@last.fm.
 7.
Message Boards / Chat / Communications With Other Users We currently offer message board functionality and in the future we may offer other interactive features, such as instant messaging and chat.
Please note that all personal information you display or communicate using such functionality becomes public information and we are not responsible for any information you choose to make public.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor such traffic via electronic software or otherwise in order to check for obscenity, defamation or abusive language, which we reserve the right to remove at any time.
In addition, if you choose to personally communicate or meet with any other Last.fm user by exchanging postal/email addresses, telephone numbers or otherwise via the interactive functionality of Last.fm, you do so at your own risk.
Last.fm cannot be held responsible for any consequences which flow from your decision to communicate or interact with other Last.fm users in places or under circumstances which we do not control.
We advise you to use extreme caution whenever you post information, socialise or interact with people whom you have met via the internet.
From time to time, you may be able to send to a friend, and a friend or contact may be able to send to you, information about our Website or services (e.g., to provide you with access to a song or message), by clicking on an “E-mail-a-Friend” or similar button on the Website or other third-party websites.
In some of these cases (unless you simply forward an e-mail from Last.fm on your own), you, or your friend, may be able to provide your friend’s, or your, name and e-mail address to us.
Such information will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law.
If Last.fm receives your email address in this way and you are not an existing registered user of the Website, Last.fm will delete your email address immediately after providing you with the song or message.
Last.fm does not collect or store personal information received from third parties. 8.
Software Updates In order to ensure that Last.fm is functioning at its best, from time to time we may ask you to upgrade to a newer version of our software.
In addition, we may find it necessary to send you automatic fixes or support files.
If we make a modification that materially affects your privacy, we will endeavour to notify you of such modification and we will update this Privacy Policy accordingly. 9.
Links We may display links to third party sites.
However, we cannot control and cannot be held responsible for those other sites, their privacy policies or how they treat information about their users.
We advise you to check their terms of use and privacy policies to find out how they are treating your personal information. 10.
Data Protection Last.fm complies with the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), including UK amending legislation and E.U.
Directives.
Pursuant to the Act, you have the right to be informed of, and to have access to, all of the personally identifiable information we hold about you, and you may do so by visiting your user profile when logged-in to your account on the Website, or by e-mailing us at: legal@last.fm.
We may store information provided by you on our servers both in the U.S.
and in the U.K.
See Section 18 below for additional information. 11.
Last.fm Software and transfers of your information If you choose to download the Last.fm software, it will monitor all the music you listen to on your computer (even if you are not online).
It will then send this information to Last.fm via Audioscrobbler.
This information will then be integrated into Last.fm to enhance the depth of your record collection and the accuracy of your profile.
The Last.fm software cannot and will not collect and transfer any other information from your computer other than as described above.
However, please be advised that Last.fm cannot be liable for any damage which may occur to your computer as a result of downloading the Last.fm software, nor shall it be liable for any invasion of privacy related to the same.
We may use third-party partners to help operate our Website, and we may share your information with our affiliates, service providers and other third parties that provide products or services for or through this Website or for our business (such as Web site or database hosting companies, address list hosting companies, e-mail service providers, analytics companies, distribution companies, fulfillment companies, and other similar service providers that use such information on our behalf).
Last.fm operates an ‘open API’ and webservices program, which enables developers and other third parties to freely use statistics and data collected by Last.fm to create programs and other interesting services which help develop the Last.fm community.
More details concerning the API and the information that is made available from it can be found at: http://www.last.fm/api.
Certain third party individuals or organisations may have access to your personal information (excluding your email contact information) via Last.fm’s API and webservices or as a result of agreements between Last.fm and its preferred partners.
(However, you should be aware that if you provide your e-mail contact information and/or username directly to any such third parties, they may use your information for their own purposes.) Such partners may use such information for their own purposes, which may be either commercial or non-commercial in nature and which may include targeted advertising or direct marketing.
These third parties may be based in the United Kingdom or elsewhere (including outside of the EEA).
Certain third-party advertisements on the Website may enable you to submit your username and/or other personal information within the advertisement in order to receive information or services provided by third parties.
Such advertisements are provided by third parties, and thus, the collection and use of information submitted via the advertisements is by such third parties and is subject to their privacy policies.
Last.fm cannot guarantee that all third parties will abide by such restrictions.
Of course, you can report any suspected misuse of your personal information to us by emailing us at legal@last.fm and we will endeavour to investigate your claim.
Where we deem it appropriate, we will take appropriate action against such third party, which may include terminating their access to personal information. 12.
Does Last.fm use cookies? Last.fm collects information about you using cookies.
We use this information to help us improve the efficiency and quality of our service.
For example, to remember your preferences (such as your language settings and volume control), keep track of your music play history and help personalise your Last.fm experience.


We also use analytics cookies which provide anonymised data about your use of the Website for statistical purposes.
This helps us to monitor and improve the Website.
We provide much more information about how we use cookies in our Cookie Policy. 13.
Third-Party Ad Servers We may use third-party advertising companies to target and serve ads when you visit our Website.
These third party advertisers may drop cookies onto your device when serving these adverts.
These advertising companies will use the information generated by these cookies (which may, for example, monitor your browsing activity) to serve advertising to you which is more likely to be related to your interests (i.e.
based on the sorts of sites you visit).
Please note that we do not disclose personally identifiable information about you, which you have privately provided to Last.fm, to our advertiser partners without your consent.
You can find much more information about how third party advertiser cookies are used on the Website in our Cookie Policy.
 14.
Security Last.fm endeavours to protect the security of your information as much as we endeavour to protect our own information and network.
We employ firewalls and store all of our files and information on terminals which require password access.
You should never disclose your account password to unauthorised people.
We use certain security measures to help keep your personal information safe, but we cannot guarantee that these measures will stop any users try to get around the privacy or security settings on the Website through unforeseen and/or illegal activity.
Consequently, you acknowledge that there are circumstances in which your personal information may be accessed by unauthorised persons.
In the event that we believe that the security of your personal information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you.
If a notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail.
You consent to our use of e-mail as a means of such notification.
If you prefer for us to use another method to notify you in this situation, please e-mail us at legal@last.fm with the alternative contact information you wish to be used.
 15.
Last.fm Policy for Young People Children under the age of 13 are not eligible to use the Website and must not attempt to register with Last.fm and/or submit any personal information to us.
We don’t knowingly collect personal information from any person who is under the age of 13 or allow them to register.
If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal data from a person under the age of 13, we will delete this information as quickly as possible.
If you have reason to believe that this has occurred, please contact us at legal@last.fm, and we will delete all relevant information.
We recommend that children between the ages of 13 and 17 should not send any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet (including to us) without asking their parents/legal guardians for permission beforehand. 16.
Legally-Compelled Disclosures We believe in privacy and therefore will take all reasonable measures to ensure that your personally identifiable information remains private.
However, in the event that we are required to disclose personally identifiable information by a court, the police or other law enforcement bodies for their investigations, regulation or other governmental authority we will make such a disclosure without being in violation of this Policy. 17.
Business Transitions If Last.fm is acquired by another company or sells all or a portion of its assets to another company, or in the event of a merger, it is likely that user information will be a part of the assets transferred.
If as a result of such a business transition information is to be collected, used or disclosed in a manner or for a purpose different from that stated above, Last.fm will endeavour to notify all users of such changes beforehand. 18.
Consent 
By disclosing any information to Last.fm through the Website and by using the Last.fm Website as a registered user, you are consenting to the collection, storage and use of your personal information by Last.fm as set out in this Policy and the Terms and Conditions, and you understand and consent to the collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other countries and territories.
If you do not consent to the collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other countries and territories, then you should not use the Website as a registered user, which means that many features will be unavailable to you.


When you give your personally identifiable information to Last.fm, it may be used by Last.fm and its direct and indirect consolidated subsidiaries for the purposes of, for example, providing you services and sending you correspondence, and additionally may be transferred to entities other than Last.fm’s affiliates, which entities may be located in countries outside the EEA, including the United States.
Each of these countries has different privacy laws that afford varying levels of protection for your personally identifiable information, and such laws may not be as comprehensive as those that exist in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
By registering with Last.fm, you consent to Last.fm’s and its direct and indirect consolidated subsidiaries’ transmission to, and processing of your information in, any jurisdiction, in accordance with its Privacy Policy.
 19.
Changes to the Privacy Policy If Last.fm makes any changes to this Policy these changes will be detailed on this page in order to ensure that you are fully aware of what information is collected, how it is used and under what circumstances it will be disclosed.
If you are concerned about how your information is collected, used or disclosed, you should periodically check back at this page.
If you have any specific concerns not addressed in the Policy, please contact us using the feedback page on the website.
If you decide that you do not want your personal information to be used in the way described in this Policy, you can send us a notice that you wish to withdraw your consent as set out above by emailing legal@last.fm.
Because the Last.fm community relies on users sharing information, withdrawing your consent will mean that you are not able to receive the full benefits of Last.fm’s service as a user.
Additionally, if you do not provide your consent, or if you withdraw your consent, you should not use the Website as a registered user, which means that many features will be unavailable to you.
 20.
Effective Date This Privacy Policy is effective as of Tuesday 15 January 2013. Company 
About Last.fm
Contact Us
 Help 
Track My Music
Community Support
Community Guidelines
Help
 Goodies 
Download Scrobbler
Developer API
Free Music Downloads
Merchandise
 Account 
Join
Login
Subscribe
 Follow Us 
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Englishcurrent language 
 Deutsch 
 Español 
 Français 
 Italiano 
 日本語 
 Polski 
 Português 
 Русский 
 Svenska 
 Türkçe 
 简体中文 

 Time zone: America/New_York


CBS Interactive © 2018 Last.fm Ltd.
All rights reserved
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Policies
Jobs at CBSi
Gamespot

 Let us know what you think of the Last.fm website.
Leave feedback  API Calls 
