  This Privacy Policy specifies the manner in which Nabble collects, stores, uses, and discloses information about visitors.
By using Nabble, you understand and accept the most recent version of this policy, which will be periodically updated.
This document was last updated on April 03, 2015.
 Information we collect  We collect information to provide better services to all of our users.
We collect information in two ways: 


Information you give us. Nabble retains private and personal information only when it is voluntarily submitted by visitors via forms and emails.


Information we get from your use of our services. We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them.
This includes: 

Cookies and anonymous identifiers. This site uses some unobtrusive cookies to store information on your computer.
Some cookies on this site are essential, and the site won't work as expected without them.
These cookies are set when you submit a form, login or interact with the site by doing something that goes beyond clicking on simple links.
We also use some non-essential cookies to anonymously track visitors or enhance your experience of the site.


Log information. Nabble may collect and store certain information in server logs, including details of how you used our service, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, IP address, the date and time of your request and referral URL.



How we use the information we collect  The information we collect is used to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services.
This basically includes verification of identity, maintaining user preferences, monitoring web traffic, investigation of bugs and statistical analysis with the purpose of improving the user experience.
 Anonymous Usage  You may use Nabble without divulging any information beyond what is technologically required to retrieve a web page.
Such usage, however, will limit the availability of certain features, including maintaining an account.
 Site Owners  A Nabble "site" is a forum, blog, or any other application created on Nabble with its own subdomain.
The user who creates a site owns it and can make the content public or private as he/she sees fit.
This user may also download backups of the data for the site, and this will include any data that you have submitted to this site (except passwords, which are encrypted and truncated for security reasons).
 Third Parties  Nabble utilizes certain third parties for the normal operation of our service.
This includes, but is not limited to, providers of hosting, payment gateways, statistical analysis software and advertising networks.
We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our web site.
These companies may utilize cookies, pixels or other technologies to collect and use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., hashed data, click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit the websites of the Digital Advertising Alliance at www.aboutads.info and Networking Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.

 Personal information we collect is not shared with third parties except when approved by you or necessary for the delivery of the service.
Information may likewise be divulged to aid in the investigation of illegal or forbidden activities and as required by law.
Information may be transferred in the event that Nabble is acquired by another organization.

  This is a Contract and License  By using Nabble, you accept the terms of this license and contract between you and Nabble, LLC.
This document was last updated on August 17, 2012.
 Your Content in our Services  Nabble agrees that you retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in content that you submit to us.
In short, what belongs to you stays yours.
You are responsible for your content, and you may edit or delete your content.
Nabble does not moderate sites and does not review, approve or endorse any content.

 When you upload or otherwise submit content to our servers, you give Nabble a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, communicate and publish such content.
Your content can be public or private depending on the configuration of the subdomain where it was submitted.
This configuration is controlled by other users who administer that subdomain, and they can freely make your content public or private at any time.
Nabble does not make private content public.
If you own a Nabble site (subdomain) and want to keep your content private, it will stay private.

 Since it is possible that a user may post offensive content or content that is harmful to minors, Nabble wants to make sure that you are aware that filtering software and services are available to prevent access to such content.
This feature is available in Internet security software made by Symantec, Inc.
and McAfee, Inc.
as well as from major Internet Service Providers.
In order to see a list of current vendors, please use an Internet search engine to search for "parental control software" or "filtering software."  Privacy and Copyright Protection  Nabble’s privacy policy explains how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when you use our services.
By using our services, you agree that Nabble can use such data in accordance with our privacy policy.

 Copyright owners who believe that a Nabble user has posted infringing content may provide notice in compliance with the requirements of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act to Weizhen Lin, 1568 Grackle Way, Sunnyvale CA 94087, Telephone: 408-464-4439, email DMCA[please remove this part]@nabble.com.
There will be no response to communications that do not involve copyright infringement. Communications related to privacy, violation of our Terms of Use or other abuse must be submitted by email to abuse[please remove this part]@nabble.com.
 Deletion of Content/Termination of Account Nabble reserves the right to delete or block access to any content that you post if Nabble determines that your content is inappropriate for any reason, including Nabble's determination that the content infringes on another's intellectual property rights.
Nabble provides the following examples of inappropriate content as a guideline, but this list is not all inclusive and it is subject to change:

Content that violates the laws of California or the United States;
Content that infringes intellectual property rights;
Content that violates the privacy rights of others;
Mass advertising (e.g., spam);
Viruses and the like;
Statements intended to perpetrate a fraud.
and,
Illegal pornography.

Posting of inappropriate content may lead to the termination of your account.
Repeated copyright infringement will lead to the termination of your account.
Nabble reserves the right to delete accounts that it determines are inactive without notice. Limited Warranty and Disclaimer of Warranties.
NABBLE MAKES NO EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, TRADE USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE. Limitation of Liability In no event will Nabble be liable for any lost revenue, profit or data, or for special, indirect, consequential, incidental, or punitive damages however caused and regardless of the theory of liability arising out of the use of or inability to use Nabble or arising out of any content posted on Nabble even if Nabble has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Trademarks/Service Marks Nabble is a service mark of Nabble, LLC.
Nothing contained on this Web site should be construed as granting any license or right to use any Nabble trademark or service mark without the express written permission of Nabble, LLC. Choice of Law and Forum Any action related to this Agreement will be governed by California law and controlling U.S.
federal law.
Any legal action brought concerning this Agreement or any dispute hereunder shall be brought only in the courts of the State of California, in the City and County of San Francisco or in the federal courts located in such state and county.
Both parties submit to venue and jurisdiction in these courts. Entire Agreement: Severability These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement with respect to your access to and use of this Web site.
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from the remaining provisions and shall not affect their validity and enforceability. Changes to Terms of Use This Web site and these Terms of Use may be changed by Nabble with or without notice.
Please review this page regularly for changes.
Continued use of this Web site following any change constitutes your acceptance of the change.

BY USING NABBLE, YOU ACCEPT OUR TERMS OF USE.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, THEN DO NOT USE NABBLE.

