 Privacy Policy Privacy Policy
This privacy policy tells you about the information we collect from you when you use any website or mobile application owned or operated by Newegg, its subsidiaries and affiliates, including Newegg websites around the world (collectively, the “Site”), including information about who we are, what information we collect, why we use your information, who we share your information with and why, how we protect your information, and how you can change or review your information.
By using our services, and the Site, you understand and consent to Newegg collecting, storing, processing, and sharing your information as described in this privacy policy.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not use the Site.
Who are we?
We, along with our affiliates and subsidiaries, are Newegg.
Our address is 9997 Rose Hills Road, Whittier, CA 90601.
You can contact us by mail at the above address, by email at wecare@newegg.com or by telephone at 1 (800) 390-1119.
What personal information do we collect?

Information collected voluntarily

We collect information that you voluntarily provide to us, such as when you register for an account, or place an order with Newegg.
We may combine this information with other information that we have collected about you.
We may use cookies, log files, web beacons, JavaScript, and other similar technology (“Cookies and Similar Technology”) to collect and store the information we collect.

Account Registration

To register for a Newegg account, you must provide us with your personal information, including your name, email address, and password.

Purchase Order Information

You are not required to have an account to place an order with us.
You may place an order either through your account or through guest checkout, which provides an opportunity to create an account during checkout.
In order to place an order with Newegg, you must provide us with your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone number, and payment information, such as your credit card number, billing address, credit card expiration date, and credit card security code.

Information Stored on a Device

With your consent, we may access metadata and other information associated with other files stored on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or any other device (referred to collectively as a “Device”).

Location Information

With your consent, which you provide when you install our mobile application, when you access and use our mobile application, we may collect information about the general location of a Device.

Information collected automatically

When you access and use the Site on a Device, we may automatically collect information about a Device, such as the IP address, and device identifier (“Device Information”).
We may associate the information we collect from a Device with your account.
In addition, we may associate a Device with your account.
We may combine this information with other information that we have collected about you.
We may use cookies, log files, web beacons, JavaScript, and other similar technology (“Cookies and Similar Technology”) to collect and store the information we collect.
Why do we use your personal information?
We may use your personal information for a variety of business purposes, including:

Where necessary to provide you with access to our services, and the Site;
Where necessary to provide you with interactive features on the Site;
Where necessary to provide our services to you or for the performance of a contract;
Where necessary to process and fulfill your orders and returns and exchanges;
Where necessary to contact you if we have trouble processing your order;
Where necessary to provide you with customer support and to respond to your requests, comments, questions, or concerns;
Where necessary to send you information about your order, such as order updates;
Where necessary to process and manage your subscriptions;
Where necessary to fulfill your benefits that are associated with your use of our services, such as to award points through our EggPoint loyalty program;
Where necessary to administer sweepstakes and contests that you have entered into;
Where necessary to customize your settings;
Where necessary to send you important notices, such as system notices and alerts, and changes to our terms and conditions, and policies;
Where necessary to comply with applicable laws and legal obligations;
Where necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Newegg;
Where necessary for our legitimate interest in preventing and detecting fraud, and maintaining security;
Where necessary for our legitimate interests in enforcing our terms and conditions, and policies;
Where necessary for our legitimate interests in analyzing and improving the effectiveness of the Site, and our products and services;
Where you consent to Newegg sending you our newsletters, special promotions, and offers;
Where you consent to Newegg sending you text alerts and/or email notifications;
Where you consent to Newegg sending you push notifications on a Device.
and
Where you consent to Newegg sending you marketing communications, advertisements and other information relating to our products and services.

Cookies and Similar Technology
We use Cookies and Similar Technologies in order to provide our services, to analyse and improve our services, to prevent and detect fraud, to customize your account settings, and to personalize your experience of the Site through the use of targeted advertisements and offers.

Cookies

A cookie is a small text file that is generated by a site that is stored on a Device.
When you access the Site, a number of cookies are used by Newegg and third parties.
We may link data stored in cookies to the personal information you submitted while on the Site.

Log file

We may use Device Information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
We may store the information in log files or other types of files, which may be combined with other information that we have collected about you.

Web Beacon

The Site and our emails and advertisements may contain web beacons.
A web beacon is a small graphic image, such as a pixel or GIF, which is placed on a web page, email, or advertisement and is used to provide information on when and how you access and use the Site, and services.
We may allow third-party companies to collect non-personal information when you visit the Site.
These companies typically use a cookie or web beacon to collect this information in order to provide advertisements likely to be of interest to you.

Functional

Some of the Cookies and Similar Technology that we use are strictly necessary for the Site to function and cannot be turned off.
As a result, if you choose to reject the cookies, you cannot browse our store or place an order with Newegg.
We use Cookies and Similar Technology for various necessary and legitimate business purposes, including to enable you to register, access and update your account.
to allow you to make a purchase.
in order for Newegg to analyze and improve the performance of our services, and the Site.
to maintain security on the Site, and to prevent and detect fraud.
to customize your account.
and to display certain web page content based upon your browser type and other information provided by our Cookies and Similar Technology.

Personalized Experience and Offers

Subject to your cookie settings, Newegg and various third parties may use Cookies and Similar Technology to personalize your experience on the Site, such as through the use of targeted advertisements and special offers.
We have no access to or control over third-party technologies.
In addition, please note that this privacy policy covers Newegg’s use of Cookies and Similar Technology only and does not cover third-party use of their own proprietary technologies.

Third-Party Services Cookies

Subject to your cookie settings, Newegg and third-party service providers that you may subscribe to may require Cookies and Similar Technologies to allow you to use those third-party services in connection with your use of our services, and the Site.
We have no access to or control over third-party technologies.
In addition, please note that this privacy policy covers the use of Cookies and Similar Technologies by Newegg only and does not cover the use of technologies by any third-party service providers.

Do Not Track Signals or Similar Mechanisms

Some web browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature that, when turned on, signals to websites the user visits that the user does not want to be tracked.
At this time, the Site does not respond to “Do Not Track” signals or similar mechanisms.
Who do we share your information with and why?
We may share or disclose your personal information at your direction or request, or upon your consent, such as when you authorize a third-party application to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a marketplace seller or other business.
We may also share your personal information between:

Marketplace Sellers

Third-Party sellers offer products for sale through Newegg’s Marketplace platform.
We refer to these third parties as Marketplace Sellers.
In order to best facilitate and complete Marketplace Seller Transactions, we may share some of your personal information with these third parties.

Service Providers

In order to process your credit card information to complete your purchase, we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval.
This process is protected by an enhanced security system.
See the Security section below for more details on security measures and procedures.
In addition, we may employ third-party companies to perform functions on our behalf.
These functions may include order fulfillment, package delivery, marketing assistance, postal and e-mail delivery, customer service, data analysis, and credit processing.
The third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes.

Affiliated Institutions

We may share your personal information we collect with all Newegg subsidiaries and affiliates.
As our business continues to evolve, we may acquire or sell business units or subsidiaries.
Customer information is one of the business assets that would be transferred in these types of transactions.
In such a situation, your personal information would only be used in a manner consistent with our pre-existing Privacy Notice and terms and conditions.

As Required by Law

We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law, and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Newegg.

Third-Party Companies for Marketing

Subject to your marketing preferences and settings, we may share your personal information with third-party companies that may, among other things, use your personal information to provide you with targeted advertisements and special offers.
To change your settings, go to the account settings section of this privacy policy.
The companies will only be allowed to use your personal information in accordance with your marketing preferences and will be required to keep your personal information secure.

Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information

We may collect, use, store, transfer, share, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose.

Collection and Use of Public Information

We may collect, use, store, transfer, share, and disclose your information that is publicly available, such as information you submit on social media platforms, or blogs for any purpose.

Links

The Site may contain links to other third-party websites or applications.
Please be aware that these websites and applications may collect information about you.
These websites and applications may have their own privacy notices or policies.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website and application that you use.
This privacy policy applies only to information collected by the Site.
To the extent any linked websites or applications you visit are not owned or operated by Newegg, please be aware that we are not responsible for the websites or applications’ content, any use of the websites or applications, or the privacy and security practices and policies of those websites or applications.

Testimonial/Feedback about our Services

The testimonial/feedback sections of the Site are for the purpose of sharing experiences and providing feedback about the Site.
The testimonial/feedback sections are moderated to ensure accurate testimonial/feedback.
Published testimonial/feedback are genuine and are not edited or altered by Newegg.
Newegg reserves the right to post or remove any testimonial/feedback at its discretion.
By posting your testimonial/feedback, you give us permission to reprint or use the testimonial/feedback in connection with our business.
You also are agreeing to the following: (1) The reprint or use of the testimonial/feedback will be at our discretion and without compensation.
(2) We may use the testimonial/feedback with or without any pseudo (pen) name credit.
(3) Our right to use the testimonial/feedback is perpetual and may be assigned by us.
(4) We may use the testimonial/feedback locally, nationally or globally and such use may be made in any media, information or communication platform (including Internet advertising) currently in use or later developed.
and (5) You and not someone else composed and posted the testimonial/feedback.
Please note that any information you include in a testimonial/feedback may be read, collected, and used by anyone.

Testimonial/Reviews about Products

The testimonial/reviews sections of the Site are for the purpose of sharing experiences and product reviews.
The testimonial/reviews sections are moderated to ensure accurate testimonial/reviews.
Published testimonial/reviews are genuine and are not edited or altered by Newegg.
Newegg reserves the right to post or remove any testimonial/reviews at its discretion.
By posting your testimonial/reviews, you give us permission to reprint or use the testimonial/reviews in connection with our business.
You also are agreeing to the following: (1) The reprint or use of the testimonial/reviews will be at our discretion and without compensation.
(2) We may use the testimonial/reviews with or without any pseudo (pen) name credit.
(3) Our right to use the testimonial/reviews is perpetual and may be assigned by us.
(4) We may use the testimonial/reviews locally, nationally or globally and such use may be made in any media, information or communication platform (including Internet advertising) currently in use or later developed.
and (5) You and not someone else composed and posted the testimonial/reviews.
Please note that any information you include in a testimonial/reviews may be read, collected, and used by anyone.

Newegg Insider, GameCrate, and Unlocked (Blogs)

By posting your comment(s) on our blogs, including, but not limited to, Newegg Insider, GameCrate, or Unlocked (“Blog” or “Blogs”), you give us permission to reprint or use the comments in connection with our business.
You also are agreeing to the following: (1) The reprint or use of the comment will be at our discretion and without compensation.
(2) We may use the comment with or without any pseudo (pen) name credit.
(3) Our right to use the comment is perpetual and may be assigned by us.
(4) We may use the Blog locally, nationally, or globally and such use may be made in any media, information or communication platform (including Internet advertising) currently in use or later developed.
and (5) You and not someone else composed and posted the comment on our Blog.
Please note that any information you include in a comment on our Blog may be read, collected, and used by anyone.

Posting Testimonial, and Blogs with Photos

We may allow you to post testimonial, and Blogs that include photos.
We will not access your photos or camera until we obtain your consent and we will only use the photos that you have selected.
You can manage your photos and camera settings at any time by changing the settings on your mobile device.

Social Media Platforms

We maintain presences on social media platforms including, but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube.
Any information you post on a social media platform is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy.
Please be aware that Newegg is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
How do we protect your information?

Security

Newegg takes precautions to protect its customers’ information.
When you submit sensitive information via the Site, your information is protected both online and offline.
When our registration/order form asks you to enter sensitive information (such as your credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected using SSL encryption software.
To learn more about SSL, follow this link: www.verisign.com.
Access to all of our users’ information is restricted.
Newegg operates in a secured and locked facility that requires all employees to check in and wear valid ID badges.
Security cameras are positioned throughout the building in conjunction with multiple alarm systems.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personal information.
If you have any questions or concerns about Newegg’s security practices, you can send us an email at privacy@newegg.com.

Retention Period

We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.

Safeguarding Information

To ensure that your user name and password remain confidential, DO NOT share this information with anyone.

Children

Newegg does not sell products intended for purchase by children.
Youth-oriented products are sold for purchase by adults only.
If you are under the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction, you may only use the Site in the presence of a consenting parent or guardian.
We will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Newegg is committed to protecting the welfare and privacy of children.

California Residents

If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you may submit a request to us to obtain certain information regarding our disclosure of your personal information within the immediately preceding calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To submit a request, please send an email to privacy@newegg.com.
How can you change or review your information?
You may change or review your account information and settings for the following:

Account Information

When you register for a Newegg account, you enter your email address.
This email address is your Newegg ID and the email address that you use to log in to the Site.
To change your email address and Newegg ID on Newegg, from our desktop website, please go to Account Settings.
You cannot change your email address and Newegg ID from the Newegg mobile application or mobile website.
Please note that you must have your email address/Newegg ID and password in order to access your account.

Special Offers

At the time of your order, you may choose to receive special offers and news by clicking the appropriate field.
If you currently receive special offers and news and wish to stop receiving special offers and news, Newegg provides several ways to do so.
You may send e-mails to wecare@newegg.com with a request to be removed.
Finally, you may use the link provided in all Newegg communications to automatically unsubscribe.
Please note that you might still receive intermittent updates on products, services, specials or news.

Push Notifications

If you currently receive push notifications and wish to stop receiving push notifications, you can deactivate these notifications at any time by changing the settings on your mobile device.

Uninstall Mobile Application

You can stop all further collection of information by our mobile application by uninstalling our mobile application.
You may use the standard uninstall process to remove our mobile application from your mobile device.
Updates to this privacy policy
We regularly review and, if appropriate, update this privacy policy from time to time, and as our services and use of personal data evolves.
If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage.
We will update the date of this document each time it is changed.

Last Update

The Privacy Policy contained herein became officially effective June 19, 2018. Updated on October 16, 2018 Tagged: tips Related Articles 
 Write to us address 
 Privacy Policy 
 Identifying phishing emails 
 Text Customer Service 
 How to place an order 
 Policy &amp.
Agreement 
   COMMUNITY.NEWEGG.COM TERMS OF USE 1.
Acceptance of and Modifications to these Terms Community.com (the “Site”) is owned and operated by Newegg, Inc.
(“Newegg”).
Your continued use of this Site is subject to these Terms of Use (the “Terms”) and our Privacy Policy.
Your use of this Site constitutes your binding acceptance of these Terms, including any modifications we make.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, or otherwise alter these Terms at any time without notice to you.
Such modifications shall become effective immediately upon the posting thereof.
Should you object to any Term or any subsequent modification or become dissatisfied with Community in any way, your only recourse is to immediately discontinue use of the Site. 2.
Content The Site consists of a mix of digital and written content provided by us and our users.
You understand that all postings, messages, text, files, images, photos, video, sounds, or other materials (“Content”) posted on, transmitted through, or linked from the Site, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated.
More specifically, you are entirely responsible for each individual item of Content you post, email, or otherwise make available through the Site.
You understand that Community does not control, and is not responsible for Content made available through the Site that is provided by others, and that by using the Site, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent, inaccurate, misleading, or otherwise objectionable.
You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, that you may not rely on said Content, and that under no circumstances will the Newegg Community site be liable in any way for any Content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed or otherwise made available on the Site.
You acknowledge that Newegg Community has no duty to pre-screen or approve Content, but that Community shall have the right, but not the obligation, in its sole discretion to refuse, delete or move any Content on the Site, for any reason, including, but not limited to violation(s) of these Terms.
Community reserves the right to remove Content for any reason, but is not responsible for any failure or delay in removing such material. 3.
Posting and Transmitting Content You are solely responsible for all materials, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available on our Site (the “Content”).
You certify that you own all intellectual property rights in the Content.
You may not post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available Content that:

violates or infringes the rights of others, including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, or other proprietary rights;
is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, or is harmful to minors in any way;
is pornographic, obscene, or sexually explicit;
victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;
impersonates any person, licensed or professional, business or entity, including our employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity;
includes personal or identifying information about another person without that person’s explicit written consent;
is false, deceptive, misleading, deceitful, or misinformative;
contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permits the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;
encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, or that gives rise to civil liability;
offers, promotes or encourages betting or wagering prohibited by law;
violates these Terms of Use, guidelines or any policy posted on our Site, or interferes with the use of our Site by others;
causes damage or impairs our servers or network;
interferes with any other party's use and enjoyment of our Site.
or attempts to gain unauthorized access to our services, user accounts, computer systems or networks.
offers, promotes or encourages any form of buying/selling/trading of personal and or professional items.

 We may examine the Content on the Site on a regular basis and we maintain the absolute right, though not the obligation, to remove any Content that does not meet the standards listed above or that is otherwise objectionable at our sole discretion.
We also reserve the right to terminate your access to the Site if you fail to abide by these Terms.
In addition, we may take any legal, disciplinary and technical remedies to prevent the violation of these Terms of Use.

 We are not responsible for the loss, deletion, failure to store, misdelivery, or untimely delivery of any Content submitted or transmitted through or to the Site.
 4.
Grant of License When you post or transmit Content on, to, or through the Site, you grant the Site a nonexclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, sublicensable, royalty-free license to use, store, display, publish, transmit, transfer, distribute, reproduce, rearrange, edit, modify, aggregate your Content with other Content, create derivative works of and publicly perform that Content for any purpose on and through each of the services provided by the Site or on other sites owned by Newegg, including its parent company, subsidiaries, and affiliates (whether now existing or yet to be established), marketing affiliates (whether now existing or subsequently established), and advertising partners (whether now existing or subsequently established).
This license shall apply to the distribution and the storage of your Content in any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, we have the right, but not the obligation, to use your name, city, and state in connection with any use of your Content. 5.
Use of the Site and the Site Content All Content displayed on or made available on our Site is protected by copyright or trademark as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to copyright and trademark laws and international conventions.
Any reproduction, modification, creation of derivative works from or redistribution of the Content or collective work, and/or copying or reproducing the Content or any portion thereof to any other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution is prohibited without the express written consent of the Newegg Community site, and you agree to abide by any and all intellectual property notices displayed on the Site.
You may not decompile or disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to discover any source code contained in the Site.
Without limiting the foregoing, you agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, or exploit for any commercial purposes, any aspect of the Content or Site.
 You may not use the Site in any manner that interferes with our normal operations or with the use and enjoyment of another user.
You may only access the Site and the Content through the interfaces provided by the Site.
You agree to use the Site only for its intended lawful purpose and in accordance with applicable laws.
You understand that by using the Site, you may be exposed to Content that you find offensive or objectionable.
 6.
Our Rights We maintain the right to do any of the following, at any time, with or without prior notice:

restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of our Site;
change, suspend, or discontinue all or any part of our Site;
refuse, move, or remove any Content;
refuse to register any user name that may be deemed offensive;
establish general practices and policies concerning the Site.
 7.
Termination of Service You agree that Community, in its sole discretion, has the right (but not the obligation) to delete or deactivate your account, block your email or IP address, or otherwise terminate your access to or use of the Site (or any part thereof), immediately and without notice, and remove and discard any Content within the Site, for any reason, including, without limitation, if Community believes that you have violated the Terms.
Further, you agree that Community shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the Site.
Further, you agree not to attempt to use the Site after said termination. 8.
Disclaimer of Warranties You agree that use of Community is entirely at your own risk and Community is provided on an “as is” or “as available” basis, without any warranties of any kind.
All express and implied warranties, including without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary rights are expressly disclaimed to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Community also disclaims any warranties for viruses or other harmful components in connection with the Site.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties.
In such jurisdictions, some of the foregoing disclaimers may not apply to you insofar as they relate to implied warranties. 9.
Limitations of Liability We cannot guarantee the accuracy, security or quality of Content posted on or transmitted through the Site.
Without limitation, we are not responsible for the Content posted by users on the Site and your use of the Site and any services provided is at your own risk.
Under no circumstances shall Community be liable for direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages (even if Community has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from any aspect of your use of the Site, whether such damages arise from use or misuse of the Site, from inability to use the Site, or the interruption, suspension, modification, alteration, or termination of the Site.
Such limitation shall also apply with respect to damages incurred by any information or advice received through the Site to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Certain states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain damages.
In such jurisdictions, some of the foregoing limitations may not apply to you. 10.
Indemnification You agree to indemnify and hold Community, its officers, subsidiaries, parents, affiliates, successors, assigns, directors, officers, agents, service providers, suppliers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorney fees and court costs, made by any third party due to, relating to, or arising out of Content you submit, post or make available through the Site, your use of the Site, your violation of the Terms, your breach of any of the representations and warranties herein, or your violation of any rights of others. 11.
Membership and Account Responsibility Membership on the Site is available to anyone 13 years of age or older who truthfully and accurately provides all required information (including a legitimate email address) and obtains a unique username and password.
The Site is not intended as a service for children and therefore persons under the age of 13 may not become a member.
If you are under the age of 18, you represent and warrant that you have the permission of your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) to access and use the Site.
You must be a member in order to post messages in the community forum.
 You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security.
You also agree to exit from your account at the end of each session.
We will not be responsible for any loss or damage that may result if you fail to comply with these requirements.
Furthermore, you are strongly advised to maintain and protect your privacy by choosing carefully what personally identifiable information you include in Content you post on the Site  12.
Reporting Content Violations If you believe that any Content shown or transmitted through the Site violates these Terms or your intellectual property rights have been violated, you can report such violation at Neweggfourms@newegg.com.
 In the case of an intellectual property violation, please provide the following information: 

A description of the intellectual property you claim has been infringed;
Identify the material on the Site that you claim is infringing with enough detail so we may locate it on the Site;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by you declaring under penalty of perjury that 1) the above information in your notice is accurate and 2) that you are the owner of the intellectual property interest involved or that you are authorized to act on behalf of that owner;
Your address, telephone number, and email address where we can contact you;
Your physical or electronic signature.

 It is often difficult to determine if your intellectual property rights have been violated.
We may request additional information before we remove allegedly infringing material.
If a dispute arises as to the correct owner of the rights in question, we reserve the right to remove both parties’ Content.
 13.
General Information The Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Community and govern your use of the Site, superseding any prior agreements between you and Community.
The Terms and the relationship between you and Community shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to any conflict of law provisions.
You and Community agree to exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the County of Los Angeles, California for the purpose of adjudicating any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement.
The failure of Community to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court shall endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms remain in full force and effect.
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Site or the Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. 