 Terms Of Use
THESE TERMS OF USE WERE UPDATED ON FEBRUARY 11TH 2019
PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THESE TERMS OF USE.
BY USING THIS PLATFORM YOU INDICATE YOUR UNDERSTANDING AND ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS YOU MAY NOT USE THE PLATFORM.

i.
ACCEPTANCE
ii.
DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE AND CONTENT POLICY
iii.
CONDUCT
iv.
PAID SERVICES
v.
POSTING AGENTS
vi.
ACCESS TO THE SERVICE
vii.
NOTIFICATION OF CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENTS
viii.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
ix.
USER SUBMISSIONS
x.
INDEMNITY
xi.
NO SPAM POLICY
xii.
DEALINGS WITH ORGANIZATIONS AND INDIVIDUALS
xiii.
LIMITATION AND TERMINATION OF SERVICE


xiv.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
xv.
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
xvi.
ASSIGNMENT
xvii.
ABILITY TO ACCEPT TERMS OF SERVICE
xviii.
GENERAL INFORMATION
xix.
VIOLATION OF TERMS AND LIQUIDATED DAMAGES
xx.
PRIVACY POLICY
xxi.
GRIEVANCE OFFICER
 &nbsp;&nbsp;i.
ACCEPTANCEGo to top
OLX India B.V.
is a Dutch limited liability company that is registered at the Trade Register with the Chamber of Commerce in the Netherlands under number 34243234 and located at Taurusavenue, 2132 LS Hoofddorp, The Netherlands.
OLX India B.V.
and its affiliates and/or branches (hereinafter together "OLX") provide a collection of online resources which include classified advertisements (collectively, the "Service") on the website&nbsp;www.olx.in&nbsp;and corresponding and the mobile application of the platform (collectively, the "Platform").
The Platform and the Service are provided to you subject to these OLX Terms of Use (these "Terms").
For the purpose of the Terms and wherever the context so requires, the terms "you" and "your" shall mean any person who uses or accesses, whether through manual or automated means, the Platform or the Service in any manner whatsoever including persons browsing the Platform and its content, posting comments or any content or responding to any advertisements or content on the Platform.
By using the Service, you agree to comply with these Terms.
Additionally, when using a portion of the Service, you agree to conform to any applicable posted guidelines for such Service, which may change or be updated from time to time at OLX’s sole discretion.
You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for reviewing these Terms from time to time.
Should you object to any term or condition of these Terms, any guideline, or any subsequent changes thereto or become unhappy with OLX or the Service in any way, your only choice is to immediately discontinue use of OLX.
These Terms may be updated by OLX at any time at its sole discretion.
OLX may send you notices of changes to the Platform or the Terms pursuant to Section xxi (I) herein.
OLX may provide a translation of the English version of the Terms into other languages.
You understand and agree that any translation of the Terms into other languages is for your convenience only and that the English version governs the terms of your relationship with OLX.
Furthermore, if there are any inconsistencies between the English version of the Terms and any translation, the English version of the Terms shall govern. &nbsp;&nbsp;ii.
DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE AND CONTENT POLICYGo to top



A.
OLX is the next generation of online classifieds.
We act as a venue to allow our users who comply with these Terms to offer, sell, and buy products and services listed on the Platform.
Although you may be able to conduct payment and other transactions through the Platform, using third-party vendors such OLX is not in any way in involved in such transactions.
As a result, and as discussed in more detail in these Terms, you hereby acknowledge and agree that OLX is not a party to such transactions, has no control over any element of such transactions, and shall have no liability to any party in connection with such transactions.
You use the Service and the Platform at your own risk.
B.
You understand that OLX does not control, and is not responsible for ads, directory information, business listings/information, messages between users, including without limitation e-mails sent from outside OLX’s domain or other means of electronic communication, whether through the Platform or another Third Party Website (defined below) or offerings, comments, user postings, files, images, photos, video, sounds, business listings/information and directory information or any other material made available through the Platform and the Service ("Content"), and that by using the Platform and the Service, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent, inaccurate, misleading, or otherwise objectionable.
You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for and must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, that you may not rely on said Content, and that under no circumstances will OLX be liable in any way for the Content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the browsing, using or reading any Content listed, emailed or otherwise made available via the Service.
You acknowledge and agree that OLX cannot and does not pre-screen or approve any Content, but that OLX has the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to refuse, delete or move any Content that is or may be available through the Service, for violating these Terms and such violation being brought to OLX’s knowledge or for any other reason or no reason at all.
Furthermore, the Platform and Content available through the Platform may contain links to other third party websites ("Third Party Websites"), which are completely unrelated to OLX.
If you link to Third Party Websites, you may be subject to those Third Party Websites’ terms and conditions and other policies.
OLX makes no representation or guarantee as to the accuracy or authenticity of the information contained in any such Third Party Website, and your linking to any other websites is completely at your own risk and OLX disclaims all liability thereto.
C.
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your own Content posted on, transmitted through, or linked from the Service and the consequences of posting, transmitting, linking or publishing it.
More specifically, you are solely responsible for all Content that you upload, email or otherwise make available via the Service.
In connection with such Content posted on, transmitted through, or linked from the Service by you, you affirm, acknowledge, represent, warrant and covenant that: (i) you own or have and shall continue to, for such time the Content is available on the Platform, have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use such Content on the Service and Platform (including without limitation all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to any and all such Content) and authorize OLX to use such Content to enable inclusion and use of the Content in the manner contemplated by the Service, the Platform and these Terms.
and (ii) you have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person or business in the Content to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person or business to enable inclusion and use of the Content in the manner contemplated by the Service, the Platform and these Terms.
For clarity, you retain all of your ownership rights in your Content.
however, by submitting any Content on the Platform, you hereby grant to OLX an irrevocable, non-cancellable, perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sub-licensable, transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the Content in connection with the Platform and OLX's (and its successors') business, including without limitation for the purpose of promoting and redistributing part or all of the Platform and Content therein (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels now or hereafter known.
These rights are required by OLX in order to host and display your Content.
Furthermore, by you posting Content to any public area of the Service, you agree to and do hereby grant to OLX all rights necessary to prohibit or allow any subsequent aggregation, display, copying, duplication, reproduction, or exploitation of the Content on the Service or Platform by any party for any purpose.
As a part of the Service, OLX may offer the facility of automatically capturing of the "Description" of your ad based on the images uploaded by you.
OLX makes no warranty the veracity or the accuracy of the generated Description.
The Description may be edited by you at any time while your ad is live.
You also hereby grant each user of the Platform (a) a non-exclusive license to access your Content through the Platform, and (b) the right to contact you with regard to the Content posted by you through private chat or any other means.
The foregoing license to each user granted by you terminates once you or OLX remove or delete such Content from the Platform.
Further, you grant OLX the right to make available your Content to any third party in connection with the transaction contemplated in your classified advertisement.
D.
OLX does not endorse any Content or any opinion, statement, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and OLX expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Content.
OLX does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on the Platform, and OLX may, at its sole discretion, remove any infringing Content if properly notified in accordance with applicable law that such Content infringes on another's intellectual property rights.
OLX reserves the right to remove any Content without prior notice.
OLX may also terminate a user's access to the Platform if they are determined to be a repeat infringer or found to be indulging in any act contrary to these Terms.
A repeat infringer is a user who has been notified of infringing activity more than twice and/or has had a user submission removed from the Platform more than twice.
Further, at its sole discretion, OLX reserves the right to decide whether any Content is appropriate and complies with these Terms.


 &nbsp;&nbsp;iii.
CONDUCTGo to top
You agree not to post, email, host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any information on the Site, or otherwise make available Content:



i.
that violates any law or regulation;
ii.
that is copyrighted or patented, protected by trade secret or trademark, or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission or a license from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant OLX all of the license rights granted herein;
iii.
that infringes any of the foregoing intellectual property rights of any party, or is Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law, regulation, contractual or fiduciary relationship(s);
iv.
that is harmful, abusive, unlawful, threatening, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy or other rights, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or illegal gambling or harms or could harm minors in any way or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatsoever;
v.
that harasses, degrades, intimidates or is hateful towards any individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;
vi.
that violates any (local) equal employment laws, including but not limited to those prohibiting the stating, in any advertisement for employment, a preference or requirement based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability of the applicant.
vii.
that threatens the unity, integrity, defense, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offense or prevents investigation of any offense or is insulting any other nation;
viii.
that includes personal or identifying information about another person without that person's explicit consent;
ix.
that impersonates any person or entity, including, but not limited to, an OLX employee, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents an affiliation with a person or entity;
x.
deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature;
xi.
that is false, deceptive, misleading, deceitful, misinformative, or constitutes "bait and switch" offer;
xii.
that constitutes or contains "pyramid schemes," "affiliate marketing," "link referral code," "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," or unsolicited advertisements of a commercial nature;
xiii.
that constitutes or contains any form of advertising or solicitation if (1) posted in areas or categories of the Platform which are not designated for such purposes.
or (2) e-mailed to OLX users who have requested not to be contacted about other services, products or commercial interests;
xiv.
that includes links to commercial services or Third Party Websites, except as specifically allowed by OLX;
xv.
that advertises any illegal services or the sale of any items the sale of which is prohibited or restricted by applicable law, including without limitation items the sale of which is prohibited or regulated by applicable law;
xvi.
that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment or any other computer resource;
xvii.
that disrupts the normal flow of dialogue with an excessive number of messages (flooding attack) to the Service, or that otherwise negatively affects other users' ability to use the Service.
or
xviii.
that employs misleading email addresses, or forged headers or otherwise manipulated identifiers in order to disguise the origin of Content transmitted through the Service.



Additionally, you agree not to:



xix.
contact anyone who has asked not to be contacted, or makes unsolicited contact with anyone for any commercial purpose, specifically, contact any user to post an advertisement on a third party website or post any advertisement on behalf of such user.
or to "stalk" or otherwise harass anyone;
xx.
make any libelous or defamatory comments or postings to or against anyone;
xxi.
collect personal data about other users or entities for commercial or unlawful purposes;
xxii.
use automated means, including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools, or the like to download or scrape data from the Service, except for internet search engines (e.g, Google) and non-commercial public archives (e.g.
archive.org) that comply with our robots.txt file;
xxiii.
post Content that is outside the local area or not relevant to the local area, repeatedly post the same or similar Content, or otherwise impose unreasonable or disproportionately large loads on our servers and other infrastructure;
xxiv.
post the same item or service in multiple classified categories or forums, or in multiple metropolitan areas;
xxv.
attempt to gain unauthorized access to computer systems owned or controlled by OLX or engage in any activity that disrupts, diminishes the quality of, interferes with the performance of, or impairs the functionality of, the Service or the Platform.
xxvi.
use any form of automated device or computer program (sometimes referred to as "flagging tools") that enables the use of OLX's "flagging system" or other community control systems without each flag being manually entered by a human that initiates the flag (an "automated flagging device"), or use any such flagging tool to remove posts of competitors, other third parties or to remove posts without a reasonable good faith belief that the post being flagged violates these Terms or any applicable law or regulation.
xxvii.
use any automated device or software that enables the submission of automatic postings on OLX without human intervention or authorship (an "automated posting device"), including without limitation, the use of any such automated posting device in connection with bulk postings, or for automatic submission of postings at certain times or intervals.
or
xxviii.
Any Content uploaded by you shall be subject to relevant laws and may disabled, or and may be subject to investigation under appropriate laws.
Furthermore, if you are found to be in non-compliance with the laws and regulations, these terms, or the privacy policy of the Site, we may terminate your account/block your access to the Site and we reserve the right to remove any non-compliant Content uploaded by you.


 &nbsp;&nbsp;iv.
PAID SERVICESGo to top
Updated on: [04/02/2019]
We may charge a fee to post content in or utilize some areas of the Service (“Paid
Services”).
OLX has authorised OLX India Private Limited, an Indian company (CIN: U74900HR2009PTC053732) having its registered office at Ground Floor, Tower No.3A, DLF Corporate Park, DLF City, Phase-III, M.G.
Road, Gurgaon, Haryana – 122002 (“OLX India” or “we” or “us”) to sell such Paid Services to its users.
By posting Paid Services on the Website you enter into an agreement with OLX India, the terms of which are set out herein.
Provisions of the Terms relating to the Content shall also be applicable to Paid Services.
Further, you continue to be bound by the Terms in connection with your use of the Website and the Services.
Currently, we offer the following kinds of features for Paid Services.
Only some of these features may be made available to you by us, depending on your usage, category, geographical location and medium of purchase.
The terms of Paid Services and the relationship between you and OLX India shall be governed by the laws of India.
Any claim you may have against OLX India must be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction the courts of New Delhi.
We reserve the right to modify the price at which these features are made available to you:


Featured Ads


Featured Ads is a feature that enables the display of your advertisement in a designated area of the Website and/or in a highlighted manner (depending on the platform the content is being viewed), so as to distinguish it from other content posted on the Website.
In the designated area of the Website pertaining to Featured Ads, Features Ads are listed in a sequential manner.
Therefore, it is possible that a particular Featured Ad is not visible to you each time you browse through the Website.
This feature has been provided to enable users to draw attention to their advertisements and increase the likelihood of receiving responses from potential buyers.
We do not guarantee an increase of a specified quantum in the responses received by you and any representation on the Website in this regard is merely indicative.
The duration for which your Ad will be displayed as a Featured Ad shall be the number of days specified at the time of purchasing the feature or 30 days from the original date of posting the Content on the Website, whichever is earlier.
There is no limit on the volume of Featured Ads you may post on the Website.
You can purchase a single Featured ad or can avail bulk packages (“Featured ads package”) based on your requirement and such packages may be provided to you on a discounted price as mentioned on the Website.
OLX reserves the right to limit the extent and manner in which Featured Ads may be edited by you.


Boost to Top


Boost to Top is a feature that bumps your advertisement to the top of the listing space in the city-specific category in which the advertisement has been posted.
Your ad will remain in that spot until new advertisements are posted in that category, at which point it will move down accordingly in the listing space.
This feature has been provided to enable users to draw attention to their live advertisements and increase the likelihood of receiving responses from potential buyers.
We do not guarantee an increase of a specified quantum in the responses received by you and any representation on the Website in this regard is merely indicative.
Boost to Top can be availed for an already posted ad, however, it does not increase the validity of an ad which currently in 30 days from the posting date.&nbsp;


Auto Boost


Auto Boost is a feature similar to our “Boost to Top” feature (refer above) that bumps your advertisement to the top of the listing space in the city-specific category in which the advertisement has been posted, just that Auto Boost does this automatically at defined intervals.
OLX India shall have the sole discretion to determine the frequency of such intervals for bumping of the advertisement that may differ across categories, usage, and geographical location.
This feature has been provided to enable users to draw attention to their live advertisements and increase the likelihood of receiving responses from potential buyers – all on a continuing basis with the convenience of our systems boosting your advertisement on top, during its validity, at a defined periodicity.
We do not guarantee an increase of a specified quantum in the responses received by you and any representation on the Website in this regard is merely indicative.
Auto Boost can be availed for an already posted ad, however, it does not increase the validity of an ad which currently is 30 days from the posting date.


Paid Ads


Paid ad is a feature, which enables you to post ads even after you have exhausted your free limits in a category.
Free limit defines the number of advertisements that you can post for free in each category within a defined periodicity and this limit may differ across categories, usage, and geographical location.
For instance, if you have posted 3 advertisements in a category in the last 30 days and the free limit is 3 advertisements per month for such category, you will not be allowed to post a free advertisement after you have posted your third advertisement.
All advertisements posted by you through your account will be counted towards free limits.
Any subsequent change of phone number after posting an ad, will not affect the available limits.
You can either purchase a single Paid ad or can avail bulk packages (“Paid ads package”) based on your requirement which shall be provided to you on a discounted price as mentioned on the Website.
&nbsp;
Validity of Paid ads:

Limited Paid ads package – In Limited Paid ads package, you can post a limited number of ads during the validity of the package.
Paid ads in this package shall each be valid for 30 days from the date of posting regardless of when it is posted by you during the life of the Limited Paid ads package.
Unlimited Paid ads package – In Unlimited Paid ads package, you can post unlimited ads during the validity of the package.
Regardless of when you post an advertisement during the life of the package, the advertisement will only remain valid during the validity of the package.

&nbsp;

Payment for Paid Services

Upon selecting any feature of Paid Services, you may be redirected to a third-party payment processing site such as PayU offering payment through various channels such as net banking, debit card and credit card (“Payment
Gateway”).
OLX may offer you a right to pay through cash or other channels such as cash collection.
You agree that Paid Services will be made available to you only upon receipt of payment confirmation from the Payment Gateway or collection agencies.
Upon making payment to us, through any medium whatsoever, you warrant to us that you are entitled to use the medium or otherwise make the payment to us under applicable law.
You have the ability to provide us your Goods and Services Tax Identification Number (GSTIN) on the platform.
Your GSTIN details are mandatory for passing on the credit of GST charged.
In case you fail to provide us with your GSTIN details, we will assume that you are not registered with the GST authorities, without independently verifying your registration status.
Unless otherwise mentioned on the Website, prices indicated are inclusive of applicable taxes.
&nbsp;

Refunds/Cancellation

If you choose to delete or deactivate any Paid Services prior to the period for which it is active, we will not be liable to refund you for any unutilized time.
In the event you are not able to avail the Paid Services on the Website on account of any technical reasons, on receipt of payment confirmation, equivalent units of the paid feature against the ad units you were not able to post shall be credited to your account.
For example, if you buy a package of 3 Featured Ad units out of which you have consumed only 2 units and were unable to post the remaining 1 ad unit as a Featured Ad on account of a technical glitch during the lifetime of the package validity, you will be credited only 1 unit of Featured Ad to your account.
The above refund policy shall not be applicable in the event any content in your advertisement is found to be violating the Terms or there has been any abuse reported in relation to your advertisement or your advertisement is deleted or not re-posted on the Website on account of any technical reasons due to any subsequent editing done by you. &nbsp;&nbsp;v.
POSTING AGENTSGo to top
As used herein, the term "Posting Agent" refers to a third-party agent, service or intermediary that offers to post Content to the Service on behalf of others.
OLX prohibits the use of Posting Agents, directly or indirectly, without the express written permission of OLX.
In addition, Posting Agents are not permitted to post Content on behalf of others, directly or indirectly, or otherwise access the Service in order to post Content on behalf of others, except with express written permission or license from OLX. &nbsp;&nbsp;vi.
ACCESS TO THE SERVICEGo to top
OLX grants you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive license to access and use the Service for personal use.
This license granted herein does not include any of the following: (a) access to or use of the Service by Posting Agents.
or (b) any collection, aggregation, copying, duplication, display or derivative use of the Service nor any use of data mining, robots, spiders, or similar data gathering and extraction tools for any purpose unless expressly permitted by OLX or as otherwise set forth in these Terms.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, general purpose internet search engines and non-commercial public archives that gather information for the sole purpose of displaying hyperlinks to the Service, provided they each do so from a stable IP address or range of IP addresses using an easily identifiable agent and comply with our robots.txt file, may engage in the activities set forth in (b).
For purposes of this exception, a "general purpose internet search engine" does not include a website or search engine or other services that specializes in classified listings including any subset of classifieds listings such as housing, for sale, jobs, services, or personals, or which otherwise provides classified ad listing services.
The license set forth in this Section permits you to display on your website, or create a hyperlink thereto, individual postings on the Service so long as such use is for non-commercial and/or news reporting purposes only (e.g., for use in personal blogs or other personal online media).
If the total number of such postings displayed on or linked to your website exceeds limits set by OLX, your use will be considered to be in violation of these Terms, unless OLX expressly grants you permission otherwise.
You are also permitted to create a hyperlink to the home page of the Platform so long as the link does not portray OLX, its employees, affiliates or agents in a false, confusing, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter.
Use of the Service beyond the scope of authorized access as set forth in these Terms immediately terminates any permission or license granted herein.
In order to collect, aggregate, copy, duplicate, display or make derivative use of the Service or any Content made available via the Service for other purposes (including commercial purposes) not stated herein, you must first obtain a license from OLX. &nbsp;&nbsp;vii.
NOTIFICATION OF CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENTSGo to top
OLX is not liable for any infringement of intellectual property rights arising out of materials posted on or transmitted through the site, or items advertised on the site, by end users or any other third parties.
If you are an owner of intellectual property rights or an agent who is fully authorized to act on behalf of the owner of intellectual property rights and believe that any Content or other content infringes upon your intellectual property right or intellectual property right of the owner on whose behalf you are authorized to act, you may submit a notification to OLX together with a request to OLX to delete the relevant Content in good faith in the claims of infringement form available&nbsp;here. &nbsp;&nbsp;viii.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTSGo to top
You acknowledge and agree that the materials on the Platform, other than the User Content that you licensed under Section ii(C) of the Terms, including without limitation, the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, interactive features and the like ("Materials") and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein ("Marks"), are owned by or licensed to OLX, and are subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under Dutch laws, foreign laws and international treaties and/or conventions.
In connection with the Services, the Platform may display certain trademarks belonging to third parties.
Use of these trademarks may be subject to the license granted by third parties to OLX.
You shall, in no event, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble such trademarks and nothing herein shall be construed to grant you any right in relation to such trademarks.
Materials on the Platform are provided to you AS IS for your information and personal use only and may not be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without the prior written consent of the respective owners.
OLX reserves all rights not expressly granted herein to the Platform and the Materials.
You agree to not engage in the use, copying, or distribution of any of the Materials other than as expressly permitted herein, including any use, copying, or distribution of Materials of third parties obtained through the Platform for any commercial purposes.
If you download or print a copy of the Materials for personal use, you must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein.
You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Platform or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Materials or enforce limitations on use of the Platform or the Materials therein.
The Service is protected to the maximum extent permitted by copyright laws, other laws, and international treaties and/or conventions.
The content displayed on or through the Service is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to copyrights laws, other laws, and international conventions.
Any reproduction, modification, creation of derivative works from or redistribution of the Platform, the Materials, or the collective work or compilation is expressly prohibited.
Copying or reproducing the Platform, the Materials, or any portion thereof to any other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution is expressly prohibited.
You further agree not to reproduce, duplicate or copy Content or Materials from the Service, and agree to abide by any and all copyright notices and other notices displayed on the Service.
You may not decompile or disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to discover any source code contained in the Service.
Without limiting the foregoing, you agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any aspect of the Service.
OLX is a service mark registered with the U.S.
Patent and Trademark Office, the EU-wide patent and trademark authorities and in various other jurisdictions. &nbsp;&nbsp;ix.
USER SUBMISSIONESGo to top
You understand that when using the Platform, you will be exposed to Content from a variety of sources and that OLX is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such Content, and you agree and assume all liability for your use.
You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to Content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, defamatory or libelous and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against OLX with respect thereto. &nbsp;&nbsp;x.
INDEMNITYGo to top
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless OLX, its officers, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, directors, officers, agents, service providers, suppliers and employees, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys' fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Platform and/or the Service.
(ii) your violation of any term of these Terms.
(iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, trademark, trade secret or other property, or privacy right.
or (iv) any claim that your Content caused damage to a third party.
This defense and indemnification obligation will survive termination, modification or expiration of these Terms and your use of the Service and the Platform. &nbsp;&nbsp;xi.
NO SPAM POLICYGo to top
You understand and agree that sending unsolicited email advertisements or other unsolicited communications to OLX email addresses or through OLX computer systems are expressly prohibited by these Terms.
You acknowledge and agree that from time to time OLX may monitor email usage using human monitors or automated software to flag certain words associated with spam or scams in emails that are sent between one user to another in the OLX email system.
Any communication between yourself and any other user utilizing the communication features available on the Service and the Platform may be used only in accordance with the Terms.
Any unauthorized use of OLX computer systems is a violation of these Terms and certain applicable laws.
Such violations may subject the sender and his or her agents to civil and criminal penalties. &nbsp;&nbsp;xii.
DEALINGS WITH ORGANIZATIONS AND INDIVIDUALSGo to top
You acknowledge and agree that OLX shall not be liable for your interactions with any organizations and/or individuals on the Platform or through the Service.
This includes, but is not limited to, payment and delivery of goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with any interaction you may have with other organizations and/or individuals.
These dealings are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals.
You agree and acknowledge that OLX shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or interactions.
If there is a dispute between participants on the Platform, or between users and any third party, you understand and agree that OLX is under no obligation to become involved in such dispute.
In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you hereby release OLX, its officers, employees, agents and successors from any and all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our Service. &nbsp;&nbsp;xiii.
LIMITATION AND TERMINATION OF SERVICEGo to top
You acknowledge and agree that OLX may establish limits from time to time concerning use of the Service, including among others, the maximum number of days that Content will be maintained or retained by the Service, the maximum number and size of postings, e-mail messages, or other Content that may be transmitted or stored by the Service, and the frequency and the manner in which you may access the Service or the Platform.
You acknowledge that your account is identified and linked through your mobile number, Facebook account or email address through which you have registered.
In the event you have more than one account linked through your mobile number, Facebook account or email address, OLX reserves the right to remove or restrict the usage of such duplicate accounts.
You acknowledge and agree that OLX has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any Content maintained or transmitted by the Platform or the Service.
You acknowledge and agree that OLX reserves the right at any time to modify, limit or discontinue the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice and that OLX shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
You acknowledge and agree that OLX, in its sole and absolute discretion, has the right (but not the obligation) to delete or deactivate your account, block your e-mail or IP address, or otherwise terminate your access to or use of the Service (or any part thereof), immediately and without notice, and remove and discard any Content within the Service, for any reason or no reason at all, including, without limitation, if OLX believes that you have violated these Terms.
Further, you agree that OLX shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the Platform or the Service.
Further, you agree not to attempt to use the Service after any such termination. &nbsp;&nbsp;xiv.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIESGo to top
YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE PLATFORM AND THE SERVICE IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THAT THE PLATFORM AND THE SERVICE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" OR "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.
ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW OLX, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE PLATFORM AND YOUR USE THEREOF.
OLX MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE PLATFORM'S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITES LINKED TO THE PLATFORM AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE PLATFORM AND SERVICE, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE PLATFORM, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE PLATFORM BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, COMMUNICATED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE PLATFORM OR THE SERVICE.
OLX DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE PLATFORM OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND OLX WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND/OR OTHER USERS AND/OR THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE. &nbsp;&nbsp;xv.
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITYGo to top
IN NO EVENT SHALL OLX, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (EVEN IF OLX HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM ANY ASPECT OF YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM OR THE SERVICE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WHETHER THE DAMAGES ARISE FROM USE OR MISUSE OF THE PLATFORM OR THE SERVICE, FROM INABILITY TO USE THE PLATFORM OR THE SERVICE, OR THE INTERRUPTION, SUSPENSION, MODIFICATION, ALTERATION, OR TERMINATION OF THE PLATFORM OR THE SERVICE.
SUCH LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL ALSO APPLY WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES INCURRED BY REASON OF OTHER SERVICES OR PRODUCTS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED IN CONNECTION WITH THE PLATFORM OR THE SERVICE OR ANY LINKS ON THE PLATFORM, AS WELL AS BY REASON OF ANY INFORMATION, OPINIONS OR ADVICE RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED IN CONNECTION WITH THE PLATFORM OR THE SERVICE OR ANY LINKS ON THE OLX SITE.
THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT OLX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR USER SUBMISSIONS OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY USER OR THIRD PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.&nbsp;THE PLATFORM IS CONTROLLED AND OFFERED BY OLX.
OLX MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT THE PLATFORM IS APPROPRIATE FOR USE IN OTHER LOCATIONS.
THOSE WHO ACCESS OR USE THE PLATFORM FROM OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO SO AT THEIR OWN VOLITION AND RISK AND ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR COMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL LAW.
 &nbsp;&nbsp;xvi.
ASSIGNMENTGo to top
These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by OLX without restriction.
Any assignment or transfer by you shall be null and void. &nbsp;&nbsp;xvii.
ABILITY TO ACCEPT TERMS OF SERVICEGo to top
This Platform is intended only for adults and that you are eligible to contract as per applicable laws.
If you are using/accessing this Platform as a representative of any person/entity, you acknowledge that you are legally authorized to represent that person/entity.
Minors, i.e.
users of under 18 years of age, are only allowed to access the Platform and use the Service, in the event of approval of their legal representatives or in the event that it concerns an act or a transaction that is usual and acceptable standard in civil life and practice.
You affirm that you are either at least 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms, and to abide by and comply with these Terms.
In any case, you affirm that you are over the age of 13, as the Platform is not intended for children under 13.
NOTICE TO CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13 AND THEIR PARENTS OR GUARDIANS If you are under the age of 13, YOU MUST NOT USE THIS PLATFORM.
Please do not send us your personal information, including your email addresses, name, and/or contact information.
If you want to contact us, you may only do so through your parent or legal guardian. &nbsp;&nbsp;xviii.
GENERAL INFORMATIONGo to top
These Terms and the other policies posted on the Platform constitute the complete and exclusive understanding and agreement between you and OLX and govern your use of the Service and the Platform superseding all prior understandings, proposals, agreements, negotiations, and discussions between the parties, whether written or oral.
The Terms and the relationship between you and OLX shall be governed by the laws of the Netherlands.
Any claim you may have against OLX must be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction the courts of Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
However, in the event that you are a consumer, it may be that consumer law requires that another law is applicable and that a claim may be submitted to another jurisdiction.
The failure of OLX to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid (including, without limitation, because such provision is inconsistent with the laws of another jurisdiction) or inapplicable, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision.
If any provision or provisions of these Terms is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of the Terms shall not in any way be affected or be impaired.
YOU AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION BROUGHT BY YOU AND ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND/OR THE PLATFORM MUST COMMENCE WITHIN A REASONABLE TIME AND IN ANY EVENT WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, EXCEPT THAT OLX MAY COMMENCE ANY SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS UNDER DUTCH LAW.
OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
These Terms shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon each party's successors and assigns. &nbsp;&nbsp;xix.
VIOLATION OF TERMS AND LIQUIDATED DAMAGESGo to top
Please report any violations of the Terms that you become aware of by contacting us using the link at the bottom of the OLX homepage at&nbsp;www.olx.in.
Any failure to act by OLX with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches by you or others.
You understand and agree that, because damages are often difficult or impossible to quantify, if actual damages cannot be reasonably calculated then you will be liable to pay OLX the following as liquidated damages (and not a penalty):



a.
If OLX establishes any limits on the frequency with which you may access the Service, or terminates your access to or use of the Service, you agree to pay OLX ninety nine euros (€99) for (i) each message posted in excess of such limits or (ii) for each day on which you access OLX in excess of such limits, whichever is higher.
b.
If you are a Posting Agent that uses the Service in violation of these Terms, in addition to any liquidated damages under Section xx(e) below you agree to pay OLX ninety-nine euros (€99) for each and every item you post in violation of these Terms.
A Posting Agent will also be deemed an agent of the party engaging the Posting Agent to access the Service, and such party (by engaging the Posting Agent in violation of these Terms) agrees to pay OLX an additional ninety-nine euros (€99) for each item posted by the Posting Agent on behalf of such party in violation of these Terms.
d.
If you use OLX e-mail addresses or computer systems to send unsolicited e-mail advertisements to OLX e-mail addresses or any other party, you agree to pay OLX thirty euros (€30) for each such e-mail.
e.
If you post messages in violation of these Terms, other than as described above, you agree to pay OLX ninety-nine euros (€99) for each such message.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, OLX may, in its sole and absolute discretion, issue a warning before assessing damages pursuant to this Section xx(e).
f.
If you aggregate, copy, display, mirror, reproduce, or otherwise exploit for any purpose any Content (except for your own Content) in violation of these Terms without OLX's express written permission, you agree to pay OLX ten thousand euros (€10,000) for each day on which you engage in such conduct.



If none of the foregoing clauses (a) – (f) are applicable, you agree to pay OLX’s actual damages, to the extent such actual damages can be reasonably calculated.
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms, OLX retains the right to seek equitable remedies, including without limitation, specific performance of any term contained in these Terms, or a preliminary or permanent injunction against the breach or threatened breach of any such term or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in these Terms, or any combination thereof, without the necessity of posting a bond.
&nbsp;&nbsp;xx.
PRIVACY POLICYGo to top



A.
European standards / Personal Data Protection Act
OLX is responsible for the collection, use, and retention of personal information in the sense of the Dutch Personal Data Protection Act and thus in accordance with European standards.


B.
Type of Information Collected:
When you visit the Platform, we may collect certain non-personal information such as your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, operating system, browser type, and Internet service provider.
This type of information does not identify you personally.
When you register with the Platform, we may also collect personal information that you provide such as your name, mailing address, email address, phone/mobile number, home country, zip code, and certain other information in event you log in via Facebook depending on your privacy settings including but not limited to your name, email address, profile picture, list of friends, education etc.
("Registration Information").
You have the option of also providing to us your fax numbers, gender, age, and/or company name if you choose to register with OLX.
If you provide your phone number, it may be displayed in your posting.
Further, if you have provided your phone number and posted an advertisement using your account, you agree to receive communications on the provided phone number from our side which may include but not be limited to automated calls or text messages.
The communication may require you to confirm and verify that your account has been used to post the relevant advertisement on the Platform.
We may also collect additional information that our users provide, such as new or deleted postings, new or deleted comments, keyword searches, scam reports and new contact sellers.
We use a third-party payment gateway for purchases, and other third-party companies to monitor site traffic, which may, in some instances, store your information (see Section xxi(D) below).
By using this Platform or the Service, you consent to the collection, storage, and use of the personal information you provide for any of the services that we offer, and you consent to our collection of any changes or updates that you may provide to any information you provide that is collected by OLX.
By using this Platform, you consent to share your geolocation data in order to publish information/advertisements of advertisements offered by users close to your location and vice-versa.


C.
Cookies
We may use cookies to manage our users’ sessions and to store preferences, tracking information, and language selection.
Cookies may be used whether you register with us or not.
"Cookies" are small text files transferred by a web server to your hard drive and thereafter stored on your computer.
The types of information a cookie collects include the date and time you visited, your browsing history, your preferences, and your username.
In some instances, our third-party service providers may use cookies on the Platform.
We cannot control or access cookies used by third-party service providers.
This Privacy Policy covers only Cookies used by us, and not any cookies used by third parties.
You have the ability to either accept or decline the use of cookies on your computer, whether you are registered with us or not.
Typically, you can configure your browser to not accept cookies.
However, declining the use of cookies may limit your access to certain features of the Platform.
For example, you may have difficulty logging in or using certain interactive features of the Platform, such as the OLX Forum or Comments feature.


D.
Third Parties
We use third-party service providers to assist us in measuring purchases and sales on our Platform and generally improving our Platform and to monitor our users’ interests and activities.
You hereby authorise OLX and/or third party service providers engaged by OLX to collect, use, store, analyse, reproduce, publish, and adapt (either on its own or through third party service provider) the information in relation to your use of the Platform for the purpose of data analysis and for improving your experience on the Platform.
In addition, the Platform may occasionally contain links to Third-Party Sites or provide you with information in relation to services that you may avail from any third parties.
Information about services that you may choose to avail from these third party service providers may be actively provided to you by OLX in any manner including through its various marketing and communication channels.
You acknowledge that this is solely undertaken by OLX to improve your experience in relation to the use of the Platform and the provision of such services shall be subject to such additional terms and conditions of OLX and/or third-party service providers.
OLX may also offer for free or for a fee, deliverables produced by third-party service providers in furtherance of any services that you may have availed from these third party service providers in connection with the advertisement posted on the Platform, without any obligation (monetary or otherwise) towards you.
OLX shall not be responsible for any service availed by you from such third parties or any payment made by you to such third parties in connection with the services.
Any concern or claims in relation to such services should be directed by you to such third parties.
If you click on the links to Third-Party Websites, you leave the Platform.
We are not responsible for the content of these Third- Party Websites or for the security of your personal information when you use the Third Party Websites.
These third-party service providers and Third-Party Sites may have their own privacy policies governing the storage and retention of your personal information that you may be subject to.
They may collect information such as your IP address, browser specification, or operating system.
This Privacy Policy does not govern personal information provided to, stored on, or used by these third-party providers and Third-Party Sites.
We recommend that when you enter a Third-Party Site, you review the Third Party Site’s privacy policy as it relates to safeguarding your personal information.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Platform.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to the Platform and Third-Party Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
On the Platform, Google, as a third-party vendor, uses Cookies to serve ads.
Google’s use of the DoubleClick DART Cookie enables it to serve ads to the Platform’s users based on their visit to the Platform and Third-Party Websites.
For more information on the DART Cookie see:&nbsp;http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
You may opt out of the use of the DART Cookie by Google by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network Privacy Policy at:&nbsp;http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
You may opt out of targeting advertising for all NAI member ad networks by visiting:&nbsp;http://www.networkadvertising.org/.
By publishing an ad on the Platform, you acknowledge and agree that the Content is public and accessible by any third party and that they may appear in search engine results (such as Yahoo!, MSN, Google, Altavista, and other search engines) and in the cache of those search engines, in feeds and Third-Party Websites pursuant to co-branding agreements, and that it is the sole responsibility of each of those search engines, Third-Party Websites or RSS web feed resources to update and/or to remove Content from their indexes and their cache.
You agree and acknowledge that OLX is not liable for the information published in search results or by any Third-Party Website that carries OLX postings.


E.
How Your Information is Used
We may use information provided by you to: (i) enforce our Terms of Use, monitor user activity, such as keyword searches or new postings, and more effectively manage traffic on the Platform.
(ii) provide customer services, create and manage user accounts.
and (iii) assist you with technical difficulties.
Also, we may share with third- party service providers certain information, such as your browser capabilities or operating system, that we have collected in order to better understand which advertisements and services may interest you.
We may block users located in certain countries from using the Platform.
We may retain such information for as long as is required to fulfill our business objective, even after your account is terminated.


F.
Protecting Your Personal Information
You are a valued customer, and we recognize that protecting your privacy is important to you.
For this reason, we are committed to protecting the personal information you provide in a variety of ways.
We do not directly process any payments and do not store your credit card information.
Secured socket layer ("SSL") technology is used for processing payment transactions with third-party service provider partners, such as PayU, PayPal, and DineroMail.
Your Registration Information may be protected by a unique customer password and user ID.
You should not disclose your password information to anyone and you should always remember to log off if using a shared computer.
Lastly, you may utilize the Platform as an anonymous user by not registering.
We have taken certain security protections in safeguarding your personal information.
However, as with most electronic transactions, no method is 100% safe.
While we strive to use a commercially acceptable means to protect the personal information you provide, we cannot guarantee its security.
Therefore, you acknowledge and agree that we assume no liability regarding the theft, loss, alteration or misuse of personal or other information or Content, including, without limitation, such information that has been provided to third parties or other users, or with regards to the failure of a third party to abide by the agreement between us and such third party.
You may participate in our Forum or utilize our Comments feature.
For postings to the Forum, your username will be posted.
For postings using the Comments feature, your name and email will only be posted if you provide it in the comment.
We strongly discourage posting any information on these features or in any Content posted by you that you do not want others to see.
You agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password, and all uses of your account, whether or not you have authorized such use.


G.
Accessing and Modifying Personal Information and Communication Preferences
You may access, remove, review, and/or make changes to personal information that you have provided to us&nbsp;via the Contact Support form.
You need not to register in order to post or respond to advertisements on the Platform.
If you register or respond to advertisements or posts on the Platform or post any content on the Platform, we may send you certain notifications, advertisements, promotions, surveys, text messages, specials and phone calls in relation to the Services..
We may also send you any legally required notifications and certain notifications, including but not limited to, service-related notices or notices regarding a change to any of our policies.
For example, we may send you a notice regarding server problems or scheduled maintenance to the Platform.
In order to opt-out of receiving these notices, you may need to deactivate your account.
You can opt out of certain e-mail communications from us, including our newsletters, advice on buying and selling on the Platform, notifications that a user has commented on your posting, and notifications that you can refresh your posting.
We will not change your preferences without your consent.
You cannot opt out of receiving transactional communications from OLX related to your account.


H.
Disclosures
On rare occasions, we may be required to disclose your personal information due to legal or regulatory requirements.
In such instances, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required in order to comply with our legal obligations, including but not limited to complying with court orders, warrants, subpoenas, service of process requirements, or discovery requests.
We may also disclose information about our users to law enforcement officers or others, in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce these Terms and/or Privacy Policy.
respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties.
or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of OLX, our users or the general public.
or we are in notice of any criminal activity being conducted via the Platform.
You agree and acknowledge that we may not inform you prior to or after disclosures made according to this section.
If substantially all of our assets are sold or merged into another company, the acquiring company shall be given access to your personal information without your consent.
If we sell only a part of our business, the acquiring entity shall have access to your personal information without your consent and we may send you a notice regarding this sale.


I.
Notification of Changes
We reserve the right to change these Terms from time to time, and at our sole discretion.
We may send you a notice regarding material changes to these Terms, including the Privacy Policy or the Platform.
You should make note of the "last updated date" at the beginning of the Terms.
With this information, you should be able to identify if the Terms have been updated recently.


J.
Disputes
Any disputes regarding your privacy are subject to the Terms, including but not limited to any provisions related to indemnification, limitations on damages, and choice of law and forum.


K.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact OLX&nbsp;via the Contact Support form.



&nbsp;&nbsp;xxi.
GRIEVANCE OFFICERGo to top If you have any grievance with respect to the Platform or the Service, you can contact our grievance officer at:



Name: Sumitra Patnaik
i.
Designation: Head-Customer Support and Content Quality
ii.
Email:&nbsp;grievance-officer@olx.in


   
Policy on Cookies and Similar Technologies 

&nbsp;

PLEASE READ THIS POLICY ON COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHN
OLOGIES
 CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE OR APP&nbsp;

&nbsp;
Last updated on 11th Feb 2019
&nbsp;


What are cookies?


Cookies are small files that contain letters and numbers which may be placed on your device when you visit a website or use an app.
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our Platform by remembering your preferences.
For instance, on many e-commerce websites, if you add an item to an online shopping cart without completing the checkout process, the next time you visit the same website, you can still see the same item in the shopping cart.
This is an example of how cookies are used to remember your preferences.
Without using cookies your experience on our Platform will be less user-friendly.
For more information about cookies, see www.allaboutcookies.org.
&nbsp.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;


Why do we use cookies?


Cookies perform various functions including making navigation easier and storing your preferences to show you relevant content and enhance your general user experience.
We use cookies:

To manage your preferences and to enhance certain features on our Platform.
This may include collecting information about the date and time of your visit, your browsing history and your language preference.
To support our security measures and detect any fraudulent activities.
To analyse how our Platform is accessed or used and its performance.
We use this information to maintain, operate and continually improve our services.
To deliver advertisements relevant to you.
As cookies help us to regulate the advertisements you see and measure their effectiveness.

&nbsp;


What kind of cookies and other technologies do we use? 


Our Platform uses the following categories of cookies and technologies:


Persistent cookies – these cookies are stored in the browser of your device and are used whenever you visit our Platform.
These cookies help us in remembering your settings&nbsp;and preference(s), in order to make your next visit more convenient.
For instance,&nbsp;these cookies will ensure that you will not have to log in again.
It will also remember the language preference of the users on their next visit.

Session cookies – these are temporary cookies that remain in the cookies archive of your browser until you leave our Platform.
The information we receive using these cookies helps us to analyse web traffic patterns, enabling us to identify and troubleshoot problems and provide a better navigation experience.

Advertising cookies -&nbsp.
these cookies help us in providing relevant ads to you, in measuring the performance of the advertisers’ campaign by analysing your interaction with the advertiser’s ads.
For example, it helps us in determining the number of times users have clicked on advertiser’s ad and have visited the advertiser’s website.

&nbsp;
In addition, we use web beacons which are small graphic images (also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) on our Platform.
They are used together with cookies to identify our users and their behaviour.
Our Platform may contain links to third-party websites or applications, including those of our partners.
Please note those third-party websites may also use cookies.
We do not control those third-party websites and are not responsible for the cookies they set or access.
If you click on one of these links or apps, please note that each one will have its own cookies policy.
Therefore, please read the cookies policy of other Internet sites or apps before using them.
&nbsp;


Do we have third-party cookies or plug-ins on our Platform?


Third-parties such as advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis may use cookies, web beacons, software development kits (SDKs) or similar technologies to collect information about your visit to our Platform.
The information is used to provide you with more relevant advertising on our Platform or elsewhere on the Internet.
We do not have control over the use of these third-party cookies, which are governed by those third parties’ privacy/cookies policies.
Below are the third parties whom we allow to set cookies or other technologies on your device.

Analytics
Partners: In order to better understand how you use our platform, we work with various analytics partners.
We allow analytics partners such as Google and Facebook analytics to use cookies, SDKs and other related technologies.
For more information on how Google and Facebook use your data, please visit&nbsp;https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/partner-sites/, https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update.

Advertising 
partners: Our Advertising partners such as DoubleClick, Criteo, RTB House, Index Exchange, OpenX etc.
may use targeting and advertising cookies to serve ads they believe are most likely to be of interest to you and to measure the effectiveness of such ads on our Platform.

Third Party Plug-ins:
Our Platform also uses plug-ins of third parties in the form of a share button for Facebook, Twitter and Whatsapp.
With the help of this share button, you can share our ad listings on the third parties’ platform provided that you are logged into these third parties.
These third parties may be able to link your interaction with our platform to your account with them.
Therefore, please read these third-party privacy policies before clicking on the share button.
&nbsp;


What can you do to delete, disable or block cookies?


&nbsp;
Our browser will usually provide information on how to refuse, delete or block cookies.
The following links will take you to that information on some of the commonly used browsers:

Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari&nbsp.

Opera

You may opt out of third-party cookies from Google Analytics through its ads settings or through https://adssettings.google.com
You may opt out of interest-based targeting cookies set by participating ad servers through the following websites powered by the Digital Advertising Alliance:

http://youradchoices.com
http://www.youronlinechoices.com
http://optout.aboutads.info

In addition, you can change your mobile device settings to control whether you see interest-based advertisements.

Please note: If you choose to block the cookies we set on our Platform, you may not be able to access all or part of our services, for example, you may not be able to save customized settings such as login information.
&nbsp;   
Privacy Statement


Last updated on 11th Feb 2019.
Please find the previous version of your Privacy Statement here.


We care about your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data.
This privacy statement will inform you how we handle your personal data, your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
Please read this privacy statement carefully before using our Services.

Contents

1.
Who are we?
2.
What data do we collect about you?
3.
Why do we process your personal information?
4.
How will we inform you about changes in our privacy statement?
5.
Your right to request erasure
6.
Communication and marketing
7.
Who do we share your data with?
8.
Where do we store your data and for how long?
9.
Technical and organizational measures and processing security
10.
Links to third-party websites
&nbsp;
In this privacy statement:

Services mean any products, services, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications, and services offered to you by us.

Platform means the websites, mobile apps, mobile sites or other online properties through which we offer our Services.
&nbsp;
1.
Who are we?
OLX India Private Limited., a company incorporated and registered in India, is the data controller for the information you provide or is collected through this Platform.
&nbsp;
2.
What data do we collect about you?

a.
Data provided through direct interactions


Registration and other account information

When you register to use our Services we may collect the following information about you:

if you register using your Google account:&nbsp.
first name, last name and email address;
if you register using your Facebook account: we collect first name and last name as appeared on your Facebook account and Facebook IDs.
In the event you have provided permission to Facebook through their in-app privacy option (which appears just before you register on our Platform), we may collect your gender, age or email id depending on the permissions granted by you.
.
and
if you register using your mobile number we collect your mobile number.

Depending on the choices you make during the log-in to our Services or during the process of engaging our Services, you may opt to give the following additional personal data:

your name;
e-mail address;
mobile number;
your credit card details in case you want to purchase our paid services as defined in our Terms of Use.


Communication through the chat feature on our Platform

When you use our chat feature to communicate with other users, we collect information that you choose to provide to other users through this feature.

b.
Data we collect automatically
 when you use our Services

When you interact with our Platform or use our Services, we automatically collect the following information about you:

Device Information


We collect device-specific information such as operating system version, unique identifiers.
For example, the name of the mobile network that you are using.
We associate the device identifiers with your OLX account.


Location information 


Depending on your device permissions, if you post an item on our Platform, we automatically collect and process information about your actual location.
We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, Wi-Fi access points and mobile towers.
Your location data allows you to see user items near you and helps you in posting items within your location.
In case we need your location data we will first show you a pop-up which will ask you to choose to allow or not to allow us to access your location data.
If you do not allow us to have access to your location data, you will still be able to use our Services but with limited functionality.
If you do allow us to access your location data you can always change this later by going to the settings on our Website or App our Platform and disable the permissions related to location sharing.




Client and Log data


Technical details, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your device, time zone, and operating system.
We will also store your login information (registration date, date of last password change, date of last successful login), type and version of your browser.


Clickstream data


We collect information about your activity on our Platform which includes the sites from which you accessed our Platform, date and time stamp of each visit, searches you have performed, listings or advertisement banners you clicked, your interaction with such advertisements or listings, duration of your visit and the order in which you visit the content on our Platform.


Cookies and Similar Technologies


We use cookies to manage our users’ sessions, to store your preferences language selection and deliver you relevant advertisements.
"Cookies" are small text files transferred by a web server to the hard drive of your device.
Cookies may be used to collect the date and time of your visit, your browsing history, your preferences, and your username.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies.
If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our Services/Platform may become inaccessible or not function properly.
For more information on the cookies we use, please see our Policy on Cookies and Similar Technologies.


&nbsp;
3.
Why do we process your personal information?
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to.
Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:

Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests to improve our Services and to provide you with a safe and secure Platform.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.

In certain circumstances, we may also process your personal data based on your consent.
If we do this, we will let you know the purpose and the category of personal data to be processed at the time we seek your consent.
We have set out below a description of the ways we use your personal data, [and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so.
We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate].



For providing access and delivering Services through our Platform




If you log in using your mobile number or email id, we use your first name and last name, mobile number and/or e-mail address to identify you as a user and provide access to our Platform.
If you log in using your Facebook account, we use your first name and last name from your Facebook profile and the Facebook e-mail address to identify you as a user on our Platform and to provide you access to our Platform.
the above log-information data is also used by us to deliver our Services to you in accordance with our Terms of Use.
We use your e-mail address and mobile number (by SMS) to make suggestions and recommendations to you about our Services that may be of interest to you.

We process the above information for the adequate performance of our contract with you and on the basis of our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you Services that may be of your interest.



For improving your experience on the Platform and developing new functionalities of the Platform



We use clickstream data to

offer you tailored content, such as giving you more relevant search results when using our Services.
to determine how much time you spend on our Platform and in what manner you navigate through our Platform in order to understand your interests and to improve our Services based on this data.
For example, we may provide you with suggestions on content that you can visit based on the contents you have clicked.
to monitor and report the effectiveness of the campaign delivery to our business partners and for internal business analysis.

We use your location data for the following purposes:

to compile anonymous and aggregated information about the characteristics and behaviour of OLX users, including for the purposes of business analysis, segmentation and development of anonymous profiles.
to enhance the performance of our Services and to personalise the content we direct towards you.
For example - with the help of location data we display ad listings which are in your vicinity to improve your buying experience.
For this purpose, Google Maps is integrated into our Platform.
This means that both Google and we are responsible for the processing of your location data in the context of Google Maps.
In any case, we will not process your location data for any other purposes but those explained in this Privacy Statement.
However, Google might process such location data for their own purposes as explained in the Google Privacy Policy which can be reviewed here.
Your use of Google Maps through our Platform is subject to Google Maps’ Terms of Service.
to measure and monitor your interaction with the third-party advertisements banners we place on our Platform.

With the help of your log-in information which includes your email ID and phone number, we map the different devices (such as desktop, mobile, tablets) used by you to access our Platform.
This allows us to associate your activity on our Platform across devices and helps us in providing you a seamless experience no matter which device you use.
We process the above information on the basis of our legitimate interest to improve your experience on our Platform and for the adequate performance of our contract with you.



To provide you with a safe and secure Platform




We use your mobile number, log data and unique device identifiers to administer and protect our Platform (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, fraud prevention, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data).
We analyse your communications done through our chat feature for fraud prevention and to promote safety by blocking spam or abusive messages that may have been sent to you by any other user.

We process the above information for adequate performance of our contract with you, to improve our services and on the basis of our legitimate interest to prevent fraud.
&nbsp;
4.
How will we inform you about changes in our privacy statement?
We may amend this privacy statement from time to time.
We will post changes on this page and will let you know by e-mail or through our Platform.
If you do not agree with the changes, you may delete your account by going to account setting and select delete account.
&nbsp;
5.
Your right to request erasure
You have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data.
&nbsp;
6.
Communication and marketing
We will communicate with you by email, SMS or in app notification in connection with our Services/Platform to confirm your registration, to inform you in case your ad listing has become live/expired and for other transactional messages in relation to our Services.
As it is imperative for us to provide you such transactional messages you may not be able to opt -out of such messages.
You may receive marketing communications from us if you:

have requested such information from us;
use our Platform or Services;
provided us with your details when you entered a competition.
or
registered for a promotion.

&nbsp;
7.
Who do we share your data with?
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in section 3 above.

Corporate Affiliates: We may share your data with our group companies which are located within as well as outside India and help us in providing business operation services such as product enhancements, customer support and fraud detection mechanism

Third Party Service Providers:&nbsp.
We use third party service providers to help us deliver certain aspect of our Services for example, cloud storage facilities.
We conduct checks on our third-party service providers and require them to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
We do not allow them to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.

Advertising and analytics providers: In order to improve our Services, we will sometimes share your non-identifiable information with analytics providers that help us analyse how people are using our Platform/Service.
We, share your information with them in non-identifiable form for monitoring and reporting the effectiveness of the campaign delivery to our business partners and for internal business analysis.
For further details about our advertisers and analytics providers please refer to our Policy for Cookies and similar Technologies.


Law enforcement authorities, regulators and others: We may disclose your personal data to law enforcement authorities, regulators, governmental or public bodies and other relevant third parties to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements.
We may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them.
If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy statement.

Publicly available information: When you post an item for sale using our Services, you may choose to make certain personal information visible to other OLX users.
This may include your first name, last name, your email address, your location and your contact number.
Please note, any information you provide to other users can always be shared by them with others so please exercise discretion in this respect.
&nbsp;
8.
Where do we store your data and for how long?
The data we collect about you will be stored and processed in secure servers in order to provide the best possible user experience.
For example – for a fast website or mobile application build up.
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
&nbsp;
9.
Technical and organisational measures and processing security
All the information we receive about you are stored on secure servers and we have implemented technical and organisational measures that are suitable and necessary to protect your personal data.
OLX continually evaluates the security of its network and adequacy of its internal information security program which is designed to (a) help secure your data against accidental or unlawful loss, access or disclosure, (b) identify reasonably foreseeable risks to the security of the OLX network, and (c) minimize security risks, including through risk assessment and regular testing.
In addition, we ensure that all payment data are encrypted using SSL technology.
Please note, despite the measures we have implemented to protect your data, the transfer of data through the Internet or other open networks is never completely secure and there is a risk that your personal data may be accessed by unauthorized third parties.
&nbsp;
10.
Links to third-party websites
Our Platform may contain links to third party websites or apps.
If you click on one of these links, please note that each one will have its own privacy policy.
We do not control these websites/apps and are not responsible for those policies.
When you leave our Platform, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;  
PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THESE TERMS OF USE.
BY USING THIS WEBSITE YOU INDICATE YOUR UNDERSTANDING AND ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS YOU MAY NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.


ACCEPTANCE
OLX, Inc.
and its affiliates (OLX) provide a collection of online resources which include classified advertisements, forums, and certain e-mail services (collectively, the "Service") on the website www.olx.com and its affiliated sites (including without limitation www.mundoanuncio.com and www.edeng.cn) (collectively, the "Website") subject to these Terms of Use (these "Terms").
By using the Service, you agree to comply with these Terms.
Additionally, when using a portion of the Service, you agree to conform to any applicable posted guidelines for such Service, which may change from time to time.
You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for reviewing these Terms from time to time.
Should you object to any term or condition of these Terms, any guideline, or any subsequent changes thereto or become unhappy with OLX in any way, your only choice is to immediately discontinue use of OLX.
These Terms may be updated by OLX at any time at its sole discretion.
OLX may send you notices of changes to the Website or the Terms pursuant to Section 21(I) herein.
OLX may provide a translation of the English version of the Terms into other languages.
You understand and agree that any translation of the Terms into other languages is for your convenience only and that the English version governs the terms of your relationship with OLX.
Furthermore, if there are any inconsistencies between the English version of the Terms and any translation, the English version of the Terms shall govern.
You understand and agree that to the extent you are located in the United States, you will utilize the Service in compliance with any laws, regulations, and guidelines that may be under the jurisdiction of the Office of Foreign Asset Control, U.S.
Department of Treasury.


DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE AND CONTENT POLICY
A.
OLX is the next generation of free online classifieds.
We act as a venue to allow our users who comply with these Terms to offer, sell, and buy products and services listed on the Website.
Although you may be able to conduct payment and other transactions through the Website, using third-party vendors such as PayPal, OLX is not in any way in involved in such transactions.
As a result, and as discussed in more detail in these Terms, you hereby acknowledge and agree that OLX is not a party to such transactions, has no control over any element of such transactions, and shall have no liability to any party in connection with such transactions.
You use the Service and the Website at your own risk.
B.
You understand that OLX does not control, and is not responsible for ads, directory information, business listings/information, messages between users, including without limitation e-mails outside OLX’s e-mail system or other means of electronic communication, whether through the Website or another Third Party Website (defined below) or offerings, comments, user postings, files, images, photos, video, sounds, business listings/information and directory information or any other material made available through the Website and the Service ("Content"), and that by using the Website and the Service, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent, inaccurate, misleading, or otherwise objectionable.
You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for and must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, that you may not rely on said Content, and that under no circumstances will OLX be liable in any way for the Content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content listed, e-mailed or otherwise made available via the Service.
You acknowledge and agree that OLX does not pre-screen or approve any Content, but that OLX has the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to refuse, delete or move any Content that is or may be available through the Service, for violating these Terms or for any other reason or no reason at all.
Furthermore, the Website and Content available through the Website may contain links to other third party websites (“Third Party Websites”), which are completely unrelated to OLX.
If you link to Third Party Websites, you may be subject to those Third Party Websites’ terms and conditions and other policies.
OLX makes no representation or guarantee as to the accuracy or authenticity of the information contained in any such Third Party Website, and your linking to any other websites is completely at your own risk and OLX disclaims all liability thereto.
C.
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your own Content posted on, transmitted through, or linked from the Service and the consequences of posting, transmitting, linking or publishing it.
More specifically, you are solely responsible for all Content that you upload, email or otherwise make available via the Service.
In connection with such Content posted on, transmitted through, or linked from the Service by you, you affirm, acknowledge, represent, and warrant that: (i) you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use such Content on the Service and Website (including without limitation all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to any and all such Content) and authorize OLX to use such Content to enable inclusion and use of the Content in the manner contemplated by the Service, the Website and these Terms.
and (ii) you have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person or business in the Content to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person or business to enable inclusion and use of the Content in the manner contemplated by the Service, the Website and these Terms.
For clarity, you retain all of your ownership rights in your Content.
however, by submitting the Content to OLX, you hereby grant to OLX an irrevocable, non-cancellable, perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sub-licenseable, transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the Content in connection with the Website and OLX's (and its successors') business, including without limitation for the purpose of promoting and redistributing part or all of the Website and Content therein (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels now or hereafter known.
These rights are required by OLX in order to host and display your Content.
Furthermore, by you posting Content to any public area of the Service, you agree to and do hereby grant to OLX all rights necessary to prohibit or allow any subsequent aggregation, display, copying, duplication, reproduction, or exploitation of the Content on the Service or Website by any party for any purpose.
You also hereby grant each user of the Website a non-exclusive license to access your Content through the Website.
The foregoing license to each user granted by you terminates once you remove or delete such Content from the Website.
D.
OLX does not endorse any Content or any opinion, statement, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and OLX expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with user Content.
OLX does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on the Website, and OLX may, at its sole discretion, remove any infringing Content if properly notified that such Content infringes on another's intellectual property rights.
OLX reserves the right to remove any Content without prior notice.
OLX may also terminate a user's access to the Website, if they are determined to be a repeat infringer.
A repeat infringer is a user who has been notified of infringing activity more than twice and/or has had a user submission removed from the Website more than twice. Further, at its sole discretion, OLX reserves the right to decide whether any Content is appropriate and complies with these Terms for violations other than copyright infringement and violations of intellectual property law, such as, but not limited to, pornography, obscene, libelous, or defamatory material, or excessive length.
OLX may remove such Content and/or terminate a user's access for uploading such material in violation of these Terms at any time, without prior notice and at its sole discretion.
E.
OLX may provide a video service to you if you upload photographs for your ad.
By uploading your photographs, you irrevocably consent to the use of your photographs for this service and represent and warrant that you have all right, title and interest necessary to upload and use the photographs on this service.
Under this service, using a third party application or service, OLX may, at its discretion, create a video of your photographs, upload the video via www.youtube.com or another third party service provider, as determined by OLX at its discretion, and embed the video into your ad on OLX.


FEATURED ADS
OLX offers a service known as "Featured Ads" where users may pay a non-refundable fee to have their ads posted in selected locations on the Website, thus potentially increasing an ads' visibility.
In order to purchase a Featured Ad, you may be required to transmit certain information through a third party service provider, Click &amp.
Buy, a Third Party Website, which may be governed by its own terms of use and other policies.
OLX makes no representation or guarantee as to the safety or security of the information transmitted to any Third Party Website, and your linking to any Third Party Website is completely at your own risk, and OLX disclaims all liability related thereto.

Featured Ads are subject to the Terms listed herein, as well as additional terms of service, which can be viewed
here


CONDUCT
You agree not to post, email, or otherwise make available Content:

that violates any law;
that is copyrighted or patented, protected by trade secret or trademark, or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have
permission or a license from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant OLX all of the license rights granted herein;
that infringes any of the foregoing intellectual property rights of any party, or is Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships;
that violates the Fair Housing Act, as amended, including its implementing regulations and any Presidential Executive Order related thereto, by stating, in any notice or advertisements for the sale or rental of any dwelling not excluded by such Act, a discriminatory preference based sex, familial status or handicap, race, color, national origin, religion, (or violates any applicable state or local law prohibiting discrimination on the basis of aforementioned characteristics or any other characteristics);
that is harmful, abusive, unlawful, threatening, harassing, defamatory, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy or other rights, or harms or could harm minors in any way;
that harasses, degrades, intimidates or is hateful toward an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;
that violates any federal, state, or local equal employment laws, including but not limited to those prohibiting the stating, in any advertisement for employment, a preference or requirement based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability of the applicant.
that includes personal or identifying information about another person without that person's explicit consent;
that impersonates any person or entity, including, but not limited to, an OLX employee, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents an affiliation with a person or entity;
with respect to employers that employ four or more employees, that violates any applicable provision of the Immigration and Nationality Act, including without limitation requiring U.S.
citizenship or lawful permanent residency (green card status) as a condition for employment, unless otherwise required in order to comply with law, regulation, executive order, or federal, state, or local government contract.
that is false, deceptive, misleading, deceitful, misinformative, or constitutes "bait and switch" offer;
that constitutes or contains "pyramid schemes," "affiliate marketing," "link referral code," "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," or unsolicited advertisements of a commercial nature;
that constitutes or contains any form of advertising or solicitation if (1) posted in areas or categories of the Website which are not designated for such purposes.
or (2) e-mailed to OLX users who have requested not to be contacted about other services, products or commercial interests;
that includes links to commercial services or Third Party Websites, except as specifically allowed by OLX;
that advertises any illegal services or the sale of any items the sale of which is prohibited or restricted by applicable law, including without limitation items the sale of which is prohibited or regulated by New York law;
that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
that disrupts the normal flow of dialogue with an excessive number of messages (flooding attack) to the Service, or that otherwise negatively affects other users' ability to use the Service.
or
that employs misleading email addresses, or forged headers or otherwise manipulated identifiers in order to disguise the origin of Content transmitted through the Service.

Additionally, you agree not to:

contact anyone who has asked not to be contacted, or make unsolicited contact with anyone for any commercial purpose.
or to "stalk" or otherwise harass anyone;
make any libelous or defamatory comments or postings to or against anyone;
collect personal data about other users or entities for commercial or unlawful purposes;
use automated means, including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools, or the like to download or scrape data from the Service, except for internet search engines (e.g,.
Google) and non-commercial public archives (e.g.
archive.org) that comply with our robots.txt file;
post Content that is outside the local area or not relevant to the local area, repeatedly post the same or similar Content, or otherwise impose unreasonable or disproportionately large loads on our servers and other infrastructure;
post the same item or service in multiple classified categories or forums, or in multiple metropolitan areas;
attempt to gain unauthorized access to computer systems owned or controlled by OLX or engage in any activity that disrupts, diminishes the quality of, interferes with the performance of, or impairs the functionality of, the Service or the Website.
use any form of automated device or computer program (sometimes referred to as "flagging tools") that enables the use of OLX's "flagging system" or other community control systems without each flag being manually entered by a human that initiates the flag (an "automated flagging device"), or use any such flagging tool to remove posts of competitors, other third parties or to remove posts without a reasonable good faith belief that the post being flagged violates these Terms or any applicable law or regulation.
use any automated device or software that enables the submission of automatic postings on OLX without human intervention or authorship (an "automated posting device"), including without limitation, the use of any such automated posting device in connection with bulk postings, or for automatic submission of postings at certain times or intervals.
or



PAID POSTINGS
OLX may charge a fee to post Content in some areas of the Service.
The fee permits certain Content to be posted in a designated area of the Website.
Each party posting Content to the Service is responsible for said Content and compliance with the Terms.
Any such fees paid hereunder are non-refundable in the event any Content is removed from the Service for violating these Terms


POSTING AGENTS
As used herein, the term "Posting Agent" refers to a third-party agent, service, or intermediary that offers to post Content to the Service on behalf of others.
OLX prohibits the use of Posting Agents, directly or indirectly, without the express written permission of OLX In addition, Posting Agents are not permitted to post Content on behalf of others, directly or indirectly, or otherwise access the Service to in order to post Content on behalf of others, except with express written permission or license from OLX.


ACCESS TO THE SERVICE
OLX grants you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive license to access and use the Service for personal use.
This license granted herein does not include any of the following: (a) access to or use of the Service by Posting Agents.
or (b) any collection, aggregation, copying, duplication, display or derivative use of the Service nor any use of data mining, robots, spiders, or similar data gathering and extraction tools for any purpose unless expressly permitted by OLX or as otherwise set forth in these Terms.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, general purpose internet search engines and non-commercial public archives that gather information for the sole purpose of displaying hyperlinks to the Service, provided they each do so from a stable IP address or range of IP addresses using an easily identifiable agent and comply with our robots.txt file, may engage in the activities set forth in (b).
For purposes of this exception, a "general purpose internet search engine" does not include a website or search engine or other service that specializes in classified listings including any subset of classifieds listings such as housing, for sale, jobs, services, or personals, or which otherwise provides classified ad listing services.
The license set forth in this Section permits you to display on your website, or create a hyperlink thereto, individual postings on the Service so long as such use is for noncommercial and/or news reporting purposes only (e.g., for use in personal blogs or other personal online media).
If the total number of such postings displayed on or linked to your website exceeds ninety nine (99) postings, your use will be considered to be in violation of these Terms, unless OLX expressly grants you permission otherwise.
You are also permitted to create a hyperlink to the home page of the Website so long as the link does not portray OLX, its employees, affiliates or agents in a false, confusing, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter.
OLX may offer parts of the Service in RSS format for the purpose of embedding individual RSS feeds into a personal website or blog, or view postings through third party software news aggregators.
OLX permits you to display, excerpt from, and link to any such RSS feeds on your personal website or personal blow, provided that (a) your use of the RSS feed is for personal, non-commercial purposes only, (b) each title within an RSS feed is correctly linked back to the original post on the Service and redirects the user to the post when the user clicks on it, (c) you provide, in a conspicuous manner, proper attribution to 'OLX' as the source of the RSS feed, (d) your use or display of the RSS feed does not suggest that OLX promotes or endorses any third party causes, opinions, ideas, web sites, products or services, (e) you do not redistribute the RSS feed, and (f) your use does not overburden or otherwise slow the performance of OLX's systems.
OLX reserves all rights in and to the content of any RSS feeds provided through the Service and may terminate any RSS feed at any time without notice.
Use of the Service beyond the scope of authorized access as set forth in these Terms immediately terminates any permission or license granted herein.
In order to collect, aggregate, copy, duplicate, display or make derivative use of the Service or any Content made available via the Service for other purposes (including commercial
purposes) not stated herein, you must first obtain a license from OLX.



NOTIFICATION OF CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENTS
If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any user Content or other content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by providing our Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail):
1.A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
2.Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
3.Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit OLX to locate the material;
4.Information reasonably sufficient to permit OLX to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address;
5.A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and
6.A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
OLX's designated Copyright Agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement is: via the Legal Issues report form or OLX, S.A., Uriarte 2489 - 3rd Floor, Buenos Aires, Argentina, Attention: DMCA Complaint .
For clarity, only DMCA notices should go to the Copyright Agent.
any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications should be directed to OLX's customer service by clicking on the Contact Us link on the OLX website.
You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this Section 8, your DMCA notice may not be valid.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
You acknowledge and agree that the materials on the Website, other than the user Content that you licensed under Section 2(C) of the Terms, including without limitation, the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, interactive features and the like ("Materials") and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein ("Marks"), are owned by or licensed to OLX, and are subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under United States and foreign laws and international conventions.
Materials on the Website are provided to you AS IS for your information and personal use only and may not be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without the prior written consent of the respective owners.
OLX reserves all rights not expressly granted herein to the Website and the Materials.
You agree to not engage in the use, copying, or distribution of any of the Materials other than as expressly permitted herein, including any use, copying, or distribution of Materials of third parties obtained through the Website for any commercial purposes.
If you download or print a copy of the Materials for personal use, you must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein.
You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security related features of the Website or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Materials or enforce limitations on use of the Website or the Materials therein.
The Service is protected to the maximum extent permitted by copyright laws, other laws, and international treaties.
Content displayed on or through the Service is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation,
pursuant to copyrights laws, other laws, and international conventions.
Any reproduction, modification, creation of derivative works from or redistribution of the Website, the Materials, or the collective work or compilation is expressly prohibited.
Copying or reproducing the Website, the Materials, or any portion thereof to any other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution is expressly prohibited.
You further agree not to reproduce, duplicate or copy Content or Materials from the Service, and agree to abide by any and all copyright notices and other notices displayed on the Service.
You may not decompile or disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to discover any source code contained in the Service.
Without limiting the foregoing, you agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any aspect of the Service.
OLX is a service mark registered with the U.S.
Patent and Trademark Office and in various other jurisdictions.


USER SUBMISSIONS
You understand that when using the Website, you will be exposed to Content from a variety of sources, and that OLX is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such Content, and you agree and assume all liability for your use.
You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to Content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, defamatory or libelous and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against OLX with respect thereto.


INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless OLX, its officers, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, directors, officers, agents, service providers, suppliers and employees, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys' fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Website and/or the Service.
(ii) your violation of any term of these Terms.
(iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, trademark, trade secret or other property, or privacy right.
or (iv) any claim that your Content caused damage to a third party.
This defense and indemnification obligation will survive termination, modification or expiration of these Terms and your use of the Service and the Website.


NO SPAM POLICY
You understand and agree that sending unsolicited email advertisements or other unsolicited communications to OLX email addresses or through OLX computer systems are expressly prohibited by these Terms.
You acknowledge and agree that from time to time OLX may monitor email usage using human monitors or automated software to flag certain words associated with spam or scams in emails that are sent between one user to another in the OLX e mail system.
Any communication between yourself and any other user utilizing the communication features available on the Service and the Website may be used only in accordance with the Terms.
Any unauthorized use of OLX computer systems is a violation of these Terms and certain federal and state laws.
Such violations may subject the sender and his or her agents to civil and criminal penalties.


DEALINGS WITH ORGANIZATIONS AND INDIVIDUALS
You acknowledge and agree that OLX shall not be liable for your interactions with any organizations and/or individuals on the Website or through the Service.
This includes, but is not limited to, payment and delivery of goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with any interaction you may have with other organizations and/or individuals.
These dealings are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals.
You agree and acknowledge that OLX shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or interactions.
If there is a dispute between participants on the Website, or between users and any third party, you understand and agree that OLX is under no obligation to become involved in such dispute.
In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you hereby release OLX, its officers, employees, agents and successors from any and all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our Service.


LIMITATION AND TERMINATION OF SERVICE
You acknowledge and agree that OLX may establish limits from time to time concerning use of the Service, including among others, the maximum number of days that Content will be maintained or retained by the Service, the maximum number and size of postings, e-mail messages, or other Content that may be transmitted or stored by the Service, and the frequency with which you may access the Service or the Website.
You acknowledge and agree that OLX has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any Content maintained or transmitted by the Website or the Service.
You acknowledge and agree that OLX reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice, and that OLX shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
You acknowledge and agree that OLX, in its sole and absolute discretion, has the right (but not the obligation) to delete or deactivate your account, block your e-mail or IP address, or otherwise terminate your access to or use of the Service (or any part thereof), immediately and without notice, and remove and discard any Content within the Service, for any reason or no reason at all, including, without limitation, if OLX believes that you have violated these Terms.
Further, you agree that OLX shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the Website or the Service.
Further, you agree not to attempt to use the Service after any such termination.


DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE WEBSITE AND THE SERVICE IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THAT THE WEBSITE AND THE SERVICE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" OR "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.
ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW OLX, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE AND YOUR USE THEREOF.
OLX MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE WEBSITE'S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITES LINKED TO THE WEBSITE AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE WEBSITE AND SERVICE, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE WEBSITE, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, COMMUNICATED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICE.
OLX DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND OLX WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND/OR OTHER USERS AND/OR THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.



LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL OLX, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (EVEN IF OLX HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM ANY ASPECT OF YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WHETHER THE DAMAGES ARISE FROM USE OR MISUSE OF THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICE, FROM INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICE, OR THE INTERRUPTION, SUSPENSION, MODIFICATION, ALTERATION, OR TERMINATION OF THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICE.
SUCH LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL ALSO APPLY WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES INCURRED BY REASON OF OTHER SERVICES OR PRODUCTS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICE OR ANY LINKS ON THE WEBSITE, AS WELL AS BY REASON OF ANY INFORMATION, OPINIONS OR ADVICE RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICE OR ANY LINKS ON THE OLX SITE.
THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT OLX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR USER SUBMISSIONS OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY USER OR THIRD PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
The Website is controlled and offered by OLX from its facilities in the United States of America.
OLX makes no representations or warranties that the Website is appropriate for use in other locations.
Those who access or use the Website from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and risk and are responsible for compliance with local law.



ASSIGNMENT
These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by OLX without restriction.
Any assignment or transfer by you shall be null and void.


ABILITY TO ACCEPT TERMS OF SERVICE
This Website is intended only for adults.
You affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms, and to abide by and comply with these Terms.
In any case, you affirm that you are over the age of 13, as the Website is not intended for children under 13.


NOTICE TO CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13 AND THEIR PARENTS OR GUARDIANS



If you are under the age of 13, YOU MUST NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.
Please do not send us your personal information, including your email addresses, name, and/or contact information.
If you want to contact us, you may only do so through your parent or legal guardian.



GENERAL INFORMATION
These Terms and the other policies posted on the Website constitute the complete and exclusive understanding and agreement between you and OLX and govern your use of the Service and the Website superseding all prior understandings, proposals, agreements, negotiations, and discussions between the parties, whether written or oral.
The Terms and the relationship between you and OLX shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of law principles.
You and OLX agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the State of New York.
The failure of OLX to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid (including, without limitation, because such provision is inconsistent with the laws of another jurisdiction) or inapplicable, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision.
If any provision or provisions of these Terms is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of the Terms shall not in any way be affected or be impaired.
YOU AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION BROUGHT BY YOU AND ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND/OR THE WEBSITE MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, EXCEPT THAT OLX MAY COMMENCE ANY SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS UNDER NEW YORK LAW.
OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
These Terms shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon each party's successors and assigns.


VIOLATION OF TERMS AND LIQUIDATED DAMAGES
Please report any violations of the Terms that you become aware of by contacting us using the link at the bottom of the OLX homepage at www.olx.com.
Any failure to act by OLX with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches by you or others.
You understand and agree that, because damages are often difficult or impossible to quantify, if actual damages cannot be reasonably calculated then you will be liable to pay OLX the following as liquidated damages (and not a penalty):
a.
If OLX establishes any limits on the frequency with which you may access the Service, or terminates your access to or use of the Service, you agree to pay OLX ninety nine dollars ($99) for (i) each message posted in excess of such limits or (ii) for each day on which you access OLX in excess of such limits, whichever is higher.
b.
If you post a message that (1) impersonates any person or entity.
(2) falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity.
or (3) that includes personal or identifying information about another person without that person's explicit consent, you agree that OLX in its sole discretion may disclose identifying information about you to the victim, and that should OLX bring a claim against you in court, that you will pay OLX one thousand one hundred dollars ($1,100) for each such message.
c.
If you are a Posting Agent that uses the Service in violation of these Terms, in addition to any liquidated damages under Section 20(e) below you agree to pay OLX ninety nine dollars ($99) for each and every item you post in violation of these Terms.
A Posting Agent will also be deemed an agent of the party engaging the Posting Agent to access the Service, and such party (by engaging the Posting Agent in violation of these Terms) agrees to pay OLX an additional ninety nine dollars ($99) for each item posted by the Posting Agent on behalf of such party in violation of these Terms.
d.
If you use OLX e-mail addresses or computer systems to send unsolicited e-mail advertisements to OLX e-mail addresses or any other party, you agree to pay OLX thirty dollars ($30) for each such e-mail.
e.
If you post messages in violation of these Terms, other than as described above, you agree to pay OLX ninety nine dollars ($99) for each such message.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, OLX may, in its sole and absolute discretion, issue a warning before assessing damages pursuant to this Section 20(e).
f.
If you aggregate, copy, display, mirror, reproduce, or otherwise exploit for any purpose any Content (except for your own Content) in violation of these Terms without OLX's express written permission, you agree to pay OLX ten thousand dollars ($10,000) for each day on which you engage in such conduct.
If none of the foregoing clauses (a) – (f) are applicable, you agree to pay OLX’s actual damages, to the extent such actual damages can be reasonably calculated.
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms, OLX retains the right to seek equitable remedies, including without limitation, specific performance of any term contained in these Terms, or a preliminary or permanent injunction against the breach or threatened breach of any such term or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in these Terms, or any combination thereof, without the necessity of posting a bond.


PRIVACY POLICY

A.
Type of Information Collected:

When you visit the Website, we may collect certain non-personal information such as your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, operating system, browser type, and Internet service provider.
This type of information does not identify you personally.
When you register with the Website, we may also collect personal information that you provide such as your name, mailing address, email address, home country, and zip code (“Registration Information”).
You have the option of also providing to us your phone and fax numbers, gender, age, and/or company name if you choose to register with OLX.
If you provide your phone number, it will be displayed in your posting.
We may also collect additional information that our users provide, such as new or deleted postings, new or deleted comments, keyword searches, scam reports and new contact sellers.
We use a third-party credit card processing company for purchases, and other third party companies to monitor site traffic, which may, in some instances, store your information (see Section 21(D) below).
When you visit the Website and/or use the OLX mobile application, OLX may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to determine the city you are located within and display a location map with relevant advertisements.
OLX will not share your current location with other OLX users or partners.
If you do not want OLX to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should turn off the location services for the OLX application located in your OLX account settings or in your mobile phone settings.
By using this Website or the Service, you consent to collection, storage, and use of the personal information you provide for any of the Services that we offer, and you consent to our collection of any changes or updates that you may provide to any information you provide that is collected by OLX.


B.
Cookies

We may use cookies to manage our users’ sessions and to store preferences, tracking information, and language selection.
Cookies may be used whether you register with us or not.
“Cookies” are small text files transferred by a web server to your hard drive and thereafter stored on your computer.
The types of information a cookie collects include the date and time you visited, your browsing history, your preferences, and your username.
In some instances, our third-party service providers may use cookies on the Website.
We cannot control or access cookies used by third- party service providers.
This Privacy Policy covers only Cookies used by us, and not any cookies used by third parties.
You have the ability to either accept or decline the use of cookies on your computer, whether you are registered with us or not.
Typically, you can configure your browser to not accept cookies.
However, declining the use of cookies may limit your access to certain features of the Website.
For example, you may have difficulty logging in or using certain interactive features of the Website, such as the OLX Forum or Comments feature.

C.
Third Parties

We use third-party service providers to process purchases you make and to monitor our users’ interests.
In addition, the Website may occasionally contain links to Third-Party Sites.
If you click on the links to Third-Party Websites, you leave the Website.
We are not responsible for the content of these Third-Party Websites or for the security of your personal information when you use the Third Party Websites.
These third-party service providers and Third-Party Sites may have their own privacy policies governing the storage and retention of your personal information that you may be subject to.
They may collect information such as your IP address, browser specification, or operating system.
This Privacy Policy does not govern personal information provided to, stored on, or used by these third-party providers and Third-Party Sites.
We recommend that when you enter a Third-Party Site, you review the Third Party Site’s privacy policy as it relates to safeguarding your personal information.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Website.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to the Website and Third-Party Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
On the Website, Google, as a third-party vendor, uses Cookies to serve ads.
Google’s use of the DoubleClick DART Cookie enables it to serve ads to the Website’s users based on their visit to the Websites and Third-Party Websites.
For more information on the DART Cookie see: http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/faq.aspx.
You may opt out of the use of the DART Cookie by Google by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network Privacy Policy at: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
You may opt out of targeting advertising for all NAI member ad networks by visiting: http://www.networkadvertising.org/.
By publishing an ad on the Website, you acknowledge and agree that the Content is public and accessible by any third party and that they may appear in search engine results (such as Yahoo!, MSN, Google, Altavista, and other search engines) and in the cache of those search engines, in feeds and Third-Party Websites pursuant to cobranding agreements, and that it is the sole responsibility of each of those search engines, Third-Party Websites or RSS web feed resources to update and/or to remove Content from their indexes and their cache.
You agree and acknowledge that OLX is not be liable for the information published in search results or by any Third-Party Website that carries OLX postings.


D.
How Your Information is Used

We may use information provided by you to: (i) enforce our Terms of Use, monitor user activity, such as keyword searches or new postings, and more effectively manage traffic on the Website.
(ii) provide customer services, create and manage user accounts.
and (iii) assist you with technical difficulties.
Also, we may share with third-party service providers certain information, such as your browser capabilities or operating system, that we have collected in order to better understand which advertisements and services may interest you.
We may block users located in certain countries from using the Website.
We may retain such information for as long as is required to fulfill our business objective, even after your account is terminated.

E.
Protecting Your Personal Information

You are a valued customer, and we recognize that protecting your privacy is important to you.
For this reason, we are committed to protecting the personal information you provide in a variety of ways.
We do not directly process any payments and do not store your credit card information.
Secured socket layer (“SSL”) technology is used for processing payment transactions with third- party service provider partners, such as Click &amp.
Buy, PayPal, and DineroMail.
Your Registration Information may be protected by a unique customer password and user ID.
You should not disclose your password information to anyone and you should always remember to log off if using a shared computer.
Lastly, you may utilize the Website as an anonymous user by not registering.
We have taken certain security protections in safeguarding your personal information.
However, as with most electronic transactions, no method is 100% safe.
While we strive to use a commercially acceptable means to protect the personal information you provide, we cannot guarantee its security.
Therefore, you acknowledge and agree that we assume no liability regarding the theft, loss, alteration or misuse of personal or other information or Content, including, without limitation, such information that has been provided to third parties or other users, or with regards to the failure of a third party to abide by the agreement between us and such third party.
You may participate in our Forum or utilize our Comments feature.
For postings to the Forum, your username will be posted.
For postings using the Comments feature, your name and email will only be posted if you provide it in the comment.
We strongly discourage posting any information on these features or in any Content posted by you that you do not want others to see.
You agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password, and all uses of your account, whether or not you have authorized such use.


F.
Accessing and Modifying Personal Information and Communication Preferences

You may access, remove, review, and/or make changes to personal information that you have provided to us via the Contact Support form.
You need not register in order to post or respond to advertisements on the Website.
If you register, we may send you certain notifications, advertisements, promotions, and specials.
We may also send you any legally required notifications and certain notifications, including but not limited to, service related notices or notices regarding a change to any of our policies.
For example, we may send you a notice regarding server problems or scheduled maintenance to the Website.
In order to opt-out of receiving these notices, you may need to deactivate your account.
You can opt out of certain e-mail communications from us, including our newsletters, advice on buying and selling on the Website, notifications that a user has commented on your posting, and notifications that you can refresh your posting.
We will not change your preferences without your consent.
You cannot opt out of receiving transactional communications from OLX related to your account.

G.
Disclosures

On rare occasions, we may be required to disclose your personal information due to legal or regulatory requirements.
In such instances, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required in order to comply with our legal obligations, including but not limited to complying with court orders, warrants, subpoenas, service of process requirements, or discovery requests.
We may also disclose information about our users to law enforcement officers or others, in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce these Terms and/or Privacy Policy.
respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties.
or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of OLX, our users or the general public.
If substantially all of our assets are sold or merged into another company, we will notify you of the transaction.
The acquiring company shall be given access to your personal information without your consent.
If we sell only a part of our business, the acquiring entity shall have access to your personal information without your consent and we may send you a notice regarding this sale.

H.
Notification of Changes

We reserve the right to change these Terms from time to time, and at our sole discretion.
We may send you a notice regarding material changes to these Terms, including the Privacy Policy or the Website.
You should make note of the “last updated date” at the beginning of the Terms.
With this information, you should be able to identify if the Terms have been updated recently.

I.
Disputes

Any disputes regarding your privacy are subject to the Terms, including but not limited to any provisions related to indemnification, limitations on damages, and choice of law.

J.
Important Notices to Non-U.S.
Residents

It is important to note that the Website and its servers are operated in the United States.
If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any personal information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States.
By using the Website and by providing us personal information when using our services, you consent to this transfer and our use of the information and data provided by you in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section.
We will investigate your question, respond to your inquiry, and attempt to resolve any concerns regarding your privacy question.
OLX commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information.
European Union citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact OLX as described in the “How to Contact Us” section.

K.How to Contact Us

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact OLX via the Legal Issues report form with “Privacy Policy” in the subject line.


