Terms of ServiceLast modified: April 1, 2015
By using Packagetrackr.com, you are agreeing to the following terms and conditions ("Terms of Service").
These Terms apply to anyone who uses any version of the Packagetrackr website (the "Service") including any information stream derived thereof.
We use data available from a variety of shipping service providers (the "Carrier") to help you know where your packages are, and when to expect them to be delivered.
A list of currently supported Carriers is available here.
We have built this site to be a trusted resource.
to protect our Users (that's you), our Carriers, and our Service from abuse, we’ve laid out these clear guidelines.
Our goal is to have the best package tracking service online.
Please let us know how we can do better! Drop us a note with your suggestions here.
These Terms may change from time to time.
you can always check in on the most current version at https://www.packagetrackr.com/terms.
By your continuing use of the service, you're agreeing to these terms.



YOUR USE OF CONTENTUse of Packagetrackr content (tracking results, whitepapers, graphics, logos, feedback, feeds, etc.) is for informational use only.
You may not modify any content, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, post on any network, broadcast in any media or sell any information, software, products or services obtained from the Services unless expressly permitted by Packagetrackr.
Elements of Packagetrackr websites are protected by trademark, copyright, and other laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part.
Content other than that belonging to Packagetrackr may be licensed or otherwise published by Packagetrackr with the permission of the owner of the material.
All rights in such materials are reserved to their respective owners.
Packagetrackr reserves the right to review information saved to the Service and to remove any materials at its sole discretion.

WE CAN MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE THE SERVICEPackagetrackr reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice, without liability to you or any third party.

OUR PROPRIETARY RIGHTSWe've worked hard to build this site, so you acknowledge and agree that the Service and any necessary software used in connection with the Service ("Software") contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws.

WE CAN TERMINATE YOUR USE OF THE SERVICEIt sounds mean, but Packagetrackr, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, account or use of or access to the Service, and remove and discard any saved information, for any reason.
The most likely reasons for termination include hacking the Service, unauthorized reuse of tracking information, use of the Service for illegal purposes, and otherwise acting in violation of the terms or the spirit of these Terms of Service or other policies.
If Packagetrackr terminates your use of the Service, your saved information may be immediately taken down.
In this event, Packagetrackr will not be responsible to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Service.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND AFFILIATIONSThe Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
We want the information we provide you to be available 24/7 and flawlessly accurate, but the information we display is subject to availability and accuracy from the Carriers.
As such, you expressly understand and agree that your use of the Service is at your sole risk.
Packagetrackr expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied.
Packagetrackr makes no warranty that the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, or that the quality of any information obtained by you through the Service will be complete or correct, or that any errors in the software will be corrected.
In no event shall Packagetrackr, its agents, or anyone else who has been involved in the creation, production, or delivery of these pages, be liable for any direct, incidental, or consequential damages resulting from the use of this website.
Links to other websites do not imply an affiliation with those websites, nor does the existence of a link to another site imply that the organization or person publishing at that site endorses any of the materials at this site.
Links to Carrier websites and Carrier contact information are provided by Packagetrackr as a convenience to its users.
Packagetrackr is not responsible for the materials contained at any website linked to this site, or from any information provided directly from any Carrier or their agents.




That being said, if you've experience a bug or a technicality, or you just don't like our site, we hope you'll share your feedback with us before leaving the site.
 Privacy PolicyLast modified: April 1, 2015
Thanks for visiting our site.
Without your trust, we would have to just go back to tracking our own shipments.
That would make us sad.
So, this page explains how you can expect us to treat the information that you choose share with us, and what we collect when you track packages on our site.


We automatically collect some technical information from your computer when you visit our site.
This information is provided by your browser and may include your IP address, OS, browser details, and referring site.
To provide you with tracking information, we query shippers with any tracking number you provide us.
However, we do not submit any of your personally identifiable information to any carrier, or other third party.
We respect the confidentiality of this information and use it exclusively for internal business purposes, such as administration, security, analysis, and site development.
We also aggregate this information, so that we can better understand our site and develop our business.
In aggregation, usage data is anonymized, and does not allow any detail to be tied to any individual user.
For instance, we love to brag that we tracked more than 3 million packages last year.
that makes our heads spin!


We provide online customer satisfaction surveys on behalf of our customers.
In addition to the information we collect through our online survey, we may request additional personal information, which may be shared with the customer for whom we provide the survey.
Such information might include the survey participant’s name, telephone number, and email address.
Your disclosure of personal information in our surveys is always optional, but is intended to allow our customers to follow-up with you in the case of problems with their service.


We use the information collected from the online surveys to compile reports on customer satisfaction for our customers.
Due to the sensitive nature of research data, any information that is collected is treated with the utmost confidentiality.
We will not sell any personal information gathered from individual respondents.
All information gathered through our online survey tool will be the property of Packagetrackr LLC, and may be licensed to customers, in an anonymous form.


We compile data collected from its online surveys to produce benchmark reports for our customers as well as media and other interested parties.
Such information is based on aggregated, anonymous information and does not include any personally identifiable information about Packagetrackr users.


We do use cookies to make the site work harder for you, by remembering your preferences and session details.
You may choose to reject these cookies, however, in doing so, you will reduce the functionality of the site.
Additionally, Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site.
Google uses the DoubleClick DART cookie to serve ads to your users based on their visit to this and other sites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.


If you have questions about our privacy policy, please email us at privacy[at]packagetrackr.com
