 Privacy policy Thank you for using Pinterest! 

Our mission is to help you discover and do what you love.
To do that, we show you personalized content and ads we think you’ll be interested in based on information we collect from you and third parties.
We only use that information where we have a proper legal basis for doing so.&nbsp;

We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have about it.
Because we’re an internet company, some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we’ve tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way.
We welcome your questions and comments on this policy.

 We collect information in a few different ways: 
 1.
When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it When you sign up for or use Pinterest, you give us certain information voluntarily.
This includes your name, email address, phone number, profile photo, Pins, comments, and any other information you give us.
You can also choose to share with us&nbsp;location data or photos.
If you buy something on Pinterest, we collect payment information, contact information (address and phone number) and details of what you bought.
If you buy something for someone else on Pinterest, we collect their delivery details and contact information.

If you link your Facebook or Google account or accounts from other third party services to Pinterest, we also get information from those accounts (such as your friends or contacts).
The information we get from those services depends on your settings and their privacy policies, so please check what those are.
&nbsp;

 2.
We also get technical information when you use Pinterest Whenever you use any website, mobile application or other internet service, certain information gets created and logged automatically.
The same is true when you use Pinterest.
Here are some of the types of information we collect:


Log data. When you use Pinterest, our servers record information (“log data”), including information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit a website, or that your mobile app automatically sends when you’re using it.
This log data includes your Internet Protocol address, the address of and activity on websites you visit that incorporate Pinterest features (like the “Save” button—more details below), searches, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, how you used Pinterest, cookie data and device data.
If you’d like, you can get more details&nbsp;on the types of information we collect in our logs.

Cookie data. &nbsp;We also use “cookies” (small text files sent by your computer each time you visit our website, unique to your Pinterest account or your browser) or similar technologies to capture log data.
When we use cookies or other similar technologies, we use session cookies (that last until you close your browser) or persistent cookies (that last until you or your browser delete them).
For example, we use cookies to store your language preferences or other settings so you don‘t have to set them up every time you visit Pinterest.
Some of the cookies we use are associated with your Pinterest account (including information about you, such as the email address you gave us) and other cookies are not.
For more detailed information about how we use cookies, please review our Cookies Policy.

Device information. In addition to log data, we collect information about the device you’re using Pinterest on, including type of device, operating system, settings, unique device identifiers and crash data that helps us understand when something breaks.
Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you’re using and its settings.
For example, different types of information are available depending on whether you’re using a Mac or a PC, or an iPhone or Android phone.
To learn more about what information your device makes available to us, please also check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider. &nbsp;


 3.
Our partners and advertisers share information with us We also get information about you and your activity outside Pinterest from our affiliates, advertisers, partners and other third parties we work with, or other publicly available sources.
For example:

Some websites or apps use Pinterest features such as our “Save” button, or you may install our “Save” button for your browser.
If so, we collect log data from those sites or apps.
Learn more about these features.
Online advertisers or third parties share information with us to measure or improve the performance of ads on Pinterest, or to figure out what kinds of ads to show you.
This includes information about your visits to an advertiser's site or purchases you made from them, or information about your interests from a third party service, which we might use to help show you ads.
Learn more about the types of information advertisers or other third parties share with us.


 What we do with the info we collect: 

We use the information we collect to provide the Service to you.
We commit to showing you&nbsp;content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you.
In order to do that, it’s necessary for us to use your information to:&nbsp;

Identify you when you use Pinterest, and process your transactions.
Recommend Pins, boards, topics or categories you might like based on your activity on Pinterest.
For example, if we see you’re into cooking, we may suggest food-related Pins, boards or people that we think you might like or show you food-related ads.
Respond to your questions or comments.

In addition and for similar reasons, we have a legitimate interest in using your information in these ways.
It is also fundamental to the nature of the Service we provide.
In short, it’s necessary for us to do these things in order to make the Service relevant, interesting and personal to you like we promised, and it’s in both of our interests for us to do that.

We also have a legitimate interest to improve Pinterest, maintain our relationship with you, and protect users.
We both benefit when we use your information to:&nbsp;


Suggest other people&nbsp;who have similar interests.
For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like.


Help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest, if you agree to this in your settings.
For example, if you sign up using a Facebook account, we can help your Facebook friends find you on Pinterest when they first sign up for Pinterest.
Or, people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email.


Conduct analytics on who is using Pinterest and what they are doing.
For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.


Improve Pinterest and offer new features.


Send you updates (such as when certain activity, like saves or comments, happens on Pinterest) and news by email or push notification, depending on your settings.
For example, we send weekly updates that include Pins you may like.
You can decide to stop getting these notifications by updating your settings&nbsp;.

Work with law enforcement and keep Pinterest safe.
We may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts.
To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our Law Enforcement Guidelines.

We have a legitimate interest in delivering ads that are relevant, interesting and personal to you in order to generate revenue&nbsp;(providing this Service is expensive!)&nbsp;To further these interests we use the information we collect to:&nbsp;


Decide which ads to show you.
For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest, we may show you ads for other outdoor products.
We customize the ad content we show you by identifying your interests based on your onsite and offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties.
Where we use cookies to identify your offsite interests, we will obtain consent where required as described in more detail below.
Where ad partners or other third parties share information with us about you, we rely on the consent they have obtained.


Tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are doing, and how to make them better.
Some of this information is aggregated.
For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Promoted Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site.
In other instances, this information isn’t aggregated.
For example, we would let an advertiser know that a particular Promoted Pin has been saved by certain people.
To find out more about reporting on Promoted Pins, please visit the Help Center.


Tell our ad partners the types of products you might be interested in.
For example, if you create a board dedicated to sneakers, we can tell a retailer that you’re more interested in sneakers than, say, sweaters.
This helps us and our ad partners to make sure that the content and ads you see are relevant to you.


We have a legitimate interest in using information we collect to customize your Pinterest experience based on your offsite behavior.
For example, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you.
When we identify your interests based on your offsite behavior with cookies, we will obtain any consent we may need.
To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our Cookies Policy.
In addition to the specific circumstances above, we’ll only use your information with your consent in order to:


Send you marketing materials by email, text or push notification, depending on your account or operating system settings.
Each time we send you marketing materials, we give you the option to unsubscribe.


Identify your location and customize the content we show you.
For example, if we know that you are based in San Francisco, we could show you Pins of local products.
You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.


Allow searching with photos.
For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you&nbsp;similar items.
You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.


Tell our ad partners how their ads are doing using the Pinterest tag.
The Pinterest tag (a piece of code) delivers insights to us and our ad partners about actions that a person takes on their website after viewing an ad on Pinterest.
To learn more about the Pinterest tag, please visit the Help Center.


We’ll also rely on your consent where we use cookies to:


Identify you across different browser sessions.
This means if you log into Pinterest from your phone (or any device), we'll remember that you're you and you won't need to enter your login details each time you visit Pinterest.


Show you ads you might be interested in.
We use cookies to identify your interests based on your offsite behavior.
We do this for existing users and for new users, and it helps us customize the new user experience.


To find out more about how we use cookies, and your choices about how we use them, please see our Cookies Policy.

 Transferring your information: 

Pinterest is a worldwide service.
By using our products or services, you authorize us to transfer and store your information outside your home country, including in the United States, for the purposes described in this policy.
The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in such countries may not be equivalent to those of your home country.
Pinterest complies with the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States.
Pinterest has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.&nbsp;To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit the Privacy Shield website.
For all transfers of your information from the European Economic Area (EEA) to the U.S., Pinterest is certified under Privacy Shield and follows its principles.&nbsp;To view a list of Privacy Shield participants please visit the Privacy Shield website.
Where we share information we receive under Privacy Shield with third parties, we're responsible for making sure those third parties also comply with Privacy Shield, unless we can prove we're not responsible for the damaging event.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Pinterest commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.
EEA individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact us here.
Pinterest has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS Arbitration and Mediation Services, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit JAMS here for more information or to file a complaint.
The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
In certain circumstances, and if the dispute resolution process still doesn’t resolve the problem, EEA individuals may pursue binding arbitration through a process described here.
Pinterest is also subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
Where we transfer information from the EEA to a country that doesn't provide an adequate level of protection, we’ll only do so under appropriate safeguards to protect your information, like standard contractual clauses, or Privacy Shield certification.

 Choices you have about your info: 

Our goal is to give you simple and meaningful choices regarding your information.
If you have a Pinterest account, many of the choices you have on Pinterest are built directly into Pinterest or your settings.
For example, you can:


Edit information in&nbsp;your profile&nbsp;at any time, decide whether your profile is available to search engines, or choose whether others can find your Pinterest account using your email address.


Link or unlink your Pinterest account from other services (like Facebook, Google or Twitter).
For some services (like Facebook), you can also decide whether or not to publish your Pinterest activity to that service.


Create or be added to a secret board.
Secret boards are visible to you and other collaborators in the board, and any collaborator may choose to make the board available to anyone else.
For example, another collaborator can invite someone else to the board, make the board available to an app they use to view Pinterest, or even just take an image from the board and email it to their friends.
For more information about secret boards, please&nbsp;visit our Help Center.


Choose whether Pinterest will be customized for you using information from other websites or apps.
If you have a Pinterest account and want to control how your offsite data is used to tailor your experience, you can visit your settings&nbsp;and update your “Personalization” preferences.
If you don’t have a Pinterest account&nbsp;or don’t want us to customize Pinterest for you when you’re signed out, you can&nbsp;opt out.


Choose whether your purchases on Pinterest will be used to customize recommendations and ads for you.
You can view and manage your purchase history by going to “Order history” in your settings&nbsp;and if you hide a purchase from your history, we won’t use it to customize Pinterest for you.


Close your account at any time.
When you close your account, we’ll deactivate it and remove your Pins and boards from Pinterest.


Also, we support the Do Not Track browser setting and you can&nbsp;learn more&nbsp;about how it affects our collection and use of offsite data.
In addition to the examples provided above, we offer other choices that you can learn more about in our&nbsp;Help Center.
You also have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access Pinterest.
For example:


The browser you use lets you control cookies or other types of local data storage.


Your mobile device lets you choose how and whether your location, photos, advertising identifiers and other data is shared with us.


To learn more about these choices, please see the information provided by your device or software provider.

 How and when we share information: 

Anyone can see the public boards and Pins you create&nbsp;and the profile information you give us.
We also make this public information available through what are called APIs (basically a technical way to share information quickly).
For example, a partner can study what their most popular Pins are or how their Pins are being shared on Pinterest by using a Pinterest API.
Some of the ways we use your information require us to share information with third parties, so we can provide your Pinterest experience, make sure our customization is effective and comply with laws that apply to us.
We share your information with:


Other services (like Facebook or Google) when you decide to link your Pinterest account to those services or publish your activity on Pinterest to them.
For example, you can choose to publish your Pins to Facebook or Twitter.


Merchants you purchase from on Pinterest.
When you buy something on Pinterest using your payment card, we share information necessary for you to make your purchase, such as your payment card information, contact information, and other information about the transaction with the merchant you’re buying from.
For example, if you buy something on Pinterest using Apple Pay, your card number isn’t shared with the merchant, but we still share contact and transaction information.
We share this information because it’s necessary to make the purchase.
The merchants treat this information in the same way as if you had made a purchase from their website directly, which means that their privacy policies and marketing policies apply to the information we share with them.
For more information on what we share with merchants, see our Help Center.


Online advertisers and third party companies that we or they use to audit or improve the delivery and performance of ads or content on websites and apps (for example, through Google Analytics).
This includes what Pins or ads you were shown on Pinterest and whether or how you engaged with those Pins or ads, or other information about your activity on Pinterest.
Learn more about how we share information with online advertisers.
To learn more about third party companies that analyze ad performance, please see our Help Center.


Third party companies or individuals that we employ to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
For example, we share payment card information with the payment companies we use to store your payment information.
We also share data with security consultants to help us get better at identifying spam.&nbsp;Some information we acquire may be collected by third party providers on our behalf.&nbsp;


Law enforcement agencies or government agencies.
We only share information if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request.
to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Pinterest.
or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.


Our wholly owned subsidiaries and affiliates.
If we were to engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganisation, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Policy, we would share your information with a party involved in such a process (for example, a potential purchaser).



 How long we keep your information: 

We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide Pinterest to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy.
This is also the case for anyone that we share your information with and who carries&nbsp;out services on our behalf.
When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't identify you.&nbsp;

 Our policy on children’s information: 

Children under 13 are not allowed to use Pinterest.
If you are based in the EEA you may only use Pinterest if you are over the age at which you can provide consent to data processing under the laws of your country or if verifiable parental consent for your use of Pinterest has been provided to us.
If you are a parent and you learn that your child is using Pinterest and you don't want them to, please contact us.

 Your options: 

You have options in relation to the information that we have about you described below.
To exercise these options, please contact us.
If you're an EEA user, you can:


Access the information we hold about you.
We'll usually share this with you within 30 days of you asking us for it.


Have your information corrected or deleted.
You can update your information in your settings.
If you have problems updating the information or if you would like us to delete it, contact us.


Object to us processing your information.
You can ask us to stop using your information, including when we use your information to send you marketing emails or push notifications.
If you opt out of receiving marketing messages from us, we may still send you newsletters and updates about your account, such as when another user comments on one of your Pins.
We only send you marketing material if you've agreed to it, but if you'd rather we don't, you can easily unsubscribe at any time.


Have the information you provided to us sent to another organization, where we hold this information&nbsp;with your consent or for the performance of a contract with you, where it's technically feasible.


Complain to a regulator.
If you're based in the EEA and think that we haven't complied with data protection laws, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commission&nbsp;in Ireland or with your local supervisory authority.



 How we make changes to this policy: 

We may change this policy from time to time and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page.
If you continue to use Pinterest after those changes are in effect, you agree to the new policy.
If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice or get your consent, as required by law.

 Contact us: 

The best way to get in touch is through the&nbsp;Help Center.
If you live in the United States, Pinterest, Inc.
is responsible for your information.
You can contact Pinterest Inc.
at 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.
If you live outside the United States, the data controller you should contact is Pinterest Europe Ltd., an Irish company with its registered office at Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.
You can also contact our Data Protection Officer.
Effective Date&nbsp;May 1, 2018
Last updated June 28, 2019

     Jump to navigation  Help Center Search form Search Cancel Log inBack to Pinterest Legal and privacy A little bit more about the fine print.

Help Center
Legal and privacy
Personalization and data
 Language: English
English
Bahasa Indonesia
Česky
Dansk
Deutsch
Español
Français
Italiano
Magyar
Norsk (Bokmål)
Nederlands
Polski
Português, Brasil
Português, Portugal
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tagalog
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Русский
ไทย
한국어 (Korean)
日本語
EnglishBahasa IndonesiaČeskyDanskDeutschEspañolFrançaisItalianoMagyarNorsk (Bokmål)NederlandsPolskiPortuguês, BrasilPortuguês, PortugalRomânăSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaTagalogTiếng ViệtTürkçeРусскийไทย한국어 (Korean)日本語 Personalization and data Personalization and data
When you use Pinterest, we want to provide you with the most interesting (dare we say, “Pinteresting”?) content.
Sometimes, we use information from other sites or apps to do that.
This page describes how we use two types of information: 1) information we collect from the Save button and other Pinterest site features, and 2) information some of our advertisers share with us.
In each case, you can choose whether we use the information to customize Pinterest for you by going to your account settings.
 
Save button and site features
If you go to a site that has the Save button or a Pinterest widget, Pinterest can use info about that visit to customize your experience back on Pinterest.
For example, if you recently visited a bunch of websites that sell camping gear, we might show you more Pins related to the outdoors, show you other stuff that people have saved from those websites or show you Promoted Pins for hiking gear. 
 
Here’s how it works:

When you go to a Pinterest-infused site, Pinterest uses a cookie to note the visit.
(What’s a cookie? Just a super-small file that gets auto-added to your browser.)
The next time you log in to Pinterest, Pinterest reads the cookie and uses the info to personalize your experience.
If you aren’t logged in or haven’t signed up yet, Pinterest can also use cookies to customize your sign up experience and start you off with stuff we think you might like to follow.
Pinterest deletes this data after 30 days.

If you don’t want Pinterest using stuff you do off Pinterest to personalize your experience, here are some things you can do:

Go to your account settings and turn off Personalization.
You can also change your browser’s Do Not Track feature to keep Pinterest and other sites from using this info.
If you don’t have an account, or don't want Pinterest using stuff you do off Pinterest to customize Pinterest when you're logged out, uncheck the box below:

Allow Pinterest to personalize my experience using sites I visit.
Please note: Pinterest uses a cookie to remember what you choose here, so if you ever clear the cookies in your browser, you’ll need to come back and update your preferences again.  
Ads on Pinterest Promoted Pins are Pins that businesses pay to appear where you're more likely to notice them.
Learn more about Promoted Pins.
We also allow certain service providers to collect and use information on Pinterest to personalize ads you see.
Learn more about Personalized ads on Pinterest. Still need help? Contact us! Back to PinterestLog in Languages Language: English
English
Bahasa Indonesia
Česky
Dansk
Deutsch
Español
Français
Italiano
Magyar
Norsk (Bokmål)
Nederlands
Polski
Português, Brasil
Português, Portugal
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tagalog
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Русский
ไทย
한국어 (Korean)
日本語
EnglishBahasa IndonesiaČeskyDanskDeutschEspañolFrançaisItalianoMagyarNorsk (Bokmål)NederlandsPolskiPortuguês, BrasilPortuguês, PortugalRomânăSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaTagalogTiếng ViệtTürkçeРусскийไทย한국어 (Korean)日本語 About us
Impressum
What's Pinterest
Our Pinterest page
Engineering blog
Brand guidelines
Careers
Help Center
Pinterest Labs
Our policies
Copyright &amp.
trademark
Personalized ads
Terms of service
Privacy &amp.
cookies
More info
For businesses
For developers
For press
 © Pinterest 2018 
 
Terms of Service Thank you for using Pinterest! Pinterest's products and services are provided by Pinterest, Inc.
These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your access to and use of Pinterest's website, products, and services ("Products").
Please read these Terms carefully, and contact us if you have any questions.
By accessing or using our Products, you agree to be bound by these Terms and by our Privacy Policy. More simply put: Every company has its terms.
These are ours. 1.
Using Pinterest a.
Who can use Pinterest You may use our Products only if you can form a binding contract with Pinterest, and only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws.
When you create your Pinterest account, you must provide us with accurate and complete information.
Any use or access by anyone under the age of 13 is prohibited.
If you open an account on behalf of a company, organization, or other entity, then (a) "you" includes you and that entity, and (b) you represent and warrant that you are authorized to grant all permissions and licenses provided in these Terms and bind the entity to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on the entity's behalf.
Some of our Products may be software that is downloaded to your computer, phone, tablet, or other device.
You agree that we may automatically upgrade those Products, and these Terms will apply to such upgrades. b.
Our license to you Subject to these Terms and our policies (including our Acceptable Usage Policy), we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and revocable license to use our Products. c.
Commercial use of Pinterest If you want to use our Products for commercial purposes you must create a business account and agree to our Business Terms of Service. More simply put: You can use Pinterest unless you're under 13.
Also, if your boss is making you use Pinterest, you need to set up a business account. 2.
Your Content a.
Posting content Pinterest allows you to post content, including photos, comments, links, and other materials.
Anything that you post or otherwise make available on our Products is referred to as "User Content." You retain all rights in, and are solely responsible for, the User Content you post to Pinterest. More simply put: If you post your content on Pinterest, it still belongs to you but we can show it to people and others can re-pin it. b.
How Pinterest and other users can use your content You grant Pinterest and its users a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable, worldwide license to use, store, display, reproduce, re-pin, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute your User Content on Pinterest solely for the purposes of operating, developing, providing, and using the Pinterest Products.
Nothing in these Terms shall restrict other legal rights Pinterest may have to User Content, for example under other licenses.
We reserve the right to remove or modify User Content for any reason, including User Content that we believe violates these Terms or our policies. c.
How long we keep your content Following termination or deactivation of your account, or if you remove any User Content from Pinterest, we may retain your User Content for a commercially reasonable period of time for backup, archival, or audit purposes.
Furthermore, Pinterest and its users may retain and continue to use, store, display, reproduce, re-pin, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute any of your User Content that other users have stored or shared through Pinterest. More simply put: Copies of content shared with others may remain even after you delete the content from your account. d.
Feedback you provide We value hearing from our users, and are always interested in learning about ways we can make Pinterest more awesome.
If you choose to submit comments, ideas or feedback, you agree that we are free to use them without any restriction or compensation to you.
By accepting your submission, Pinterest does not waive any rights to use similar or related Feedback previously known to Pinterest, or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than you More simply put: Also, don't post porn or spam or be a jerk to other Pinners.
Oh, and we can actually use your suggestions to make Pinterest better. 3.
Copyright Policy Pinterest has adopted and implemented the Pinterest Copyright Policy in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
For more information, please read our Copyright Policy. More simply put: We respect copyrights.
You should, too. 4.
Security We care about the security of our users.
While we work to protect the security of your content and account, Pinterest cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security measures.
Please notify us immediately of any compromise or unauthorized use of your account. More simply put: You can help us fight spammers by keeping these security tips in mind. 5.
Third-Party Links, Sites, and Services Our Products may contain links to third-party websites, advertisers, services, special offers, or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled by Pinterest.
We do not endorse or assume any responsibility for any such third-party sites, information, materials, products, or services.
If you access any third party website, service, or content from Pinterest, you do so at your own risk and you agree that Pinterest will have no liability arising from your use of or access to any third-party website, service, or content. More simply put: Pins link to content off of Pinterest.
Most of that stuff is awesome but we're not responsible when it's not. 6.
Termination Pinterest may terminate or suspend this license at any time, with or without cause or notice to you.
Upon termination, you continue to be bound by Sections 2 and 6-12 of these Terms. More simply put: We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone. 7.
Indemnity If you use our Products for commercial purposes in violation of Section 1(c), as determined in our sole and absolute discretion, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Pinterest and its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, suits, proceedings, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees (including costs of defense of claims, suits or proceedings brought by third parties), in any way related to (a) your access to or use of our Products, (b) your User Content, or (c) your breach of any of these Terms. More simply put: If we are sued because of something your business does on Pinterest, you have to pay our costs.
Also, you should have created a business account and agreed to our commercial terms in the first place. 8.
Disclaimers The Products and all included content are provided on an "as is" basis without warranty of any kind, whether express or implied.
PINTEREST SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
Pinterest takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content that you or any other user or third party posts or transmits using our Products.
You understand and agree that you may be exposed to User Content that is inaccurate, objectionable, inappropriate for children, or otherwise unsuited to your purpose. More simply put: Unfortunately, people post bad stuff on user-generated content sites like Pinterest.
We take that kind of thing seriously but you still might run into it before we have a chance to take it down.
If you see bad stuff, please report it to us. 9.
Limitation of Liability TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, PINTEREST SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOOD-WILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM (A) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE PRODUCTS.
(B) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE PRODUCTS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES.
OR (C) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL PINTEREST'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS EXCEED ONE HUNDRED U.S.
DOLLARS (U.S.
$100.00). More simply put: We are building the best service we can for you but we can't promise it will be perfect.
We're not liable for various things.
If you think we are, let's try to work it out like adults. 10.
Arbitration For any dispute you have with Pinterest, you agree to first contact us and attempt to resolve the dispute with us informally.
If Pinterest has not been able to resolve the dispute with you informally, we each agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) arising out of or in connection with or relating to these Terms by binding arbitration by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes then in effect for the AAA, except as provided herein.
Unless you and Pinterest agree otherwise, the arbitration will be conducted in the county where you reside.
Each party will be responsible for paying any AAA filing, administrative and arbitrator fees in accordance with AAA rules, except that Pinterest will pay for your reasonable filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees if your claim for damages does not exceed $75,000 and is non-frivolous (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
The award rendered by the arbitrator shall include costs of arbitration, reasonable attorneys' fees and reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses, and any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Nothing in this Section shall prevent either party from seeking injunctive or other equitable relief from the courts for matters related to data security, intellectual property or unauthorized access to the Service.
ALL CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES' INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, AND, UNLESS WE AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S CLAIMS.
YOU AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND PINTEREST ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. 11.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction These Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
We each agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of a state court located in San Francisco County, California or the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, for any actions not subject to Section 10 (Arbitration).
Our Products are controlled and operated from the United States, and we make no representations that they are appropriate or available for use in other locations. More simply put: The Bay Area is beautiful this time of year.
It doesn't matter what time of year it is, that's what's so great! Anyway, you'll have to sue us here. 12.
General Terms 
Notification Procedures and changes to these Terms. Pinterest reserves the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, and you agree to receive legal notices electronically if we so choose.
We may revise these Terms from time to time and the most current version will always be posted on our website.
If a revision, in our sole discretion, is material we will notify you.
By continuing to access or use the Products after revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.
If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Products. More simply put: If we're making a big change to the terms, we'll let you know.

Assignment. These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Pinterest without restriction.
Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof shall be null and void.

Entire Agreement/Severability. These Terms, together with the Privacy Policy and any amendments and any additional agreements you may enter into with Pinterest in connection with the Products, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Pinterest concerning the Products.
If any provision of these Terms is deemed invalid, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.

No Waiver. No waiver of any term of these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Pinterest's failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. More simply put: These three passages are part of just about every online terms agreement.
Basically, they ensure that a deal is a deal when you're using a site, including Pinterest. 
 
Privacy Policy Thank you for using Pinterest! We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it, and what choices you have.
Because we’re an internet company, some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we’ve tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way.
We welcome your questions and comments on this policy. What information do we collect? We collect information in two ways: 1.
When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it.
When you sign up for or use our products, you voluntarily give us certain information.
This can include your name, profile photo, pins, comments, likes, email address you used to sign up, and any other information you provide us.
If you’re using Pinterest on your mobile device, you can also choose to provide us with location data.
You also may give us permission to access your information in other services.
For example, you may link your Facebook or Twitter account to Pinterest, which allows us to obtain information from those accounts (e.g., your friends or contacts).
The information we obtain from those services often depends on your settings or their privacy policies, so be sure to check what those are. 2.
We also get technical information when you use our products or use websites or apps that have Pinterest features.
These days, whenever you use a website, mobile application, or other Internet service, there’s certain information that almost always gets created and recorded automatically.
The same is true when you use our products.
Here are some of the types of information we collect:

Log Data.
When you use Pinterest or go to a webpage or use an app that has Pinterest features (like our “Pin It” button), our servers automatically record information (“log data”) including information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or your mobile app sends when you’re using it.
This log data may include your Internet Protocol address, the address of the web pages you visited that had Pinterest features, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, how you used Pinterest, and cookie data.
Cookie data.
Depending on how you’re accessing our products, we may use “cookies” (a small text file sent by your computer each time you visit our website, unique to your Pinterest account or your browser), or similar technologies to record log data.
When we use cookies, we may use “session” cookies (that last until you close your browser) or “persistent” cookies (that last until you or your browser delete them).
For example, we may use cookies to store your language preferences or other Pinterest settings so you don‘t have to set them up every time you visit Pinterest.
Some of the cookies we use are associated with your Pinterest account (including personal information about you, such as the email address you gave us), and other cookies are not.
Device Information.
In addition to log data, we may also collect information about the device you’re using Pinterest on, including what type of device it is, what operating system you’re using, device settings, unique device identifiers, and crash data.
Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you’re using and its settings.
For example, different types of information are available depending on whether you’re using a Mac or a PC, or an iPhone or an Android phone.
To learn more about what information your device makes available to us, please also check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider.
How do we use the information we collect? We use the information we collect to provide our products to you and make them better, develop new products, and protect Pinterest and our users.
For example, we may log how often people use two different versions of a product, which can help us understand which version is better.
We also use the information we collect to offer you customized content, including:

Suggesting pins or boards you might like.
For example, if you’ve indicated that you’re interested in cooking or visited recipe websites that has Pinterest features, we may suggest food-related pins, boards, or people that we think you might like;
Showing you ads you might be interested in.

Learn more about how we use information from outside of Pinterest to customize your Pinterest experience.
We also use the information we collect to:

Send you updates (such as when certain activity, like repins or comments, happens on Pinterest), newsletters, marketing materials and other information that may be of interest to you.
For example, depending on your email notification settings, we may send you weekly updates that include pins you may like.
You can decide to stop getting these updates by updating your account settings (or through other settings we may provide).
Help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest.
For example, if you sign up using a Facebook account, we may help your Facebook friends find your account on Pinterest when they first sign up for Pinterest.
Or, we may allow people to search for your account on Pinterest using your email address.
Respond to your questions or comments.

The information we collect may be “personally identifiable” (meaning it can be used to specifically identify you as a unique person) or “non-personally identifiable” (meaning it can’t be used to specifically identify you).
We use both types of information, and combinations of both types, as described above.
We may use or store information wherever Pinterest does business, including countries outside your own. What choices do you have about your information? Our goal is to give you simple and meaningful choices over your information.
If you have a Pinterest account, many of the choices you have on Pinterest are built directly in to the product or your account settings.
For example, you can:

Access and change information in your profile page at any time, choose whether your profile page is available to search engines, or choose whether others can find your Pinterest account using your email address;
Link or unlink your Pinterest account from an account on another service (e.g., Facebook or Twitter).
For some services (like Facebook), you can also choose whether or not to publish your activity on Pinterest to that service.
Create or be added to a secret board.
Secret boards are visible to you and other participants in the board, and any participant may choose to make the contents of the board available to anyone else.
For example, another participant may invite someone else to the board, make the board available to an app they use to view Pinterest, or even just take an image from the board and email it to their friends.
For more information about secret boards, please visit our Help Center.
Choose whether Pinterest will be customized for you using information from off-Pinterest websites or apps.
If you have a Pinterest account and don’t want your off-Pinterest data to be used to tailor your experience, you can visit your account settings and update your “Personalization” preferences.
If you don’t have a Pinterest account, or don’t want us to customize Pinterest for you when you’re signed out, you can opt out here.
Also, we support the Do Not Track browser setting, and you can learn more about how it affects our collection and use of off-Pinterest data.
Close your account at any time.
When you close your account, we’ll deactivate it and remove your pins and boards from Pinterest.
We may retain archived copies of your information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes (including to help address fraud and spam).

In addition to the examples above, we offer other choices that you can learn more about in our Help Center.
You may have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access Pinterest.
For example:

The browser you use may provide you with the ability to control cookies or other types of local data storage;
Your mobile device may provide you with choices around how and whether location or other data is shared with us.

To learn more about these choices, please see the information provided by the device or software provider. How do we share the information we collect? Pinterest is a tool people use to find their inspirations, make them a reality, and inspire others in the process.
When you create public boards and pins, anyone can view them.
You may also provide us with profile page information that that anyone can view.
The other limited instances where we may share your personal information include:

When we have your consent.
This includes sharing information with other services (like Facebook or Twitter) when you’ve chosen to link to your Pinterest account to those services or publish your activity on Pinterest to them.
For example, you can choose to publish your pins to Facebook or Twitter.
We may employ third party companies or individuals to process personal information on our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
For example, we may share data with a security consultant to help us get better at identifying spam or with our accountants to make sure we’re keeping the books right.
In addition, some of the information we request may be collected by third party providers on our behalf.
For more information about the providers we use, please see our Help Center.
If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request.
to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Pinterest.
or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
We may engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Policy.

We may also share aggregated or non-personally identifiable information with our partners or others.
For example, we may tell a business using Pinterest how many people repinned something they shared, or the percentage of people who click a on pin after viewing it. Our Policy on Children’s Information Pinterest is not directed to children under 13.
If you learn that your minor child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us. How do we make changes to this policy? We may change this policy from time to time, and if we do we’ll post any changes on this page.
If you continue to use Pinterest after those changes are in effect, you agree to the revised policy.
If the changes are significant, we may provide more prominent notice or obtain your consent as required by law. 
