 Terms of Service Posted February 12, 2018
Please read the following terms of service ("Agreement" or "Terms of Service") before you install the Pocket™ application or use any of the products or services we provide through our application, software or website (all of which are referred to collectively herein as the "Pocket Technologies").
The Pocket Technologies are owned, licensed and operated by Read It Later, Inc.
(referred to herein as "we," "us," "our," "Read It Later" or "Pocket"), which has developed applications and services for use in connection with a variety of devices and platforms, including without limitation, Windows, Mac, iPhone, iPad, Kindle Fire, Android, BlackBerry, Windows phone, Chrome, Safari, Firefox and other mobile devices and computers.
The Terms of Service constitute a binding legal agreement, which govern your use of the Pocket Technologies via any platform or device.
By installing the Pocket™ application, visiting our website or installing or using any of the Pocket Technologies, you are accepting these Terms of Service.
If you do not agree to these terms, please do not install our application, access our website or use any of our products or services.
This Agreement includes the following provisions, and you can jump to each by selecting the links below:

The Pocket Service
License Grant
Ownership
License Restrictions
Information You Provide
Copyright Infringement
Third Party Websites and Opinions
Proprietary Rights Notices
Disclaimer of Warranties
Limitation of Liability
Indemnification
Disputes
Governing Law
Automatic Renewal, Payments and Refunds
Termination
Assignment
Severability
Relationship of the Parties
Force Majeure
Entire Agreement
International Access
U.S.
Government Restricted Rights
Access by Children
Electronic Communications
Revisions to Agreement
Copyright Notice

 If you have questions or concerns regarding this Agreement, the Pocket Technologies or your Pocket Premium subscription, you should contact us at legal@getpocket.com.
Alternatively, you may contact us at: Read It Later, Inc. 233 Sansome, Suite 1200 San Francisco, CA 94104
 THE POCKET SERVICE  The Pocket software application, supporting files and accompanying documentation (referred to collectively herein as the "Pocket application") is provided solely for your personal, noncommercial use.
The videos, articles and other content that you choose to save may be protected by copyright and other laws.
Please refer to the website you were visiting when you saved such content for copyright notices, information and restrictions that may be applicable to such content.

 We respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same.
The Pocket Technologies allow you to time-shift across devices and platforms so that you can access information later that you had the right to access when you saved such content to Pocket.
As a condition to your use of the Pocket Technologies, you agree not to use the Pocket Technologies to infringe any intellectual property rights.
We reserve the right, at any time, in our sole discretion, with or without notice, to terminate the accounts of, and block access to the Pocket Technologies to, any users who infringe any copyrights or other intellectual property rights.

 We offer a paid subscription service ("Pocket Premium") which, among other things, provides paid subscribers with certain features that are not made available to users of the standard, free version of the Pocket Technologies.
Each paid subscriber has a separate, personal library in which an archival copy of saved content is stored for that subscriber's own personal non-commercial use at a later time.
The Pocket Premium subscription service also includes other features, such as full-text searching of saved content and suggested tags for an item.
Subscriptions to Pocket Premium are available on monthly and yearly subscription plans.
 LICENSE GRANT  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, personal, nontransferable, non-sublicensable, noncommercial right and license to: (1) download and use a copy of the Pocket application.
and (2) view and use the Pocket Technologies, including, without limitation, the products and services made available on or through the Pocket application or our website.
No other right or license of any kind is granted to you hereunder with respect to the Pocket Technologies.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or other grant of right to use any patent, copyright, trademark, service mark, trade secret or other intellectual property right, except as expressly provided herein.
If you want to make commercial use of any of the Pocket Technologies, you must enter into a separate written agreement with us in advance.
The license provided herein is effective until terminated.
This license automatically terminates if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
You agree that, upon such termination, you will destroy or permanently erase all copies of the Pocket Technologies.
 OWNERSHIP  The Pocket Technologies, including, but not limited to, the Pocket application and all other programs, text, graphics, files and other content are owned and copyrighted by Read It Later and its licensors, and are protected worldwide.
We retain all right, title and interest in and to the Pocket Technologies and any portion thereof, including, without limitation, all patent rights, copyrights, trademarks (including without limitation Pocket®, the pocket logo and the rainbow bar), service marks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights, any derivative work of the Pocket Technologies, and any Update, and any copies thereof, regardless of the form or media in or on which the original or other copies may subsequently exist.
For purposes of this Agreement, "Update" shall mean any modification, error correction, bug fix, new release, upgrade, patch or other update to or for the Pocket application.
You agree to take any action reasonably requested by us to evidence, maintain, enforce or defend the foregoing.
You shall not take any action to jeopardize, limit or interfere in any manner with our ownership of and rights with respect to the Pocket Technologies, or any derivative work or Update.
This license is not a sale of the original or any backup copy.
All rights are reserved unless otherwise noted.
 LICENSE RESTRICTIONS  Your access to and use of the Pocket Technologies is subject to this Agreement and all applicable laws and regulations.
You may not: (1) modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or create any derivative works based on the Pocket Technologies, including any of its files, tables or documentation, or any portion thereof, or determine or attempt to determine any source code, algorithms, methods or techniques embodied in the Pocket application or any portion thereof.
(2) distribute, license, transfer, or sell, in whole or in part, any of the Pocket Technologies or any derivative works thereof.
(3) market, rent or lease the Pocket Technologies for a fee or charge, or use the Pocket Technologies to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation.
(4 ) use the Pocket Technologies to upload or distribute in any way files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer.
(5) interfere with or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Pocket Technologies, any transactions being offered in connection with the Pocket Technologies or any other activities conducted by us, disrupt our website or any networks connected to the Pocket Technologies, or bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Pocket Technologies.
(6) exploit the Pocket Technologies in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including, but not limited to, by trespass or burdening network capacity.
(7) use any robot, spider, scraper, or other automated means to access our website or proprietary work for any purpose without our prior written permission.
(8) use the Pocket Technologies to collect or harvest personal information about other users of the Pocket Technologies.
(9) take any action that imposes or may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure.
(10) share any videos, articles or other content with any unreasonably large number of persons, including without limitation sending blast communications to a large number of recipients or sharing content with persons you do not know or who do not know you.
(11) impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity.
(12) use the Pocket Technologies, or any other services, products, or downloads available in connection with the Pocket Technologies for illegal purposes.
(13) represent that you are the owner of any of the Pocket Technologies, including any of its individual files, drawings or documentation.
(14) remove or alter any proprietary notices, labels, marks or identifying information of any kind on the Pocket Technologies.
(15) incorporate the Pocket Technologies or any portion thereof into any other program or product.
(16) use the Pocket Technologies for any purpose other than in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
or (17) copy or reproduce, in any form or by any means, any part of the Pocket Technologies (except that you may make one copy of the Pocket application for archival or backup purposes only, provided that any such copy contains the copyright and proprietary notices in unaltered form).
We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or limit access to the Pocket Technologies in our sole discretion.
 INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE  You agree to read our Privacy Policy, which explains what type of information we collect and what might happen to that information, including, without limitation, how such information is shared and used.
Although our Privacy Policy is not a legal agreement, and creates no contractual obligations, it contains information that you should review prior to using the Pocket Technologies.
Our Privacy Policy will apply to the information we collect, whether or not you choose to read it.
You are not required to create a user account or provide any personal information in order to visit our website.
You are required to create a user account, however, to use our application or some of our services, such as saving videos, articles or other content to Pocket, or to sign up for our paid subscription service.
If you choose to create a user account, you must provide certain current, complete, and accurate information about you, as requested during the registration process ("Registration Data"), and you must maintain and update such Registration Data to keep such information current, complete and accurate.
You warrant that your Registration Data and all of the other information that you provide to us will be truthful, accurate, and complete, and that you are authorized to provide such information.
You authorize us to verify your Registration Data at any time.
If any Registration Data that you provide is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we retain the right, in our sole discretion, to suspend or terminate your user account and your access to the Pocket Technologies.

 If you choose to create a user account, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your account.
You may not share your password or other account access information with any other party, temporarily or permanently, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password, whether or not authorized by you.
You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your account, Registration Data or passwords, as the case may be.
We reserve the right to refuse service and/or terminate user accounts in our sole discretion.

 If you choose to send us any message, feedback or data, including, but not limited to, any ideas, comments, suggestions or questions regarding any product or service, such information shall be deemed to be non-confidential.
We shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation.
Further, we shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products and services incorporating such ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques.
The Pocket Technologies enable users to share, save or post information or materials, or to communicate with or otherwise share information with other users or persons.
You agree not to share, save, submit, publish, display, disseminate, or otherwise communicate any defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, threatening, offensive, indecent, illegal or otherwise objectionable material, or any material that violates any federal, state, or local law in the United States or anywhere else in the world.
You are solely responsible for all information which you share, save, submit, publish, display, disseminate or otherwise communicate through the Pocket Technologies, even if a claim should arise after termination of service.
You agree that all such content, messages and other communications shall not be deemed to be private or secure, and that any such content, messages and communications can be read by the operators and/or other agents of Read It Later, whether or not they are the intended recipients.
If we or any other person asks you to cease and desist from sharing any videos, articles or other content with any third party, or to cease communicating with any third party via the Pocket Technologies, you agree to comply with such request immediately.
 COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT  The videos, articles and other content made available on third-party websites may be protected by copyright and other applicable laws.
Some content may not be reproduced, used to prepare derivative works, distributed, performed publicly or displayed publicly without the written permission of the copyright holder, except to the extent allowed under the "fair use" provisions of the U.S.
copyright laws, other limitations on exclusive copyrights in the U.S.
copyright laws, or comparable provisions of foreign laws.
Other content may have re-use permissions attached.
Please refer to the website you were visiting when you saved such content for information that may be applicable to such content.

 You represent and agree that the Pocket application will be used solely for your personal-noncommercial use with respect to content of websites that you have the lawful right to access, and that the Pocket application will not be used in violation of the restrictions posted on the website where such content was published.
Some websites include security measures designed to prevent access, and you agree not to take any steps to defeat any such security measures.
We do not necessarily monitor any materials posted, transmitted, or saved to or with the Pocket Technologies.
By posting, sharing or saving any videos, articles or content, you represent that doing so does not infringe any third party’s copyrights, trademarks, privacy rights or other intellectual property or legal rights of any kind.
If notified that any user has posted, shared or saved any information or materials which allegedly do not conform to this Agreement, we may in our sole discretion investigate the allegation and determine whether to take any other actions, including, but not limited to, whether to remove or request the removal of the information or materials posted, shared or saved by a user.
We also reserve the right to terminate the account of any user who transfers or saves content in violation of this Agreement.
We shall have no liability or responsibility to users for performance or nonperformance of such activities.
You may be subject to civil and criminal penalties, including without limitation monetary damages, if you violate the terms of this Agreement or infringe any third party’s legal rights.

 If you believe that your copyrighted work or trademark has been infringed, please contact us and provide all information relevant to any claim of copyright or trademark infringement.
Please contact us as described on our Report Copyright Infringement page.
 THIRD PARTY WEBSITES, SOFTWARE AND SERVICES  The content, products and services available via the Pocket Technologies include materials from non-affiliated third parties.
We also participate in joint marketing and other service offerings with third parties and our website contains links to third-party sites.
The Pocket Technologies also integrate, only at your request, with third-party software applications and services that enable you to save to Pocket within such third-party applications and to utilize the information we collect to improve the service offerings by such third parties.
Such third parties may provide you with an opportunity to install the Pocket application or use the Pocket Technologies from or through their websites or such third parties may request to access or use your Pocket user account or other information so that they can customize the services that they provide to you.
For example, if you are on a third-party website, you may be provided with the opportunity to download and install the Pocket application or you may be redirected to our website or provided with access to the Pocket Technologies.
The third parties that contract with us are independent, and are not our agents.
Such links are provided for your convenience only.
We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content of, or products or services available through, any third-party websites, including without limitation the websites that offer videos, articles or other content that you choose to save to Pocket.
We are not responsible for examining or evaluating any third-party content.
You understand and agree that we do not warrant and shall not be liable for any third-party materials or websites.
You also agree that you will not use any third-party content or materials in a manner that would infringe or violate the rights of any other party and that we are not in any way responsible for any such use by you.

 If you have developed a software application and are interested in integrating such application with the Pocket Technologies, you must enter into our API License Agreement.
Please contact us at legal@getpocket.com for additional information.
 PROPRIETARY RIGHTS NOTICES  All trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations of Pocket used herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Pocket.
Any other trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations are the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective parties.
 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES  Reasonable efforts are taken to improve the accuracy and integrity of the Pocket Technologies, but we are not responsible for mistakes, out-of-date information, inaccuracies, typographical or other errors.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, we reserve the right to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to any of the Pocket Technologies, content, or other materials comprising a part of the Pocket Technologies at any time without notice.
In no event will we be liable for making these changes.
As a registered user in good standing, you may be provided with limited access to the videos, articles or other content saved to Pocket.
Such access is provided as an accommodation only, and the items you save with Pocket may be deleted at any time and for any reason.
We do not warrant, and will not have any liability or responsibility for, your use of Pocket or the products or services we provide.
We may also impose limits on the use of or access to certain features or portions of the Pocket Technologies, for any reason and without notice or liability.
Our website, products and services may be unavailable from time to time due to mechanical, telecommunication, software, and other failures.
We cannot predict or control when such downtime may occur and cannot control the duration of such downtime.


 THE POCKET TECHNOLOGIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, OUR APPLICATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND WEBSITE) ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS.
WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WHATSOEVER REGARDING THE COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY, ADEQUACY, SUITABILITY, FUNCTIONALITY, AVAILABILITY, OR OPERATION OF THE POCKET TECHNOLOGIES.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE DO NOT HAVE CONTROL OVER YOUR USE OF THE POCKET TECHNOLOGIES, AND WE DO NOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE POCKET TECHNOLOGIES.
YOU ASSUME ALL RISKS AND RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THE POCKET TECHNOLOGIES AND FOR ANY LOSS OF OR ERRORS IN ANY DATA OR INFORMATION.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING THROUGH COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE NEITHER WARRANT NOR REPRESENT THAT YOUR USE OF THE POCKET TECHNOLOGIES WILL NOT INFRINGE THE RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTIES, NOR THAT THE POCKET TECHNOLOGIES WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR YOUR ACCESS OR USE, NOR THAT OPERATION OF THE POCKET TECHNOLOGIES WILL BE ERROR FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED.
PLEASE NOTE THAT SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN ADDITION, YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.

 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
 THERE ARE INHERENT RISKS IN RELYING UPON, USING, OR RETRIEVING ANY INFORMATION FOUND ON THE INTERNET, AND WE URGE YOU TO MAKE SURE YOU UNDERSTAND THESE RISKS BEFORE USING THE POCKET TECHNOLOGIES OR ANY WEBSITE THAT PROVIDES YOU WITH ACCESS TO THE POCKET TECHNOLOGIES.
YOUR USE OF THE POCKET TECHNOLOGIES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
NEITHER READ IT LATER, INC.
NOR ANY OF ITS PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES, NOR ANY OF THEIR EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS, SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF DATA OR INFORMATION OF ANY KIND, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOST PROFITS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, COST OF COVER OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE POCKET TECHNOLOGIES, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
PLEASE NOTE THAT SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

 INDEMNIFICATION  You agree, at your own expense, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Read It Later, Inc., its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors and licensees, from and against any judgments, losses, deficiencies, damages, liabilities, costs, claims, demands, suits, and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees, expert witness fees and expenses) incurred in, arising out of or in any way related to your breach of this Agreement, your use of the Pocket Technologies, or any of your other acts or omissions.
 DISPUTES 
 ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO YOUR USE OF ANY OF THE POCKET TECHNOLOGIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DISPUTES RELATED TO THE POCKET PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE, WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION, RATHER THAN IN COURT, EXCEPT THAT YOU MAY ASSERT CLAIMS IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT IF YOUR CLAIMS QUALIFY.
THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT AND FEDERAL ARBITRATION LAW APPLY TO THIS AGREEMENT.



 THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY IN ARBITRATION, AND COURT REVIEW OF AN ARBITRATION AWARD IS LIMITED.
AN ARBITRATOR, HOWEVER, MAY AWARD ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS THE SAME DAMAGES AND RELIEF AS A COURT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INJUNCTIVE AND DECLARATORY RELIEF OR STATUTORY DAMAGES), AND MUST FOLLOW THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AS A COURT WOULD.
ARBITRATION IS MORE INFORMAL THAN A LAWSUIT IN COURT, AND ALLOWS FOR MORE LIMITED DISCOVERY THAN IN COURT.
THE ARBITRATOR WILL DECIDE ALL ISSUES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ISSUES RELATING TO THE SCOPE AND ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION.


 To initiate an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to: President, Read It Later, Inc., 233 Sansome, Suite 1200, San Francisco, CA 94104.
Unless you and we agree otherwise, any arbitration will take place in the county (or parish) where you live.
The arbitration will be conducted by JAMS in accordance with that organization's "Streamlined Arbitration Rules &amp.
Procedures" if JAMS has an office in the county (or parish) where the arbitration takes place.
Otherwise, the arbitration will be conducted by a neutral arbitrator in accordance with the American Arbitration Association (AAA) rules, including the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes.
JAMS rules and other information are available at https://www.jamsadr.com or by calling 800.352.5267.
The AAA's rules and other information are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the applicable JAMS or AAA rules.
We will promptly reimburse you for your payment of the filing fees, unless your claim is for greater than US$10,000, in which event you will be responsible for filing fees.
If your claim is for US$10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the applicable JAMS or AAA rules.
The arbitrator shall have the discretion to award reasonable attorneys' fees and costs (including the cost of the arbitration and of experts) to the prevailing party, but we will only seek such fees if the arbitrator determines that your claim is frivolous.


 WE EACH AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEEDINGS WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION.
IF FOR ANY REASON A CLAIM PROCEEDS IN COURT RATHER THAN IN ARBITRATION, WE EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL.

 GOVERNING LAW  By using any of the Pocket Technologies, you agree that the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of California, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms of Service and any dispute of any kind that might arise between you and us.
 AUTOMATIC RENEWAL, PAYMENTS AND REFUNDS  Subscriptions to our paid Pocket Premium service are available on monthly and yearly subscription plans.
Each paid subscription is valid for only one user account and you are not permitted to use your paid subscription with any other user accounts.
OUR PAID POCKET PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY RENEWED AT THE END OF EACH SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD.
THE SUBSCRIPTION FEE WILL BE CHARGED TO YOUR LAST PAYMENT METHOD.
TO CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION, PLEASE SEND AN EMAIL TO CANCEL@POCKET.COM, OR FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR CANCELLATION THAT ARE AVAILABLE ON OUR WEBSITE. If you cancel or decide not to renew, you will be downgraded to our free service upon cancellation or at the end of your subscription period, as applicable.
If you do not pay for your paid subscription on time, we reserve the right to suspend your paid subscription or reduce your service level to our free service.

 We reserve the right to charge for use of our services that are currently available free of charge.
You will not be charged for using any service unless you have opted for a paid subscription plan.
We will provide users with notice of any material change to the terms and conditions applicable to the subscription service at least thirty days prior to such change taking effect.
By continuing to use our services after the change takes effect, you accept the new terms.

We do not issue refunds for subscriptions paid for through iTunes or Google Play.
If you pay for your paid subscription through our website, we may, at our sole discretion, provide a pro-rata refund for the unused portion of the subscription period.
 TERMINATION  This Agreement is effective unless and until terminated as expressly provided herein.
We may terminate this Agreement at any time and may do so immediately without notice, without any liability to you, and accordingly deny you access to the Pocket Technologies, in our sole discretion, if you have failed or we suspect you have failed to comply with any term or provision of this Agreement.
Upon any termination of this Agreement, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from us, as well as all copies of such materials.
Termination of this Agreement shall not act as a waiver of any breach of this Agreement and shall not release you from any liability for breach of your obligations under this Agreement.

 Upon the termination of a paid subscription, any of the data stored as part of your paid subscription (including, for example, copies of content in your permanent library), will be stored for 30 days.
Following such 30 day period, we will have no obligation to save any such data.
 ASSIGNMENT  This Agreement may not be assigned, in whole or part, whether voluntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, by you without our prior written consent.
Subject to the preceding sentence, the rights and liabilities of the parties hereto is binding on, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties and their respective successors and assigns.
Any attempted assignment other than in accordance with this section shall be null and void.
 SEVERABILITY  If the application of any provision of this Agreement to any particular facts or circumstances shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable by an arbitrator or tribunal, then (a) the validity and enforceability of such provision as applied to any other particular facts or circumstances and the validity of other provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and (b) such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent possible so as to effect the intent of the parties and reformed without further action by the parties to the extent necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable.
 RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES  Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, agency, employment or fiduciary relationship between the parties.
Neither party nor their agents have any authority of any kind to bind the other party in any respect whatsoever, and the relationship of the parties is, and at all times shall continue to be, that of independent contractors.
 FORCE MAJEURE  We shall not be responsible or have any liability for any delay or failure to perform to the extent due to unforeseen circumstances or causes beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, acts of God, earthquake, fire, flood, embargoes, labor disputes and strikes, riots, war, novelty of product manufacture or other unanticipated product development problems, and acts of civil and military authorities.
 ENTIRE AGREEMENT  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous representations, discussions, proposals, negotiations, conditions, agreements and communications, whether oral or written, between the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement and all past courses of dealing or industry custom.
No amendment or modification of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by a duly authorized signatory of Read It Later and you.
 INTERNATIONAL ACCESS  The Pocket Technologies may be accessed from countries other than the United States.
We control and operate the Pocket Technologies from offices located in the United States and all servers that make it available reside in the United States.
We make no representations or warranties that the Pocket Technologies are appropriate for use or access in other locations.
If you access and use the Pocket Technologies outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and you are responsible for complying with United States and your local laws and regulations, if and to the extent such laws are applicable.

 You may not use, export, re-export, import or transfer the Pocket Technologies except as authorized by United States law, the laws of the jurisdiction in which you obtained the Pocket Technologies, and any other applicable laws.
In particular, but without limitation, the Pocket Technologies may not be exported or re-exported: (a) into any United States embargoed countries.
or (b) to anyone on the U.S.
Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S.
Department of Commerce’s Denied Person’s List or Entity List.
By using the Pocket Technologies, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list.
You also may not use the Pocket Technologies for any purpose prohibited by U.S.
law, including the development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons.
We reserve the right to limit, in our sole discretion, the availability of the Pocket Technologies or any portion thereof, to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction, at any time.

 We reserve the right to limit, in our sole discretion, the availability of the Pocket Technologies or any portion thereof, to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction, at any time.
 U.S.
GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS  If this product is acquired under the terms of a government contract, use, duplication and disclosure are subject to the terms of this license and the following restrictions: subdivision (c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical data and Computer Software clause at 252.227-7013 (DOD contracts).
subdivisions (a) through (d) of 52.227-19 (Civilian agency contracts).
and the applicable ADP Schedule Contract (GSA contracts).
 ACCESS BY CHILDREN  In the United States, if you are a device manufacturer or other third party (the "Sponsor") that provides devices to children under the age of 13 that utilize the Pocket Technologies, you assume the responsibility for complying with the U.S.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") and, to the extent applicable, The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ("FERPA").
This means that the Sponsor must notify parents/guardians of the information to be collected and obtain parental/guardian consent before collecting and sharing with the Pocket application the personal information of children under the age of 13 in order to establish an account or use the Pocket Technologies.
Schools may under appropriate circumstances provide such consent on behalf of parents/guardians.
For more information on complying with COPPA, see the Federal Trade Commission’s website at http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/coppafaqs.shtm.

 Except as provided in the paragraph above, the Pocket Technologies are not for individuals under the age of 13.
If you are 13 or older but under the age of 18, you should review this Agreement with your parent or guardian to make sure that you and your parent or guardian understand and agree to it.
 ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS  If you create a user account or send emails to us, you consent to receive communications from us electronically.
We will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the Pocket Technologies.
You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
You agree that we may send email to you for the purpose of advising you of changes or additions to the Pocket Technologies or your Pocket Premium subscription, about any of our products or services, or for such other purposes as we deem appropriate.
 REVISIONS TO AGREEMENT  We may, at any time, revise this Agreement.
If we modify the Terms of Service, we will post the modification on our website, through the Pocket Technologies, or otherwise provide you with notice of the modification.
Prior to each usage of the Pocket Technologies, you should review the Terms of Service to determine the current Agreement to which you are bound.
For your convenience, we include the effective date of the Agreement at the beginning of the document, so that you can easily ascertain whether it has been updated since the last time you viewed the Terms of Service.
Your continued use of the Pocket Technologies constitutes acceptance of this Agreement at the time of each use.
If the modified Terms of Service are not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease using the Pocket Technologies.
Notwithstanding the preceding sentences of this paragraph, no revisions to the Terms of Service will apply to any dispute between you and Pocket that arose prior to the date of such revision.
These Terms of Service may only be modified in writing as set forth in this paragraph, and may not be modified orally.
 COPYRIGHT NOTICE  Copyright © 2012-2019 Read It Later, Inc.
All rights reserved.
   Privacy Policy Posted March 18, 2019
 This notice describes the Privacy Policy that applies to all information collected or submitted when you install or use the Pocket™ application or any of the other proprietary software applications or services we provide, and when you visit our website (all of which are referred to collectively herein as the "Pocket Technologies").
The Pocket Technologies are owned and operated by Read It Later, Inc.
(referred to herein as "we," "us," "our," "Read It Later" or "Pocket"), which has developed applications and services for use in connection with a variety of devices and platforms, including without limitation, Windows, Mac, iPhone, iPad, Kindle Fire, Android, BlackBerry, Windows phone, Chrome, Safari, Firefox and other mobile devices and computers.

 We understand your concerns about privacy.
We want you to understand what types of information we collect and what may happen to that information if you install the Pocket application, visit the Pocket Website or use any of the Pocket Technologies.

 Our Privacy Policy includes the following provisions, and you can jump to each by selecting the links below: 

User Accounts and Collection of Information
Collection of Information as Part of Using Pocket Service
Use of Cookies and Analytics
Use of Information
Sharing of Information
Keeping Information
Transfer of Information
Security
Phishing
Managing My Privacy and Email Settings
Amendments to Policy
Contact
 USER ACCOUNTS AND COLLECTION OF INFORMATION  You are not required to create a user account or provide any personal information in order to visit the Pocket website.
You are required to create a user account, however, to use our application.
During registration, you are required to provide a name, password and valid email address.

 If you choose to share any articles, videos, or other content with another person, we will ask you to provide a valid email address for that person.
We may also ask you to provide your username and password for third party websites in order to access the articles and information published on such sites.
We also collect information if you contact us for support or help, submit an application or otherwise communicate with us.
The information which you supply to us enables us to customize and enhance the services we provide to you.
In addition, it helps us communicate with you about our news, events, promotions and new products.

 If you choose to subscribe to our paid subscription service, our third party payment processors will collect and handle your credit card and related payment information.
Such third party processors’ use of your personal information is governed by their respective privacy policies.
 COLLECTION OF INFORMATION AS PART OF USING POCKET SERVICE  In addition to the information that you provide to us when you register for a user account, we collect information about the URLs, titles and content of the web pages and other information you save to Pocket.
The types of information we collect includes your browser type, device type, time zone, language, and other information related to the manner in which you access the Pocket Technologies.
If you are on a mobile device, we collect the advertising identifiers provided by Apple on iOS and by Google on Android.
You can change this identifier in your device settings.
We also collect information about your use of the Pocket Technologies so that we can provide our services.
For example, as a part of providing Pocket’s syncing features, we sync information about the items that you save and view within Pocket so that your list, tags, scroll position, and other account and usage information may be synced across all of your devices.
 USE OF COOKIES AND ANALYTICS  In addition to the methods described above, we may also collect information using cookies or other technologies when you access our website or use Pocket Technologies.
You may decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features, you may be required to enter your password more frequently during a session, and you may be unable to install or use certain Pocket Technologies.
Cookies and other technologies make our Pocket Technologies easier to use and help us customize and personalize the services we provide based on your interests and activities.

 We may also use "pixel tags," "web beacons," "clear GIFs" or similar means (individually or collectively "Pixel Tags") in connection with emails that we send to our users in order to collect usage data.
We use Pixel Tags, other technologies and the information we collect to count users who have visited certain pages on our Website, to deliver branded services and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns.
 USE OF INFORMATION  We use your personal information to respond to your requests and perform our contract with you.
We may do this, for example, by using your contact information to respond to your inquiries, to provide customer support and to supply any products or services you have requested.
In addition, if you choose to use the Pocket Technologies to share content with another person, we will use the recipient's email address or user account information to provide that service, but we will not use that email address for any other purpose.

 We also have a legitimate business interest to operate and improve our services such as saving articles, videos, or other content to Pocket and making such content and recommendations available to you at a later time on any device that you use to access the Pocket Technologies.
We also use non-identifying, aggregated information to analyze the manner in which the Pocket Technologies are used, which also allows us to improve our services.
The aggregated information we use includes the manner in which articles, videos, or content has been accessed, saved and shared.
We may use aggregated information to offer a list of top sites or content, to make recommendations to our users, to report on usage and trends, to improve the products and services that we offer, or to develop new products and services.
 SHARING OF INFORMATION  Except as set forth below, we do not share any personally identifiable information unless you expressly agree that we may do so.

Public content
 If you choose to make the content you save publicly available, we may share that information with others in accordance with the options you select.
In addition, if you choose to use the Pocket Technologies to share articles, videos, or other content with another person, we will send an email on your behalf to that person with a link to the content that you have chosen to share.

Aggregate data
 We also share aggregated, non-personal data and related usage information, which does not contain any personal information which can identify you or any other individual user, with third parties, including content providers, website operators, advertisers and publishers.
For example, we may share with a content provider a list of the most saved articles to Pocket based on an analysis of aggregated, anonymous user data, but we would not share with such content provider any personal information regarding such users.

Links to other sites and apps
 If you choose to, you may connect your Pocket account to third-party applications to enable additional features like saving from your favorite apps or other unique features third-party developers have created.
We have set up controls in the Pocket application so that you can control the information that is shared with third-party providers of products and services.
For example, you may be informed that another app that you use wants to connect to your Pocket account.
In some cases, such apps will request access to certain data in your Pocket account, such as your Pocket list or your preferred topics, sites and authors (which we have developed based on the content you have saved to Pocket), so that they can customize their services.
Before such access is provided, however, you will be asked to authorize the sharing of any such information.
Although the Pocket Technologies may be used in conjunction with third-party products and services, we are not affiliated with, and have no control over, such third parties.
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you and we encourage you to check the privacy policy of each third-party provider of products or services that you choose to connect your Pocket account to.

Working with third parties
 We may work with trusted third parties, including internal service providers and the Mozilla Corporation, Read It Later's parent company, to facilitate one or more aspects of the products and services that we provide to you and to conduct research related to Internet usage, and we may provide some of your personal information directly to these third parties.
For example, as discussed above, we may use a third party payment processor to process payments for our paid subscription service.
We may also share your device ID in working with third parties who assist us in delivering advertisements to you.
These parties are subject to confidentiality agreements with us and other legal restrictions that prohibit their use of the information we provide to them for any other purpose other than those discussed above, unless you have explicitly agreed or given your prior permission to them for additional uses.
If you use the "Listen" feature, we may share the content of the article with a third party service in order to read the article aloud.

Sharing as required by law or asset sale
In the event that we or certain of our assets are acquired, user information may be included among the transferred assets.

Although we strive to protect the personal information of our users, we will release personal information if required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary.
We follow the law whenever we receive requests about you from a government or related to a lawsuit.
We will notify you when we are asked to hand over your personally identifiable information in this way unless we are legally prohibited from doing so.
When we receive requests like this, we will only release your personally identifiable information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary or appropriate under applicable law.
Nothing in this policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party's request to disclose your information.
 KEEPING INFORMATION We will keep your information only for as long as we need it to provide you services, manage our business or as required by law or contract. TRANSFER OF INFORMATION We're a global organization and our computers are in several different places around the world.
We also use service providers whose computers may also be in various countries.
This means that your information might end up on one of those computers in another country, and that country may have a different level of data protection regulation than yours.
By giving us information, you consent to this kind of transfer of your information.
No matter what country your information is in, we comply with applicable law and will also abide by the commitments we make in this privacy policy. SECURITY  We have agreements with third parties and have adopted other security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and/or unauthorized alteration of the information under our control or under the control of our service providers.
Your personally identifiable information is protected by utilizing both online and offline security methods, including firewalls, passwords and restricted physical access to the places where your information is stored.
Although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain free from security issues.
In the event of a security breach involving your personal information, we will make any legally required disclosures to you in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, consistent with the legitimate interests of law enforcement, or any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
 PHISHING  Identity theft and the practice currently known as "phishing" are of great concern to Pocket.
Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority.
We do not and will not, at any time, request your username, password, credit card information or national identification number in an unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication.
For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website.
 MANAGING MY PRIVACY AND EMAIL SETTINGS  You can access, correct, or delete your personal information and export your data from your Pocket Profile.
You can also view and control which third party services, if any, you want to connect to your Pocket account.
These settings are at: https://getpocket.com/options 
 As part of our default settings to share saved and recommended content, we send emails to our users.
You may opt-out of receiving these, and updates on our service and your use, by using the unsubscribe feature on any of our email correspondence or from your account settings.
We will try to communicate with you only according to your instructions, although it may take some time to process your request.
 AMENDMENTS TO POLICY  Please note this Privacy Policy will change from time to time.
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on our Website that you can access at getpocket.com or through the options or help menu of the Pocket application.
All amended terms shall automatically be effective thirty (30) days after they are initially posted on the Website.
If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy that affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our Website notifying users that our Privacy Policy has changed.
Our use of your information shall be governed by the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy in effect when you first use our application or thirty (30) after the terms are changed, as explained above.

 If you have questions about any of the provisions described above, please contact us at privacy@getpocket.com or at the street address listed above.
 CONTACT If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact us at privacy@getpocket.com.
Alternatively, you may contact us at: 


Read It Later, Inc. 233 Sansome, Suite 1200 San Francisco, CA 94104 
Europeans who believe a privacy complaint is unresolved have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of their Member State.
 