Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 18, 2018

Quora recognizes that your privacy is very important and we take it seriously.
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use, disclosure, and sharing of your personal information or personal data when you use the Quora Platform.
This Privacy Policy applies to activities by Quora, Inc.
and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively “Quora,” “we” or “us”).
Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in our Terms of Service.

The Information We Collect

We collect information directly from individuals, from third parties, and automatically through the Quora Platform.


Account and Profile Information:
 When you create an account and profile on the Quora Platform, we collect your name, contact information, and other information you provide, such as topics that you know about or find interesting.
Your name, photo, and any other information that you choose to add to your public-facing profile will be available for viewing to users of the Quora Platform.
Once you create a profile, other users will be able to see in your profile certain information about your activity on the Quora Platform, such as the questions and answers you post, your followers and who you follow, topics of interest to you, the information you list as credentials, and your edits to Your Content.
For more information about your choices for publicly displayed information, see the section below about Your Choices.


Your Content:
 We collect and store the information and content that you post to the Quora Platform, including your questions, answers, photos, and comments.
Unless you have posted certain content anonymously, Your Content, date and time stamps, and all associated comments are publicly viewable on the Quora Platform, along with your name.
This also may be indexed by search engines and be republished elsewhere on the Internet in accordance with our Terms of Service.
For more information about what you can change, see the below section on Your Choices.


Communications.
 When you communicate with us (via email, phone, through the Quora Platform, or otherwise), we may maintain a record of your communication.


Integrated Service Provider and Linked Networks.

You can elect to sign in or sign up to the Quora Platform through a linked network (i.e.Facebook or Google), and you can connect your existing Quora account with certain third party networks like Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn (each a “Linked Network”).
If you elect to sign up through or connect a Linked Network, we receive certain profile and account information about you from the Linked Network.
These Linked Networks may also appear in your profile, so that people can find you on these Linked Networks.
The specific information provided to us by Linked Networks is determined by these third parties and may vary by network.
In all cases, the permissions page for the Linked Network will describe the information being shared.
You should consult their respective privacy policies for information about their practices.
You may elect to use information from the Linked Network to populate your profile on the Quora Platform and help you find and follow your contacts on the Quora Platform.
For information on your choices, including how to disconnect a Linked Network from your Quora profile, see the “Your Choices” section below.
You may also elect to connect and make and receive payments to and from use through third party networks (“Integrated Service Provider”).
if you do so, you will be allowing us to pass to and receive from the Integrated Service Provider your login information and other user data for payment purposes.


Automatically Collected Information About Your Activity.
 We use cookies, log files, pixel tags, local storage objects, and other tracking technologies to automatically collect information about your activities, such as your searches, page views, date and time of your visit, and other information about your use of the Quora Platform.
We also collect and may store information that your computer or mobile device provides to us in connection with your use of the Quora Platform such as your browser type, type of computer or mobile device, browser language, IP address, mobile carrier, unique device identifier, location, and requested and referring URLs.
We also receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with the Quora Platform, even if you have not created an account.
For more information, see the “Cookies, Pixels and Tracking” section below and our Cookie Policy.


Engagement.

We collect browsing information – such as IP address and location, date and time stamp, user agent, Quora cookie ID (if applicable), URL, unique advertising or content identifiers (if applicable) and time zone, and other information about user activities on the Quora Platform, as well as on third party sites and services that have embedded our Quora pixels (“Pixels”), widgets, plug-ins, buttons, or related services.
See the section below about Quora Ads and Personalization for more detailed information about how our Pixels may be used by publishers or users of our advertising services (“Ad Services”) on the Quora Platform to enable personalization, as well as your choices related to advertising and personalization.
We may also receive information about you from third parties, such as other users, partners (including ad partners), or our affiliated companies.

How We Use Your Information

We do not sell your personal data – such as your name and contact information – to third parties to use for their own marketing purposes.
Quora uses the information we collect for the following purposes:

Provide our Services.
To provide you the services we offer on the Quora Platform, communicate with you about your use of the Quora Platform, respond to your inquiries, provide troubleshooting, and for other customer service purposes.
Personalization.
To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you in the Quora Platform, to suggest followers and content, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the Quora Platform.
Advertising.
To display interest-based advertising to you in the Quora Platform, to improve our advertising and measurement systems so we can show you relevant ads, and to measure the effectiveness and reach of ads and services.
For more information, see the Ad Services section below about Quora Ads and Personalization.
Marketing and Promotions.
For marketing and promotional purposes, such as to send you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we think may interest you, including information about third party products and services.
Analytics.
To gather metrics to better understand how users access and use the Quora Platform.
to evaluate and improve the Quora Platform, including the Ad Services and personalization, and to develop new products and services.
Comply with Law.
To comply with legal obligations, as part of our general business operations, and for other business administration purposes.
Prevent Misuse.
Where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy.


How We Share Your Information

We share information as set forth below, and where individuals have otherwise consented:


Service Providers.
 We may share your information with third party service providers who use this information to perform services for us, such as payment processors, hosting providers, auditors, advisors, consultants, customer service and support providers, as well as those who assist us in providing the Ad Services.


Affiliates
.
The information collected about you may be accessed by or shared with subsidiaries and affiliates of Quora, Inc., whose use and disclosure of your personal information is subject to this Privacy Policy.


Business Transfers.

We may disclose or transfer information, including personal information, as part of any merger, sale, and transfer of our assets, acquisition or restructuring of all or part of our business, bankruptcy, or similar event.


Legally Required.
 We may disclose your information if we are required to do so by law.


Protection of Rights.

We may disclose information where we believe it necessary to respond to claims asserted against us or, comply with legal process (e.g., subpoenas or warrants), enforce or administer our agreements and terms, for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation, and protect the rights, property or safety of Quora, its users, or others.


Your Content and Activity.

Your Content, including your name, profile picture, profile information, and certain associated activity information is available to other users of the Quora Platform and may be viewed publicly.
Public viewing includes availability to non-registered visitors and can occur when users share Your Content across other sites or services.
In addition, Your Content may be indexed by search engines.
See the section below about Your Choices for information about how you may change how certain information is shared or viewed by others.


Metrics
.
We may share with users of our advertisers or publishers aggregate statistics, metrics and other reports about the performance of their ads or content in the Quora Platform such as the number of unique user views, demographics about the users who saw their ads or content, conversion rates, and date and time information.
We do not share IP addresses or personal information.
We may also allow our advertisers or publishers to use Pixels on the Quora Platform in order to collect information about the performance of their ads or content.


Anonymized and Aggregated Data.
 We may share aggregated or de-identified information with third parties for research, marketing, analytics and other purposes, provided such information does not identify a particular individual.

Cookies, Pixels and Tracking

We and our third party providers use cookies, clear GIFs/pixel tags, JavaScript, local storage, log files, and other mechanisms to automatically collect and record information about your usage and browsing activities on the Quora Platform and across third party sites or online services.
We may combine this information with other information we collect about users.
Below, we provide a brief summary these activities.
For more detailed information about these mechanisms and how we collect activity information, see our Cookie Policy.


Cookies.
These are small files with a unique identifier that are transferred to your browser through our websites.
They allow us to remember users who are logged in, to understand how users navigate through and use the Quora Platform, and to display personalized content and targeted ads (including on third party sites and applications).

Pixels, web beacons, clear GIFs.
These are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, which we use to track the online movements of users of the Quora Platform and the web pages of users of our Ad Services, and to personalize content.
We also use these in our emails to let us know when they have been opened or forwarded, so we can gauge the effectiveness of our communications.

Analytics Tools. We may use internal and third party analytics tools, including Google Analytics.
The third party analytics companies we work with may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online products and services.
Their collection and use of information is subject to their own privacy policies.


Do-Not-Track Signals. Please note we do not change system behavior within the Quora Platform in response to browser requests not to be tracked.
You may, however, disable certain tracking by third-parties as discussed in the Quora Ads and Personalization section below.
You may also opt out of tracking by Quora Pixels, as described below in Quora Ads and Personalization.

Quora Ads and Personalization

We may display personalized content (including from third party publishers) and personalized ads (including sponsored content), based on information that we have collected via the Quora Platform, and through our Pixels, widgets, and buttons embedded on third party sites.
We also may report aggregated or de-identified information about the number of users that saw a particular ad or content and related audience engagement information to users of our Ad Services and to publishers of content on the Quora Platform.
See Quora’s Pixel Privacy Terms for more information about how our Pixels are used, and also see the “Your Choices” section below for information about opting out of tracking by our Pixels.
Users of our Ad Services may also provide us with information as part of their ad campaigns, including customer list information (e.g., email addresses and demographic or interest data) with us in order to create customized audiences for their ad campaigns.
we only use this information to facilitate the particular user’s campaign (including ad metrics and reporting to that user) or for fraud detection and security purposes.
and we do not disclose this information to third parties (other than our service providers) unless required by law.
We also do not disclose to the users of our Ad Services the names or identities of their customers that were successfully reached as part of such campaigns.
As described in our Cookie Policy, we may also work with third parties such as network advertisers to serve ads on the Quora Platform and on third-party websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms), such as Google AdSense (more info here) and Facebook Audience Network (more info here).
These third parties may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you.
In addition to opting out of tracking across sites by our Pixels (see “Your Choices” section below), you also may opt out of much interest-based advertising on third party sites and through third party ad networks (including Facebook Audience Network and Google AdSense).
See “Your Choices” section below for more information about opting out of third-party ad networks.

How We Protect Your Information

The security of your information is important to us.
Quora has implemented safeguards to protect the information we collect.
However, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure.
We urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe, such as choosing a strong password and keeping it private, as well as logging out of your user account, and closing your web browser when finished using the Quora Platform on a shared or unsecured device.

Access and Amend Your Information

You may update or correct your account information at any time by logging in to your account.
You may also make a number of other adjustments to settings or the display of information about you as described in more detail in the following section about Your Choices.

Your Choices

You may, of course, decline to submit information through the Quora Platform, in which case we may not be able to provide certain services to you.
You may also control the types of notifications and communications we send, limit the information shared within the Quora Platform about you, and otherwise amend certain privacy settings.
Here is some further information about some of your choices:


Anonymous Posts.
 You may post certain content anonymously, including questions and answers.
In such event, your name is not displayed along with the content, and Quora does not associate such content with your user ID and other profile data.
For further information see how anonymity works on Quora.


Your Content
.
You may edit or delete the answers that you post at any time.
Any questions you have posted may remain on the Quora Platform and be edited by other users.
Any deleted content will be removed from third party sites from which it has been shared via Quora’s standard sharing features.
however we have no control over deletions or changes to Your Content if it has been shared manually by others.
When you make edits to Your Content, other users will be able to see the history of those edits in your profile activity and on content edit logs.


Adult Content.
 In your profile’s privacy settings, you can elect whether to receive adult content.


Emails and Communications.

When you join the Quora Platform by signing up for an account or creating a profile, as part of the service, you will receive the Quora digest containing content that we believe may match your interests.
You can manage your email and notice preferences in your account profile settings, under your Emails and Notifications settings.
If you opt out of receiving emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest you, we may still send you transactional e-mails about your account or any services you have requested or received from us.
Third parties may comment on your postings within the Quora Platform.
In your profile, under your Privacy Settings, you can adjust whether to allow people to comment on your answers and posts.
You can also adjust permissions about who you allow to send you messages on the Quora Platform.


Followers.

You can block the ability of another Quora user to follow you by selecting the setting for this in the other user’s profile.
You can change whether or not you follow other users.


Topics
.
You can change topics that you follow or that your profile lists as areas that you know about.


Credentials
.
You can change your credentials that are displayed in your profile or in connection with a specific answer.


Indexed Search.

In your privacy settings, you can control whether your profile and name is indexed by search engines.
Changes to privacy settings may only apply on a going-forward basis.
for example, your name (e.g., answers and profile) that has already been indexed by search engines may remain indexed for a period of time even after you have turned off indexing, as implementing this change is outside of our control.


Deleted or Deactivated Account.

If you choose Delete Your Account in your privacy settings, then all of Your Content will be removed from public visibility on the Quora Platform, and it may not be restored by us, even if you change your mind.
If you choose Deactivate Your Account, then you will no longer receive any communications from us, and users will not be able to interact with you.
however Your Content will remain on the Quora Platform.
Once you deactivate your account, you can reactivate it any time by choosing to log in.


Pixels
.
To opt out of tracking via the Quora Pixels, please visit this page.
Opting out of Pixels tracking may impact our ability to personalize ads and content tailored to your interests.
This setting is tied to your cookies, and, unless you are logged in to the Quora Platform, will only be effective on the browser for which you have performed the opt-out.

Third Party Ad Networks

For information about and to opt out of interest-based ads from many ad networks, go to:

U.S.: www.aboutads.info Internet Advertising Bureau
Canada: www.youradchoices.ca
European Union: www.youronlinechoices.eu/



Linked Networks.

You may connect or disconnect your Linked Networks, such as Facebook, through the Account Settings tab in your profile settings, and you may access, amend and delete much of your profile information through your profile settings.
Once you disconnect a Linked Network, we will not receive information from that Linked Network going forward.
unless you choose to reconnect it.
You may also control whether the Linked Network is visible in your profile.
Please see this page for more information about Linked Networks and the Quora Platform

Transferring Your Data

Quora is headquartered in the United States, and has operations, entities and service providers in the United States and throughout the world.
As such, we and our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or access it in, jurisdictions (including the United States) that may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction.
We will take steps to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.

Children’s Privacy

We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 (or under the age of 14 for anyone living in Spain or South Korea) or knowingly allow such persons to register.
If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the relevant age without parental consent, we take steps to delete that information.

Links to Other Websites

The Quora Platform may contain links to third party sites or online services.
We are not responsible for the practices of such third parties, whose information practices are subject to their own policies and procedures, not to this Privacy Policy.

Your California Privacy Rights

California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the types of personal information disclosed to those parties.
If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please submit your request in an email to privacy@quora.com.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about our practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@quora.com, or send mail to:
Quora, Inc.Attn: Privacy650 Castro Street, Suite 450Mountain View, CA 94041

Changes to Our Privacy Policy

If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on this page.
If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that materially change how we treat your personal information, we will endeavor to provide you with reasonable notice of such changes, such as via prominent notice in the Quora Platform or to your email address of record, and where required by law, we will obtain your consent or give you the opportunity to opt out of such changes.
Prior Versions
 Terms of Service
An Introduction to Quora’s Terms of Service

Welcome to Quora! Here is a quick summary of the highlights of our Terms of Service:




Our mission is to share and grow the world’s knowledge
.
The Quora platform offers a place to ask questions and connect with people who contribute unique insights and quality answers.
This empowers people to learn from each other and to better understand the world.

You own the content that you post.
you also grant us and other users of the Quora platform certain rights and license to use it.
The details of these licenses are described in section 3(c) below.

You are responsible for the content that you post.
This includes ensuring that you have the rights needed for you to post that content and that your content does not violate the legal rights of another party (for example, defamation) or any applicable laws.

You can repost content from Quora elsewhere, provided that that you attribute the content back to the Quora platform and respect the rights of the original poster, including any “not for reproduction” designation.

We do not endorse or verify content posted by users.
Our content and materials are provided to you “as is,” without any guarantees.
You are solely responsible for your own use of the Quora platform.
Posts from lawyers, doctors, and other professionals should not be treated as a substitute for professional advice for your specific situation.

You agree to follow the rules of our platform.
When you use the Quora platform, you also agree to our Terms of Service, accept our Privacy Policy, and agree to follow our Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy, and Trademark Policy.

We offer tools for you to give feedback and report complaints. If you think someone has violated your intellectual property rights, other laws, or Quora's policies, you can initiate a report at the contact us portal or by using our in-product reporting tool.

We are pleased that you want to join the Quora platform and encourage you to read the full Terms of Service.


Quora Terms of Service


Last
Updated: December 18, 2017

Welcome to Quora! Quora is a platform to gain and share knowledge, empowering people to learn from others and better understand the world.
These terms of service (“Terms of Service”) sets forth the agreement (“Agreement”) between you and Quora, Inc.
(“Quora” “we” or “us”).
It governs your use of the products and services we offer through our web and applications (collectively the “Quora Platform”).
Please make sure to read it, because, by using the Quora Platform, you consent to these terms.


The Mission of the Quora Platform



Quora's mission is to share and grow the world’s knowledge
.
The Quora Platform is a place to ask questions and connect with people who contribute unique insights and quality answers.
This empowers people to learn from each other and to better understand the world.

Using the Quora Platform



Who Can Use It.
Use of the Quora Platform by anyone under 13 years of age is prohibited.
You represent that you are at least the age of majority in the jurisdiction where you live or, if you are not, your parent or legal guardian must consent to this Terms of Service and affirm that they accept this Agreement on your behalf and bear responsibility for your use.

Registration.
When you set up a profile on the Quora Platform, you will be asked to provide certain information about yourself.
You agree to provide us accurate information, including your real name, when you create your account on the Quora Platform.
We will treat information you provide as part of registration in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
You should take care in maintaining the confidentiality of your password.

Privacy Policy.
Our privacy practices are set forth in our Privacy Policy.
By use of the Quora Platform, you agree to accept our Privacy Policy, regardless of whether you are a registered user.

Acceptable Use Policy. In your interaction with others on the Quora Platform, you agree to follow the Acceptable Use Policy at all times.

Termination.
You may close your account at any time by going to account settings and disabling your account.
We may terminate or suspend your Quora account if you violate any Quora policy or for any other reason.

Changes to the Quora Platform.
We are always trying to improve your experience on the Quora Platform.
We may need to add or change features and may do so without notice to you.

Feedback.
We welcome your feedback and suggestions about how to improve the Quora Platform.
Feel free to submit feedback at quora.com/contact.
By submitting feedback, you agree to grant us the right, at our discretion, to use, disclose and otherwise exploit the feedback, in whole or part, freely and without compensation to you.


Your Content



Definition of Your Content. The Quora Platform enables you to add posts, texts, photos, videos, links, and files to share with others.
All material that you upload, publish or display to others via the Quora Platform will be referred to collectively as “Your Content.” You acknowledge and agree that, as part of using the Quora Platform, Your Content may be viewed by the general public.

Ownership.
You, or your licensors, as applicable, retain ownership of the copyright and other intellectual property in Your Content, subject to the non-exclusive rights granted to us below.

License and Permission to Use Your Content.


By submitting, posting, or displaying Your Content on the Quora Platform, you grant Quora and its affiliated companies a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty free, fully paid up, transferable, sublicensable (through multiple tiers), license to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, create derivative works from, publish, transmit, store, display and distribute, and otherwise use Your Content in connection with the operation or use of the Quora Platform or the promotion, advertising or marketing thereof, in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed).
You agree that this license includes the right for Quora to make Your Content available to other companies, organizations, business partners, or individuals who collaborate with Quora for the syndication, broadcast, distribution or publication of Your Content through other media or distribution methods.
This license also includes the right for other users of the Quora Platform to use and modify Your Content, subject to our Terms of Service.
Once you post an answer to a question, you may edit or delete your answer at any time from public display on http://www.quora.com, except in the case of anonymously posted answers.
However, we may not be able to control removal of the answer from display on syndicated channels or other previously distributed methods outside of www.quora.com.
Quora may remove suspected spam from your answers.
Once you post a question, it may be edited or deleted by other users or by Quora at any time.
Any edits and changes made by you may be visible to other users.
The right for Quora to copy, display, transmit, publish, perform, distribute, store, modify, and otherwise use any question you post, and sublicense those rights to others, is perpetual and irrevocable, to the maximum extent permitted by law, except as otherwise specified in this Agreement.
You acknowledge and agree that Quora may preserve Your Content and may also disclose Your Content and related information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process, applicable laws or government requests.
(b) enforce these Terms of Service.
(c) respond to claims that any of Your Content violates the rights of third parties.
(d) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
or (e) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Quora, its users, or the public.
You understand that we may modify, adapt, or create derivative works from Your Content in order to transmit, display or distribute it over computer networks, devices, service providers, and in various media.
We also may remove or refuse to publish Your Content, in whole or part, at any time.
You further give us the permission and authority to act as your nonexclusive agent to take enforcement action against any unauthorized use by third-parties of any of Your Content outside of the Quora Platform or in violation of our Terms of Service.


Your Responsibilities for Your Content.
By posting Your Content on the Quora Platform, you represent and warrant to us that: i) you have the ownership rights, or you have obtained all needed licenses or permissions from any necessary parties, to use Your Content and grant us the rights to use Your Content as provided for under this Agreement, and ii) that posting Your Content violates no intellectual property or personal right of others or any applicable law or regulation.
You accept full responsibility for avoiding infringement of the intellectual property or personal rights of others or violation of laws and regulations in connection with Your Content. You are responsible for ensuring that Your Content does not violate Quora’s Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy , Trademark Policy, other published Quora policy, or any applicable law or regulation.
You agree to pay all royalties, fees, and any other monies owed to any person by reason of Your Content.


Our Content and Materials



Definition of Our Content and Materials.
All intellectual property in or related to the Quora Platform (specifically including, but not limited to our software, the Quora marks, the Quora logo, but excluding Your Content) is the property of Quora Inc., or its subsidiaries and affiliates, or content posted by other Quora users licensed to us (collectively “Our Content and Materials”).

Data.
All data Quora collects (“Data”) about use of the Quora Platform by you or others is the property of Quora Inc., its subsidiaries, and affiliates.
For clarity, Data does not include Your Content and is separate from Our Content and Materials.

Our License to You.

We grant you a limited, non-exclusive license to use and access Our Content and Materials and Data as made available to you on the Quora Platform in connection with your use of the Quora Platform, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Quora gives you a worldwide, royalty-free, revocable, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to re-post Our Content and Materials anywhere on the web provided that: (a) the content in question was added to the Quora Platform after April 22, 2010.
(b) the user who created the content has not explicitly marked the content as not for reproduction on the Quora Platform.
(c) you do not modify the content.
(d) you attribute Quora by name in readable text and with a human and machine-followable link (an HTML &lt;a&gt.
anchor tag) linking back to the page displaying the original source of the content on http://quora.com

on every page that contains Our Content and Materials.
(e) upon request, either by Quora or a user, you remove the user's name from content which the user has subsequently made anonymous.
(f) upon request, either by Quora or by a user who contributed to the content, you make a reasonable effort to update a particular piece of content to the latest version on the Quora Platform.
and (g) upon request, either by Quora or by a user who contributed to the content, you make a reasonable attempt to delete content that has been deleted or marked as not for reproduction on the Quora Platform.
(h) you don’t republish more than a small portion of Our Content and Materials.
In exercising these rights, you may not implicitly or explicitly assert any connection with, sponsorship or endorsement by Quora, or any Quora user, without separate, express prior written permission from us.
We may terminate our license to you at any time for any reason.
We have the right but not the obligation to refuse to distribute any content on the Quora Platform or to remove content.
Except for the rights and license granted in these terms, we reserve all other rights and grant no other rights or licenses, implied or otherwise.


Permitted uses.
If you operate a search engine, web crawler, bot, scraping tool, data mining tool, bulk downloading tool, wget utility, or similar data gathering or extraction tool, you may access the Quora Platform, subject to the following additional rules: i) you must use a descriptive user agent header.
ii) you must follow robots.txt at all times.
iii) your access must not adversely affect any aspect of the Quora Platform’s functioning.
and iv) you must make it clear how to contact you, either in your user agent string, or on your website if you have one.

No Endorsement or Verification. Please note that the Quora Platform contains access to third-party content, products and services, and it offers interactions with third parties.
Participation or availability on the Quora Platform does not amount to endorsement or verification by us.
We make no warranties or representations about the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of any content posted on the Quora Platform by anyone.

Ownership.
You acknowledge and agree that Our Content and Materials remain the property of Quora's users or Quora.
The content, information and services made available on the Quora Platform are protected by U.S.
and international copyright, trademark, and other laws, and you acknowledge that these rights are valid and enforceable.


Integrated Service Provider

You may enable another online service provider, such as a social networking service (“Integrated Service Provider”), to be directly integrated into your account on the Quora Platform.
By enabling an integrated service, you are allowing us to pass to, and receive from, the Integrated Service Provider your log-in information and other user data.
For more information about Quora’s use, storage, and disclosure of information related to you and your use of integrated services within Quora, please see our Privacy Policy.
Note that your use of any Integrated Service Provider and its own handling of your data and information is governed solely by their terms of use, privacy policies, and other policies.

More About Certain Offerings on the Quora Platform



Digests.
When you sign up for the Quora Platform, the service includes receipt of a digest of questions and answers that may be of interest to you.
You can opt-out of receipt of the digest, and adjust other communication settings, by going to “Email and Notification” settings in your account profile, as further described in our Privacy Policy.

Advertisements.
The Quora Platform may include advertisements, which may be targeted to content or information on the Quora Platform, queries made through the Quora Platform, or other information, in an effort to make them relevant to you.
The types and extent of advertising by Quora are subject to change.
In consideration for Quora granting you access to and use of the Quora Platform, you agree that Quora and its third party providers and partners may place such advertising on the Quora Platform.
If you wish to become an advertiser, you will be required to enter into separate and supplemental terms with us about providing advertising services on the Quora Platform.

Legal, Medical &amp.
Other Professional Contributors.
Some users who post content are members of legal, medical, and other licensed professions (collectively, “Professional Contributors”).
Content posted by Professional Contributors should be not be relied on as a substitute for advice from a professional that is appropriate for your specific situation.
Quora has provided certain disclaimer template language that Professional Contributors may edit and incorporate in their answers.
Ethics rules differ by state or location, and it is the responsibility of Professional Contributors to determine and provide disclaimers appropriate for their profession and the content provided.

Buttons, Links and Widgets.
You have permission to use Quora's buttons, links, and widgets, subject to these Terms of Service (including the disclaimers and limitations of liability) and provided that: (a) your use of such buttons, links and widgets link only to the Quora Platform.
(b) you will not modify such buttons, links, or widgets or associated code in any manner.
(c) you will not use any such buttons, links, or widgets in any manner which implies or suggests that Quora endorses, sponsors, or recommends the website on which such buttons, links and widgets are used.
and (d) the use of such buttons, links and widgets, and the website on which such buttons, links and widgets are used do not violate Quora’s Acceptable Use Policy.

Web resources and third-party services.
The Quora Platform may also offer you the opportunity to visit links to other websites or to engage with third-party products or services.
You assume all risk arising out of your use of such websites or resources.

Services that Require Separate Agreement.
Certain features or services may require that you enter into a separate and supplemental written agreement prior to use.


Reporting Violations of Your Intellectual Property Rights, Quora Policies, or Applicable Laws
We have a special process for reporting violations of your intellectual property rights or other violations of Quora policies or applicable laws.


Copyright Policy and Trademark Policy.
We have adopted and implemented a Copyright Policy and Trademark Policy.
For more information, including detailed information about how to submit a request for takedown if you believe content on the Quora Platform infringes your intellectual property rights, please read our Copyright Policy

and

Trademark Policy.
For your convenience, we provide you the following Copyright Infringement Claim Form and Trademark Infringement Claim Form, which you should use, as applicable, for fastest processing.

Reports of Other Violations.
If you believe content on the Quora Platform violates Quora’s Acceptable Use Policy

or otherwise violates applicable law (apart from copyright or trademark violations) or other Quora policies, you may submit the following Other Infringement Claim Form
.

We have no obligation to delete content that you personally may find objectionable or offensive.
We endeavor to respond promptly to requests for content removal, consistent with our policies and applicable law.


DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY SINCE IT LIMITS THE LIABILITY OF QUORA ENTITIES TO YOU.

“QUORA ENTITIES” MEANS QUORA INC., AND ANY SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, RELATED COMPANIES, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS AND PARTNERS, AND THE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES OF EACH OF THEM.
EACH PROVISION BELOW APPLIES TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

WE ARE PROVIDING YOU THE QUORA PLATFORM, ALONG WITH OUR CONTENT AND MATERIALS AND THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONNECT WITH OTHERS, ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, QUORA ENTITIES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE SERVICE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR TRADE USEAGE.
QUORA MAKES NO PROMISES WITH RESPECT TO, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR: (i) CONTENT POSTED BY ANY USER OR THIRD PARTY.
(ii) ANY THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE, THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT, OR THIRD-PARTY SERVICE LISTED ON OR ACCESSIBLE TO YOU THROUGH THE QUORA PLATFORM, INCLUDING AN INTEGRATED SERVICE PROVIDER OR PROFESSIONAL CONTRIBUTOR.
(iii) THE QUALITY OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY YOU ENCOUNTER IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE QUORA PLATFORM.
OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR CONTENT.
QUORA MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT: (a) THE QUORA PLATFORM WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS.
(b) THE QUORA PLATFORM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE.
(c) THE RESULTS OR INFORMATION THAT YOU MAY OBTAIN FROM THE USE OF THE QUORA PLATFORM, A PROFESSIONAL CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY OTHER USER WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE.
OR (d) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL OBTAINED OR PURCHASED BY YOU THROUGH THE QUORA PLATFORM WILL BE SATISFACTORY.
YOU AGREE THAT TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, QUORA ENTITIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, QUORA ENTITIES SPECIFICALLY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, REPUTATIONAL HARM, OR LOSS OF DATA (EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR SUCH DAMAGES ARE FORESEEABLE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE QUORA PLATFORM.
YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE QUORA PLATFORM IS TO STOP USING THE QUORA PLATFORM.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, QUORA’S MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR LOSSES OR DAMAGES THAT YOU SUFFER IN CONNECTION WITH THE QUORA PLATFORM OR THIS AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID TO QUORA IN CONNECTION WITH THE QUORA PLATFORM IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACTION GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES.
AS A RESULT, THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU IN WHOLE OR IN PART, AND THE FOREGOING SECTIONS 8(c), 8(d), AND 8(e) WILL NOT APPLY TO A RESIDENT OF NEW JERSEY, TO THE EXTENT DAMAGES TO SUCH NEW JERSEY RESIDENT ARE THE RESULT OF QUORA’S NEGLIGENT, FRAUDULENT, RECKLESS, OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT.


Indemnification

You agree to release, indemnify, and defend Quora Entities from all third-party claims and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or related to: i) your use of the Quora Platform, ii) Your Content, iii) your conduct or interactions with other users of the Quora Platform, or iv) your breach of any part of this Agreement.
We will promptly notify you of any such claim and will provide you (at your expense) with reasonable assistance in defending the claim.
You will allow us to participate in the defense and will not settle any such claim without our prior written consent.
We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
In that event, you will have no further obligation to defend us in that matter.

Dispute Resolution

This Agreement and any action arising out of your use of the Quora Platform will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to or application of its conflict of law provisions or your state or country of residence.
Unless submitted to arbitration as set forth in the following paragraph, all claims, legal proceedings or litigation arising in connection with your use of the Quora Platform will be brought solely in Santa Clara County, California, and you consent to the jurisdiction of and venue in such courts and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum.
For any claim (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) under this Agreement where the total amount of the award sought is less than $10,000 USD, the party requesting relief may elect to resolve the dispute through binding non-appearance-based arbitration.
The party electing such arbitration will initiate the arbitration through an established alternative dispute resolution ("ADR") provider mutually agreed upon by the parties.
The ADR provider and the parties must comply with the following rules: a) the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or be solely based on written submissions, as selected by the party initiating the arbitration.
b) the arbitration will not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties.
and c) any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

General Terms



Changes to these Terms.
We may amend this Agreement (including any policies, such as the Privacy Policy , Acceptable Use Policy , Copyright Policy, and

Trademark Policy that are incorporated into this Agreement) at any time, in our sole discretion.
If we amend material terms to this Agreement, such amendment will be effective after we send you notice of the amended agreement.
Such notice will be in our sole discretion, and the manner of notification could include, for example, via email, posted notice on the Quora Platform, or other manner.
You can view the Agreement and our main policies at any time here.
Your failure to cancel your account, or cease use of the Quora Platform, after receiving notification of the amendment, will constitute your acceptance of the amended terms.
If you do not agree to the amendments or to any of the terms in this Agreement, your only remedy is to cancel your account or to cease use of the Quora Platform.

Governing Law and Jurisdiction.
You agree that Quora is operated in the United States and will be deemed to be solely based in California and a passive service for purposes of jurisdictional analysis.
For any claims for which arbitration is inapplicable, you agree that such claims will be brought in federal or state court in Santa Clara County, California and governed by laws of the state of California and federal law, without regard to any conflict of law provisions.

Use Outside of the United States.
Quora expressly disclaims any representation or warranty that the Quora Platform complies with all applicable laws and regulations outside of the United States.
If you use the Quora Platform outside of the United States, you expressly understand and agree that you are responsible for determining compliance with different laws, regulations, or customs that may apply in connection with your use of the Quora Platform.

Export
.
The Quora Platform is controlled and operated from our United States offices in California.
Quora software is subject to United States export controls.
No software for Quora may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of any applicable laws or regulations.
You represent that you are not (1) located in a country that is subject to a U.S.
government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and (2) listed on any U.S.
government list of prohibited or restricted parties.

Applications and Mobile Devices.
If you access the Quora Platform through a Quora application, you acknowledge that this Agreement is between you and Quora only, and not with another application service provider or application platform provider (such as Apple Inc.
or Google Inc.), which may provide you the application subject to its own terms.
To the extent you access the Quora Platform through a mobile device, your wireless carrier’s standard charges, data rates, and other fees may apply.

Survival.
The following provisions will survive expiration or termination of this Agreement: Section 2(e)(Termination), 2(g)(Feedback), Section 3(Your Content), Section4(a)-(b) and (d)-(f)(Our Content and Materials), Section 8 (Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability), Section 9 (Indemnification), Sections 10 (Dispute Resolution), and Section 11 (General Terms).

Notice for California Users.
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California web users are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Quora Platform is provided by Quora, Inc., located in Mountain View, California.
If you have a question or complaint regarding the Quora Platform, please contact Quora at support@Quora.com.
California residents may reach the Department of Consumer Affairs Consumer Information Division at 1625 N.
Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210 or Hearing Impaired at TDD (800) 326-2297 or TDD (916) 322-1700.

Government End Users. Any Quora software and related documentation are “Commercial Items,” as that term is deﬁned at 48 C.F.R.
§2.101, consisting of “Commercial Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation,” as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R.
§12.212 or 48 C.F.R.
§227.7202 (as applicable).
Consistent with 48 C.F.R.
§12.212 or 48 C.F.R.
§227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (as applicable), the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S.
government end users: (i) only as Commercial Items.
and (ii) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to this Agreement.

Assignment. You may not assign or transfer this Agreement (or any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement) without our prior written consent.
any attempted assignment or transfer without complying with the foregoing will be void.
We may freely assign or transfer this Agreement.
This Agreement inures to the benefit of and is binding upon the parties and their respective legal representatives, successors, and assigns.

Electronic Communications.
You consent to receive communications from us by email in accordance with this Agreement and applicable law.
You acknowledge and agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically will satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.

Entire Agreement/ Severability.
This Agreement supersedes all prior terms, agreements, discussions and writings regarding the Quora Platform and constitutes the entire agreement between you and us regarding the Quora Platform (except as to services that require separate written agreement with us, in addition to this Agreement).
If any provision in this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, then that provision will not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions of the Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect.

Interpretation.
In construing or interpreting the terms of this Agreement: (i) the headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, and are not to be considered, and (ii) no presumption is to operate in either party’s favor as a result of its counsel’s role in drafting this Agreement.

Notices. All notices permitted or required under this Agreement, unless specified otherwise in this Agreement, must be sent in writing as follows in order to be valid: (i) if to you, by us via email to the address associated with your account, and (ii) if to us, by you via Legal@Quora.com.
Notices will be deemed given (a) if to you, when emailed, and (b) if to us, on receipt by us.

Relationship.
This Agreement does not create a joint venture, agency, partnership, or other form of joint enterprise between you and us.
Except as expressly provided herein, neither party has the right, power, or authority to create any obligation or duty, express or implied, on behalf of the other.

Waiver.
No wavier of any terms will be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term.
Our failure to assert a right or provision under this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

Further Assurances. You agree to execute a hard copy of this Agreement and any other documents, and to take any actions at our expense that we may request to confirm and effect the intent of this Agreement and any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement.

Contact. Feel free to contact us through quora.com/contact with any questions about these terms.
Quora is a Delaware corporation, located at 650 Castro Street, Suite 450, Mountain View, CA 94041.


