 PRIVACY PLEDGES
Reputation.com, Inc.
and its subsidiaries (Reputation.com UK Ltd., Reputation.com Germany GmbH, Reputation.com India Private Limited) (“Reputation.com”, the “Company” or “we”, “us”, and/or “our”) are committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who visit our website, and those individuals and businesses who purchase or use our products and services.
This Privacy Policy describes Reputation.com’s privacy practices in relation to the use of our websites and the related applications and services offered by Reputation.com and your choices about how we use personal data about you.
(learn more)
Reputation.com has also certified certain of its services under the Swiss-US Privacy Shield and&nbsp;EU–U.S.
Privacy Shield framework set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce, the European Union and Switzerland.
(learn more)
We collect and use personal data to operate effectively and provide you the best experiences with our services.
We only use your personal data where we have a proper legal basis for doing so.
(learn more)
We do not sell, give, rent or trade your personal data to advertisers, marketers or spammers.
(learn more)
We store your personal data only so long as we need it to provide our services to you and fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
(learn more)
If you provide personal data to us about your customers or clients, we will keep that information confidential and will only use it as necessary to provide the services you have purchased.
We will not share such information with third parties, including advertisers or marketers or spammers.
(learn more)
We take the security of your personal data seriously, and use industry standard safeguards to protect any personal data stored on our systems.
(learn more)
We use cookies to help us understand how visitors use our site, but we never sell or transfer any of this information to third parties.
(learn more)
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any websites linked to our site if they are not controlled or owned by Reputation.com.
Please be diligent when visiting any other websites.
(learn more)
We like to send you information and updates via email but you are welcome to opt out of receiving this information at any time.
We will ask your prior consent if required by the law of the country in which you are located.
(learn more)
This Privacy Policy is legally binding and may be updated from time to time.
(learn more)
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at privacy@reputation.com.

&nbsp;PRIVACY POLICY
Effective August 1, 2018

&nbsp;1.
ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Reputation.com (“Reputation.com”), has created this privacy statement (“Privacy Policy”) in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and to be transparent about our policies and practices in order to protect your privacy as you visit the Reputation.com website and/or use our mobile applications, and associated sub-domains (collectively, the “Site”) and in relation to your use of our Site and the related applications and services offered by us (“Services”).
In this Privacy Policy, “Personal Data” means any information that, either alone or in combination with other information, can be used to identify you.
This Privacy Policy explains: (i) what Personal Data we collect when you use the Site or the Services.
(ii) how Reputation.com collects, uses, shares, transfers and secures your Personal Data, and (iii) your choices regarding your Personal Data.
Your use of the Site, or your purchase of our Services, constitutes an acceptance of our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@reputation.com.

&nbsp;2.
EU-U.S.
PRIVACY SHIELD / SWISS-US PRIVACY SHIELDReputation.com participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework.
Reputation.com is committed to subjecting all Personal Data received from European Union (“EU”) member countries and Switzerland, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit&nbsp;https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
We are accountable for the processing of Personal Data we receive from the EU&nbsp;or Switzerland under the Privacy Shield Framework and that we may subsequently transfer to third parties that we engage to process such data on our behalf (see “Our Use of Information” below).&nbsp.
In the event that the third parties process your Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, we are responsible if they do so and for the harm caused.
In certain situations, Reputation.com may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
With respect to Personal Data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Reputation.com is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission.
Human resources (HR) data that is transferred to Reputation.com from the EU under the Privacy Shield is subject to a separate HR privacy policy, which is available for viewing by all employees.
Further, Reputation.com commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to HR data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Reputation.com commits to resolve complaints about our processing of your Personal Data.
If you have any inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy, please first contact Reputation.com at privacy@reputation.com.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider JAMS (free of charge) at&nbsp;https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-claim.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration if your complaint is not resolved through these channels.
&nbsp;3.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In some areas of the Site (such as when you set up an account or provide information for us to contact you or when you ask for additional information) and in connection with our Services, Reputation.com will collect Personal Data, including your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, username[s], credit card number, billing information and other information which you voluntarily provide.
If you request us to do so, by signing up for one of our services which involves collecting or tracking your Personal Data, we may collect your Personal Data from third-party sources and platforms (such as online review sites, social media sites or other sites on the Internet).
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically.
This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the Site.
This information is never sold, rented, traded or given to third parties such as advertisers, spammers or marketers, though in some cases it may be provided to a third party that has been engaged to provide certain services to us and that is under an agreement of confidentiality with respect to such personal data.
We also collect analytical data related to the performance of this Site via tracking technologies.
(See “Tracking Technologies” below.)

&nbsp;4.
OUR USE OF INFORMATIONRegistration
In order to use certain areas of the Site, you may first be required to complete a registration form, including a username and password.
During registration, you may be required to give contact information, such as your name and email address.
We use this information to contact you about the services on the Site in which you have expressed interest.
Specifically, we will send you a welcome email and will also email you when a report has been prepared for you related to the product(s) that you have selected.
This use of your data is necessary to respond to or implement your request before we enter into a contract or, for our customers, it is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us.
Special Offers and UpdatesUsing your name and email address, we may send you information on products, services, discounts and promotions related to Reputation.com.
You can sign up for these emails on our registration page during the registration process.
Out of respect for your privacy, we present you with the option not to receive these types of communications each time we send you such communications.
Please see “Choice and Opt-out.” If you are an individual in the EU or Switzerland, we will only send you this information if you consent to us doing so at the time you provide us with your Personal Data (in such case, our legal basis for the processing of your Personal Data will be your consent, but you shall always have the option to unsubscribe).Public ForumsThe Site offers publicly accessible blogs.
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you input into these areas.
To request removal of your Personal Data from our blog, contact us at privacy@reputation.com.Facebook Connect
You can log in to the Site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider.
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data with us, such as your name and email address, to pre-populate our sign up form.
When you provide Reputation.com access to your account on these services, we will collect relevant information necessary to enable us to access that social media service, however you will provide your login information, like your password, directly to such service (and not to Reputation.com).
Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on the Site to your profile page to share with others within your network.
You should take care to monitor and control what information these other websites and services collect and make public about you.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third-party sites and any information you post on these sites are governed by the privacy policy or practices and terms of service of that site.
Social Media Widgets&nbsp;Our Site includes social media features, such as the Facebook button and widgets, such as share buttons or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site (“Social Media Features”).
The Social Media Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the Social Media Feature to function properly.
Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site.
Your interactions with these Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policy or practices and terms of service of the company providing it.Internal Uses of Your Personal DataWe use the information we collect about you for certain legitimate business interests, notably in order to:

process your transactions
provide customer service and manage your account
conduct analytics on how the Site and our Services are being used by you, in order to improve our Services (for example, to ensure that our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer/device) and inform our marketing strategy (by presenting you with products and sending you offers tailored to you and your interests)
send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the Site and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies
respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to send you requested materials and newsletters, as well as information and materials regarding our products and services
share Personal Data among our affiliates and subsidiaries for administrative purposes and in relation to our sales and marketing activities
prevent fraud or criminal activity, misuses of our products or services, and ensure the security of our IT systems, architecture and networks
(a) comply with legal obligations and legal process, (b) respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence.
(c) enforce our terms and conditions.
(d) protect our operations.
(e) protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of you or others.
and (f) allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain
If you ask us to delete your data and we are required to fulfil your request, to keep basic data to identify you and prevent further unwanted processing

&nbsp;5.
OUR DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Reputation.com will not disclose any Personal Data about any individual except as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
This applies to information about our customers and information that our customers provide to us about their customers.
We give access to your Personal Data only to those who require it for the above purposes.
Reputation.com will not sell or rent any of your Personal Data to third parties.
Reputation.com will not share any of your Personal Data with third parties except in the limited circumstances described below:
We share information with service providers under contract who help with our business operations, payment and order processing, IT and hosting, fraud investigation, bill collection, information management and analytics, providers of CRM, marketing and sales software solutions.
If content generation is included in your Services, we may share information with service providers under contract to create, edit and/or publish such content.
These third parties are obligated to protect your information and to use your Personal Data only as necessary to provide these services to Reputation.com.
They are contractually prohibited from using your Personal Data for any other purpose and are never permitted to share your information with any third parties.
We disclose information that we, in good faith, believe is appropriate to cooperate in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity, to conduct investigations of violations of our Terms of Use and/or to protect our right, protect your safety and the safety of others.
We disclose information in response to a subpoena, warrant, court order, levy, attachment, order of a court-appointed receiver or other comparable legal process, including subpoenas from private parties in a civil action.
If the subpoena seeks information about an identified subscriber or limited group of subscribers, we’ll make reasonable business efforts to contact the subscriber(s) before providing information to the party that requests it.
We cannot guarantee that we will be able to in all cases, whether because of a time limit, court order, inability to effectively contact a subscriber, or for any other reason.
When a user signs up for a co-branded version of our Services through links to Reputation.com from our co-branded partner’s website, we will share with the co-branded partner that user’s name, e-mail address and physical address in order to provide enhanced integration between Reputation.com’s services and the services of our co-branded partner.
If you do not want your information shared with Reputation.com Inc.’s co-branded partner, you should sign up for Reputation.com directly through www.reputation.com and other sub-domains and not through a link from our partner’s website.
We disclose information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).
We share information with companies that provide public relations and marketing services for us.
Such information will only be shared by us to customize, measure and improve our products, services and advertising.
It will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes.
These third parties are contractually obligated to protect your information and are prohibited from using your Personal Data for any other purpose.
As with any other business, it is possible that Reputation.com in the future could merge with or be acquired by another company.
If such an acquisition occurs, the successor company would have access to the information maintained by Reputation.com, including customer account information, but would continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy unless and until it is amended.
We share your information with our parent and/or subsidiaries to help coordinate the services we provide to you, enforce our terms and conditions, and promote trust and safety.
The implementation of our Services, by its very nature, may require publishing your Personal Data in order to post review responses, post on social media sites, etc.
For example, we may have to disclose your name to a review website in order to post a response to a review.
This occurs with your express permission for a specific, given purpose.


Unless specifically stated otherwise in your written agreement with us, we collect, store and process your Personal Data on servers located in the United States.
Due to the unpredictable nature of Internet routing, your information may pass through other countries while in transit to our servers.

&nbsp;6.
EU INDIVIDUALS

&nbsp;
Scope.
This section applies solely to individuals in the EU (for these purposes, reference to the EU also includes the European Economic Area countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway and, where applicable, Switzerland).
Our Privacy Policy describes why and how Reputation.com collects, uses and stores your Personal Data, the lawful basis on which your Personal Data is processed, and what your rights and our obligations are in relation to such processing under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (please read “Your Rights” below).

Data Controller.
In cases when Reputation.com collects or gathers information directly from you, Reputation.com is the data controller for processing your Personal Data.
The data controller is responsible for deciding how personal data about you is used.
Please see the “Contact Us” section below to find out how to contact us.
In other cases, when services are being provided by Reputation.com to its customers, who provide data to Reputation.com to perform certain services, then Reputation.com is a data processor.

Your Rights.
Subject to applicable EU law, you have the following rights in relation to your Personal Data:

Right of access: If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data and, if so, provide you with a copy of that Personal Data along with certain other details.
If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.

Right to rectification: If your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to ask that we correct or complete it.
If we shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the correction where possible.
If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so you can contact them directly.

Right to erasure: You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data, such as where you withdraw your consent.
If we shared your data with others, we will tell them about the erasure where possible.
If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data with so you can contact them directly.

Right to restrict processing: You may ask us to restrict or ‘block’ the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of the data or object to us processing it.
We will tell you before we lift any restriction on processing.
If we shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the restriction where possible.
If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so you can contact them directly.

Right to data portability: You have the right to obtain your Personal Data from us that you consented to give us or that was provided to us as necessary in connection with our contract with you.
We will give you your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.&nbsp.
You may reuse it elsewhere.

Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling: You have the right to be free from decisions based solely on automated processing of your Personal Data, including profiling, unless such profiling in necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us or you provide your explicit consent

Right to object: You may ask us at any time to stop processing your Personal Data, and we will do so:
If we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your Personal Data — unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing or
If we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing.



Right to withdraw consent: If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, but this will not affect any processing of your data that has already taken place.

Right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority: If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we handled your Personal Data, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns.



You may exercise the above-referenced rights by contacting us as indicated under “Contact Us” section below.


Legitimate Interest.
“Legitimate interests” mean our interests in conducting and managing our organization and delivering the best Services to you.
This Privacy Policy describes when we process your Personal Data for our legitimate interests, what these interests are and your rights.
We will not use your Personal Data for activities where the impact on you overrides our interests, unless we have your consent or those activities are otherwise required or permitted to by law.
You have the right to object to processing that is based on our legitimate interests.
For more information on your rights, please see “Your Rights” above.

Data Transfers.
We rely on the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield certification to transfer Personal Data that we receive from the EU to Reputation.com in the U.S.
(for more information, please read the “Privacy Shield” section above).

&nbsp;7.
UPDATING INFORMATIONUpon request, Reputation.com will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Data.
You may review, correct, update, change or delete your Personal Data on your Reputation.com account profile at any time.
&nbsp;Simply log into your Reputation.com account, go to your user profile, review your Personal Data and, if you wish, edit it with the options provided.
If you are unable to edit your Personal Data by logging into your account, then please contact us for assistance.
Customer Service is available to assist with this between 6:00 a.m.
and 8:00 p.m.
PST or you may email privacy@reputation.com.
If you wish your Personal Data to be deleted from our database, you may email your request to privacy@reputation.com.
The process of removing information may take up to 30 days.
&nbsp;8.
DATA RETENTION
We will retain your information for at least as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
We may also keep your information for longer periods of time consistent with our normal business practices and record-keeping requirements.
We will retain Personal Data we process on behalf of our clients for as long as needed to provide Services to our client.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences until you opt out of receiving these communications and in accordance with our policies.
To determine the appropriate retention period for your Personal Data, we will consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data, the purposes for which we use your Personal Data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances we may anonymize your Personal Data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case it is no longer Personal Data.

&nbsp;9.
PERSONAL DATA OF THIRD PARTIES THAT WE RECEIVE FROM OUR CUSTOMERS AND CLIENTS
The implementation of our Services may require you to share with us information about third parties such as your customers, including Personally Data such as names and email addresses.
We treat such information confidentially and do not share it with any third parties, except as described above as necessary to perform our services.
Such information is maintained in accordance with this Policy.
The use of information collected through our Services will be limited to the purpose of providing the services for which you have engaged Reputation.com.
Reputation.com collects this information under the direction of its clients, and has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes.
If you are a customer of one of our clients and would no longer like to be contacted by one of our clients that use our service, please contact the client that you interact with directly.
We may transfer Personal Data to companies that help us provide our service.
Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Clients.
Reputation.com acknowledges that you have the right to access your Personal Data.
An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct his query to the Reputation.com’s Client (the data controller).
If requested to remove data we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.

&nbsp;10.
INFORMATION SECURITY

&nbsp;The security of your Personal Data is important to us.
If you provide sensitive information, such as credit card number, on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
Reputation.com is committed to handling your customer information with high standards of information security.
The Personal Data that we collect, and that you provide, is stored by us is and contained behind a “firewall” and only accessible by those who need to know that information and who have special access rights to our production systems.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information.
We test our security systems regularly and also contract with outside companies to test our security systems and processes.
However, no security system is perfect.
We do not guarantee or warrant that there will be no unauthorized access to your data.
We will make all reasonable business efforts to protect your information, but no system can prevent all malicious attacks against our system or commonly used Internet protocols or software (e.g., SSL).
Please see our technical pages for more information about the security systems used.
The security of your Reputation.com account also relies on your protection of your Reputation.com password.
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your password.
You are solely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account.
You should not share your Reputation.com password with anyone.
Reputation.com will never ask you to send your password or other sensitive information to us in an e-mail, though we may ask you to enter this type of information on the Site, which will always have a URL beginning with https://www.reputation.com.
If you receive an email that asks you for your log in information or password, it is not from us and you should not respond.
Any e-mail or other communication requesting your password, asking you to provide sensitive account information via email, or linking to a website with a URL that does not begin with https://www.reputation.com should be treated as unauthorized and suspicious and should be reported to Reputation.com immediately by emailing helpdesk@reputation.com.
If you do share your Reputation.com password with a third party for any reason, the third party will have access to your account and your Personal Data, and you may be responsible for actions taken using your password.
If you believe someone else has obtained access to your password, please change it immediately by logging in to your account at www.reputation.com and changing your Profile settings.
If you believe that an unauthorized access has already occurred please report it immediately by emailing helpdesk@reputation.com.
Reputation.com may have access to your password and may use such password to access your account for debugging, quality assurance, or other internal purposes.

&nbsp;11.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Reputation.com and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
To find out more about cookies and similar technologies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
If you are based in the European Economic Area, when you first visit the Site, you will be asked to consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies on the Site in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and if you accept we will store cookies on your computer.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer.
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies.
A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser.
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time.
You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file.
Click here for more information on how to remove persistent cookies.
We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the Site, specifically to track your session ID and to track whether or not you are logged into the Site.
Without these cookies, basic functions of our Site would not work.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Site and our services, you cannot refuse them.
We use cookies from Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc.
(“Google”).
The information collected by Google (including your internet protocol (IP) address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google will use this information on our behalf for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on the Site activity and providing further services to us relating to the Site usage.
Learn more about Google Analytics’ privacy practices here, and for information on the expiration of these cookies read here.
You can prevent your data from being collected by Google Analytics on our Site by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser here.
We partner with a third parties to manage our advertising on other sites Our third party partner may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising click here or if located in the European Union click here.
In addition, we partner with a third party advertising provider (Leadlander, Marketo and DemandBase), Inc.
to track information on your browsing history as you surf our Site and then serve targeted display ads to you on other websites.
You can learn more here.
To opt out of receiving any advertising from these providers, please opt out here or email us at privacy@reputation.com Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
We set a persistent cookie to store how you came to the Site and what purchase packages and discounts we are able to offer you upon your registration.
Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on the Site.
You may adjust your browser settings to refuse or to remove or clear cookies by following the directions provided in your browser settings.
If you reject cookies, you will still be able to view the Site, but your ability to use some areas of the Site, will be limited.
You will be unable to log into the Site if you reject cookies.
If you access the Site on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through the settings.
We employ and our third party advertising partners (such as Marketo) employs a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a.
Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that helps us better manage content on the Site by informing us what content is effective.
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies and are used to learn about the interactions of our users with the Site and our outbound emails.
In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.
We tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our website visitors Personal Data.
We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails recipients have opened.
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.

&nbsp;12.
LINKED SITESThe Site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Reputation.com Please be aware that we, Reputation.com, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal data.
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by the Site.
&nbsp;13.
CHOICE AND OPT-OUT

&nbsp;We provide you the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your Personal Data used for certain purposes when we ask for this information.
For example, if you purchase a product/service, but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference in the Site’s account area.
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at privacy@reputation.com.
We also offer an opportunity to opt-out of certain communications on the Site, via our user account area.

&nbsp;14.
MOBILE APP DISCLOSURES
When you download and use our Services, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use and operating system version.
We may send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about any events or promotions that we may be running.
If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone.
This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile application.

&nbsp;15.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to make material changes to our privacy policy, we will notify you by e-mail through the primary e-mail address specified in your account and/or post those changes to this privacy statement on the Site homepage, prior to the changes taking effect.
You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you.
You are also responsible for regularly reviewing the Privacy Statement and related documents.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time.
In the event Reputation.com, goes through a business transition, such as a merger, an acquisition by another company, or a sale of a portion of its assets, users’ Personal Data will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.
Users will be notified via prominent notice on the Site for 30 days after a change of ownership or control of their personally identifiable information.
If, as a result of the business transition, a users’ Personal Data will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, users will be given a choice consistent with our notification of changes section.

&nbsp;16.
CONTACT USIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of Reputation.com with respect to your Personal Data, or your dealings with the Site, you can contact us at privacy@reputation.com, call us at 800-737-8828 or write to:

Reputation.com, Inc.
Attention: Chief Privacy Officer1400A Seaport Blvd.Suite 401Redwood City, CA 94063USA   Reputation.com Inc.’s Terms of Use(Updated May 1, 2018)ACCEPTANCE OF TERMSPlease read these Terms of Use (the ”Terms”) very carefully as they apply to your use of this website (www.reputation.com) (the “Website”) and any use of or purchases of products and services provided by Reputation.com, Inc.
(the “Company”).
By accessing, or using the website located at https://www.reputation.com (the “site”), or by enrolling in or purchasing Services through this site or by phone, or by continuing to accept Services after reviewing the Terms, you are agreeing to these Terms and are concluding a legally binding contract with Reputation.com (the “Agreement”).
This Agreement defines the relationship between Reputation.com and you (“you”, “your”, the “client”).
If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you also represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to these terms, in which case the terms “you”, “your” or “client” shall refer to such entity.
If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with these terms, you must not accept this Agreement and may not use the Reputation.com site or its services.ELIGIBILITYBy using the this website or any of the services offered, you represent and warrant that (a) all registration information you submit is truthful and accurate.
(b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information.
and (c) you are 13 years of age or older.
Children under the age of 13 are prohibited from creating any accounts or purchasing or enrolling for any Services.
Your information and profile may be deleted any Services may be terminated without warning, if we believe that you are less than 13 years of age.OUR SERVICESReputation.com provides online reputation management related products and services (“Services”).
The Services are described on the individual pages for each service, which can be accessed at https://www.reputation.com.
We may, at our discretion, periodically change the description or content of our Services in order to reflect changes to the Service offerings and features, including, without limitation, to reflect enhanced capabilities, changes in the service terms, changes in regulatory requirements, and/or any other modification intended to improve the efficacy of the Services or better address a perceived need among our customers.ENROLLMENT FOR FREE SERVICES OR PURCHASE OF PAID SERVICESWhen you sign up for free Services, when you create user accounts, and/or when you purchase paid Services, you are agreeing to the specific terms of service established for each type of Service.
The specific terms for each type of Service are set forth at www.reputation.com/legal/.USER ACCOUNTS AND PASSWORDSCertain features or services offered on or through the Site may require you to open an account (including setting up a Reputation.com ID and/or password(s)).
You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the information you hold for your account, including your login ID and password, and for any and all activity that occurs under your account as a result of your failing to keep this information secure and confidential.
You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or password, or any other any other breaches of security.
Reputaton.com cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation.DATA SECURITYWe take seriously our responsibility to keep secure the information that our users and customers entrust to us.
To protect this confidential information, we use industry standard safeguards to protect confidential information stored on our systems.PRIVACYOur privacy policy located at https://www.reputation.com/privacy-policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to use of this Website and the Services, and its terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference.
Additionally, by using the Services or the Website, you acknowledge and agree that Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure.SITE CONTENTAll information and content available on this Website (collectively, “Content”) is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws.
The Content and Website is owned by Reputation.com.
The Content is intended for personal and noncommercial use only.
Any use of the Content not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws.
Your use of the Website and all Content is on an “as is” basis, at your own risk, and we do not make and expressly disclaim any express or implied warranties, representations or endorsements whatsoever (including without limitation warranties of title or non-infringement, or the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose) with regard to the Website or the Content.
You may only use or reproduce the Content for your own personal and non-commercial use.
The following activities are prohibited: (i) using any robot, spider or other automatic device, or a manual process, to monitor or copy web pages or the Content contained in the Site or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior expressed written permission.
(ii) using any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site.
(iii) decompiling, reverse engineering, disassembling or otherwise attempting to obtain the source code for the Software.
or (iv) taking any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Reputation.com’s hardware and software infrastructure (collectively, “Prohibited Activities”).COPYRIGHTWe respect the intellectual property of others and ask that users of our Site and Services do the same.
In connection with our Site and Services, we have adopted and implemented a policy respecting copyright law that provides for the removal of any infringing materials and for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of users of our Site and Services who are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights, including copyrights.
If you believe that one of our users is, through the use of our Site and Services, unlawfully infringing copyright(s) in a work, and you wish to have the allegedly infringing material removed, the following information in the form of a written notification (pursuant to 17 U.S.C.
SS 512(c)) must be provided to our designated Copyright Agent:

Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim to have been infringed;
Identification of the material on our services that you claim is infringing and that you request us to remove;
Sufficient information to permit us to locate such material;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the objectionable material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or under the law.
and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are either the owner of the copyright that has allegedly been infringed or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Please note that, pursuant to 17 U.S.C.
SS 512(f), any misrepresentation of material fact (falsities) in a written notification automatically subjects the complaining party to liability for any damages, costs and attorney’s fees incurred by us in connection with the written notification and allegation of copyright infringement
COPYRIGHT AGENTOur designated Copyright Agent is: Reputation.com, Inc., Attention: General Counsel.
1400A Seaport Blvd., Suite 401, Redwood City, CA 94063, USA.
Telephone: 650-381-2997.
Email: help@reputation.com.LINKS TO OTHER SITESThis Site may contain links to other independent third-party Web sites (“Linked Sites”).
These Linked Sites are provided solely as a convenience to our visitors.
Such Linked Sites are not under our control, and we are not responsible for and do not endorse the content of such Linked Sites, including any information or materials contained on such Linked Sites.
You will need to make your own independent judgment regarding your interaction with these Linked Sites.INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend us, our officers, directors, employees, agents, and third-party suppliers or affiliates, at your expense, against any and all third-party claims, actions, proceedings, and suits brought against us or any of our officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party suppliers or affiliates, and pay all related liabilities, damages, settlements, penalties, fines, costs or expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and other litigation expenses) incurred by us or any of our officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party suppliers or affiliates, arising out of or relating to: (a) your breach of any term or condition of this Agreement.
(b) your fraudulent or malicious use of the Services.
(c) your violation of applicable laws, rules or regulations in connection with the Services.
or (d) our use of any content or information, including Client Materials or Reviewer Information, you provide to us.
In such a case, we will provide you with written or electronic notice of such claim, suit or action.
You shall cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim.
We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you.LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Types of Damages. NEITHER WE, NOR OUR THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS, WILL BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD-PARTY CLAIMANT FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR LOSS OF GOODWILL), OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON A CLAIM OR ACTION OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE OR OUR THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LIABILITY

Amount of Damages. OUR MAXIMUM LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) THE FEES YOU HAVE PAID TO US PURSUANT TO THE ORDER THAT IS THE SUBJECT OF THE CLAIM DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE CLAIM, OR (B) US $50.00.
THE EXISTENCE OF ONE OR MORE CLAIMS WILL NOT INCREASE OUR LIABILITY.
IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR SUPPLIERS HAVE ANY LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAYFEEDBACKAny feedback or information you provide us about the Site or the Services shall be deemed to be non-confidential, and we shall be free to use such information on an unrestricted basis.ARBITRATION, FORUM AND GOVERNING LAWAny claim, dispute or controversy of whatever nature (“Claim”) arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration.
The arbitration shall be conducted by and submitted to a single arbitrator (“Arbitrator”) selected from and administered by the San Francisco, California, office of JAMS in accordance with its then-existing Comprehensive Arbitration Rules &amp.
Procedures for matters where over $100,000 or injunctive relief is being claimed, and in accordance with its then-existing Streamlined Arbitration Rules &amp.
Procedures for matters where less than $100,000 is being claimed.
The arbitration hearing shall be held in San Francisco, California.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the state of California, consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act, without reference to its conflict of law principles.
The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement.
The Arbitrator shall be authorized to award compensatory damages, but shall NOT be authorized to award non-economic damages, such as for emotional distress, or pain and suffering or punitive damages.
Each party shall bear its own attorneys’ fees, cost and disbursements arising out of the arbitration, and shall pay an equal share of the fees and costs of the Arbitrator and JAMS.
Judgment on the award may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction.
By agreeing to this binding arbitration provision, the parties understand that they are waiving certain rights and protections which may otherwise be available if a Claim were determined by litigation in court, including, without limitation, the right to seek or obtain certain types of damages precluded by this arbitration provision, the right to a jury trial, certain rights of appeal, the right bring a claim as a class member in any purported class or representative proceeding.
and a right to invoke formal rules of procedure and evidence.
NOTICES AND SERVICE MESSAGESYou agree that that we may use our website, mobile apps, and email to provide you with important notices.
You agree that we may provide notices to you in the following ways: (1) a banner notice on the Service, or (2) an email sent to an address you provided, or (3) an text to you at the mobile number you provided, or (4) through other means including telephone, or mail.
You agree to keep your contact information up to date.ASSIGNMENTThese Terms of Use, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by the Company without restriction.AMENDMENTS OR MODIFICATIONSWe may amend, modify or terminate any terms of this Agreement at any time and such amendment, modification or termination will be effective at the time we post the revised terms on the site.
You can determine when this agreement was last revised by referring to the “last updated” legend at the top of this agreement.
Your continued use of the site or services after we have posted revised terms signifies your acceptance of such revised terms.
No amendment to or modification of this agreement will be binding unless in writing and signed by our duly authorized representative or posted to the site by our duly authorized representative.HOW TO CONTACT USIf you want to send us notices or reach our customer support, please contact us:
By email at: support@reputation.com.

Reputation.com, Inc.
1400A Seaport Blvd., Suite 401,Redwood City, CA 94063USA 