Last updated: January 08th, 2018Intellectual Property PolicyResearchGate was developed by scientists to enable collaboration, sharing of content and communication among scientists, researchers, authors, institutions and other professionals.
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and ask that you do the same.
We have a process for submitting complaints regarding content posted by our members.
Our policy and procedures are described below.Posting content on ResearchGateAs a member, when you post full-text articles or supplementary materials on ResearchGate, you do not transfer or assign copyright to us. Rather, you make the content available to the public through ResearchGate.
You retain the right to remove such content from ResearchGate at any time, or to archive your content so it is available only to you and your co-author(s). You may also remove content from appearing on your profile page.Our platform enables the private archiving and public posting of various types of content.
If you choose to privately archive or publicly post content, we encourage you to first confirm your rights before doing so.
This applies to posting content to your own profile as well as other places on the platform, such as in a Q&amp;A forum or a project.
As we do not have any information about rights you may hold, or any license terms or other restrictions which might apply to such content, we necessarily rely on you to understand your rights and act accordingly.
For this reason, we request that you fully investigate and confirm that you have sufficient rights to post particular content to ResearchGate before you do so.
As a general matter, if you are an author publishing in a journal, you may be allowed to publish certain versions of your article, but not others, and privately share certain content with others.
However, many journals restrict publication of final versions and impose limitations on private sharing.Your starting point for understanding your rights is the agreement(s) you have with your publisher or other rights owner.
If you’re still unsure about what you’re allowed to share on ResearchGate, we recommend that you get in touch directly with your publisher.
There are other resources available that you might also find useful in understanding your rights, such as How Can I Share It (http://www.howcanishareit.com).
We also provide some general information in our Help Center.Complaints regarding content posted on ResearchGateIt is our policy to respond to notices of claimed copyright infringement submitted by rights owners in accordance with the notice and takedown procedures found in section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (United States) and the European eCommerce Directive, detailed below.
Our Designated Agent for receiving notices of claimed copyright and other intellectual property infringement is:Copyright AgentResearchGate GmbHInvalidenstr.
115,Berlin, Germany 10115Email: copyright@researchgate.netTelephone: +49 (0) 30 200051-100Please be aware that, regardless of whether we disable access to or remove the content complained about, we may forward your written notification, including your contact information, to the member who posted the content, and/or take other reasonable steps to notify the member that we have received notice of an alleged violation of copyright or intellectual property rights.Please also remember that, if you choose to request removal of content by submitting an infringement notification, you are initiating a legal process.
Any notice or counter-notice you submit must be truthful and must be submitted under penalty of perjury.
A false notice or counter-notice may give rise to personal liability.
You may therefore wish to seek the advice of legal counsel before submitting a notice or counter-notice.Copyright and other intellectual property infringement notification requirementsPlease note that if you are not a copyright owner or authorized to act on behalf of a copyright owner, we must ask that you contact the copyright owner and ask them to submit a notice of claimed infringement.
If you are a copyright owner, US, European and other laws require that your notice of claimed infringement follow a specific form.
The easiest way to do this is to complete our simple form and send it to copyright@researchgate.net:NOCI FormIt provides us with a required signature and information about you or your company that we will keep on file.
You can save a copy of the form to prevent you having to fill in your contact information next time.
If you do not wish to use our form, you can use your own form or send an email to copyright@researchgate.net, so long as it contains all the required information, including:
The name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address of the complaining party.
A description of the copyrighted work(s) or other intellectual property claimed to have been infringed and the country of claimed rights.
A description of where the allegedly infringing material is located on ResearchGate, with information sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
In order for us to be able to accurately identify and remove content notified to be infringing, it is necessary to provide the specific URL for the actual file and not the URL of the publication page where the file is displayed, as the content displayed on a publication page can change.
You can identify the URL of a particular file by clicking on the downward-facing arrow at the top-right corner of a publication page, selecting "Full-text sources," right clicking on the respective download button of the file and copying the link address.

A statement that the complaining party “has a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.”
A statement that “the information in this notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.”
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other right that is allegedly infringed.
Note: If you are asserting infringement of an intellectual property right other than copyright, please specify the intellectual property right at issue (for example, "trademark").Upon receiving notice of a claimed infringement that complies with the above requirements, we will expeditiously remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing material and will notify the member who posted it.
At that time, we will also provide the member with an email address which may be used to contact the complaining party with any questions, or if they think a mistake has been made.Repeat infringer policyIn accordance with applicable law, we have a repeat infringer policy that provides for the disabling of a member's uploading rights or termination of their membership in appropriate circumstances.Counter notice requirementsResearchGate recognizes that sometimes content may be mistakenly identified by a rights owner as infringing their rights.
In the event such a mistake occurs, you should first contact the complaining party directly using the email address provided to you.
ResearchGate will allow you to re-upload the content upon receipt of an acknowledgement of the error from the complaining party.If the complaining party does not agree that their request for removal was in error, you may submit a counter notice using this Counter Notice Form.Alternatively, you can submit a written communication to ResearchGate’s Designated Agent (contact details above).
To be effective, your counter notice must include substantially the following:
Your name, address and telephone number.
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location (URL) at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.
A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is outside the United States, for any judicial district in which ResearchGate may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the party who submitted the notification of claimed infringement or an agent of that party.
Your physical or electronic signature.
We will not be able to consider your counter notice unless you fill out the form in its entirety, and physically sign it.
Please make sure that the counter notice you send to ResearchGate is legible.
if we cannot read your handwriting we will not be able to process it.Upon receiving the original of your fully completed counter notice, ResearchGate will provide the complaining party with a copy of your notice.
We will also inform them that we will allow you to replace the removed material after 10 business days, unless ResearchGate’s Designated Agent receives notice from the complaining party that it has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain you from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on ResearchGate.
If the complaining party notifies us in writing that they no longer object to the material being made available, we will allow you to repost it.
 Last updated: October 23rd, 2017.For our Intellectual Property Policy, see here.For our Unsolicited Ideas Policy, see here.For EU Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) information, see Sec.
14.ResearchGate Terms of Service
Please note:

If you reside outside of the United States, sections 1 to 15 of these Terms apply to you.
If you are a United States resident, additional Terms of Service (“Additional U.S.
Terms”) apply to you (see sec.
16-19), INCLUDING A MANDATORY ARBITRATION CLAUSE IN SECTION 17.
The Terms include all additional policies that may apply to you when using certain features (e.g.
Projects, Q&amp;A, Members’ discussions on ResearchGate, etc.), and the Information and Policies listed above.

Table of contents:

General information
Conclusion of agreement
Scope of the Service
User Obligations
Export control laws
Copyright and other intellectual property rights
Unsolicited ideas
Changes to the Service
Changes to these Terms
Term, Termination
Liability
Indemnity
Applicable law
International jurisdiction / Venue for legal disputes / Consumer dispute resolution
Miscellaneous
Additional Terms of Service for United States residents only (“Additional U.S.
Terms”)
No warranty and release
Agreement to arbitrate, class action waiver and release
Applicable law
Venue for legal disputes not subject to arbitration
1.
General informationResearchGate GmbH, Invalidenstrasse 115, 10115 Berlin, Germany (“ResearchGate”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) provides the services made available at www.researchgate.net and all other websites operated by ResearchGate and all associated applications, including mobile applications (“Service”), as an information society service in the meaning of Article 1(b) of Directive (EU) 2015/1535.
Full ResearchGate contact information is available here.ResearchGate’s mission is to connect the world of science and make research open to all.
Any natural or legal person who, as a recipient of the Service, accesses or uses the Service for any purpose is a User (“User”, “you”).
Our registered Users (“Members”) share their professional identities and credentials, display their academic publications, engage and collaborate with their networks, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, and discover business and career opportunities.
Some content is also visible to unregistered and logged-out Users (“Visitors”).2.
Conclusion of agreementThese Terms, which include the documents referenced above, constitute a legally binding agreement between ResearchGate and any of its Members.
A Visitor may be asked to accept these Terms in order to use a certain limited number of features on the Service, such as requesting a full-text or other content made available on the Service, or applying for a job.
The Terms become binding once we accept your offer to enter into a binding agreement with us, e.g., once you have submitted the registration process and we have sent confirmation that you have successfully registered for the Service.
In some jurisdictions, you may be bound to these Terms if you repeatedly access the Service against our instructions.3.
Scope of the ServiceThe Service provides you with the ability to add, create, upload, submit, distribute, or post (“submit”, “submitting”, or “submission”) content, articles, data, text, photographs, images, illustrations, or other information on or to the Service (collectively, the “Member Submissions”).
By way of example, and not as a limitation, Member Submissions may be submitted when you request the Service to (i) identify, resolve, copy, or import content stored on your or a third party’s computer system, (ii) synchronize content such that the Service stores or “mirrors” content stored on your or a third party’s computer system by storing such content on equipment owned or operated by ResearchGate, (iii) save or store your comments, edits, or annotations to content accessible through the Service, or (iv) share with another person any content stored on your or a third party’s computer system.The Service consists largely of information uploaded by and/or stored upon the request of Members.
We do not preview or review or filter such information, neither manually nor automatically.
Therefore, we do not and cannot have current knowledge of possible infringements, inappropriate content, or violations of law caused by information that is uploaded by and/or stored upon the request of Members.
We are not liable for such information (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C.
section 512.
Article 14 of Directive 2000/31/EC).
We will, upon obtaining knowledge about or becoming aware of such infringements, act expeditiously to remove or disable access to such information.
See our Intellectual Property Policy for more information on how to report content.When using the Service, you may be presented with commercial content.ResearchGate shall not be a contracting party to any agreements entered into by Users with other Users or with any third party via the Service.
Users are solely responsible for the execution and/or fulfilment of agreements they enter into.
ResearchGate shall not be held liable for breaches of duty in relation to such agreements.4.
User ObligationsResearchGate strives to connect the world of science.
It is essential for the credibility of the world of science and for the reputation of researchers that researchers identify themselves using their real names and their affiliation.
You must therefore provide only true and non-misleading statements and your real name.
you may not use pseudonyms or pen names.
You may not accept, adopt, or post content that falsely or misleadingly implies an incorrect identity, inaccurate biographical facts, or misleading information about your qualifications, work experience, or achievements.You warrant and represent that all Personal Information you provide is accurate and complete.
You are obliged to update such data when it changes.
If you choose to use a profile photo, you must use a photo where you can be clearly identified.
images of other people, animals, text, and logos are not permitted.
This again is essential for the credibility of the researchers using the Service and is in the best interest of the world of science.You are responsible to ensure that the use or other exploitation of any Member Submissions by you as contemplated by these Terms does not infringe or violate the rights of any third party, including without limitation any privacy rights, publicity rights, patent, copyrights, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.
Except in the case of Member Submissions containing content exclusively in the public domain, you represent and warrant, and can demonstrate to our full satisfaction upon request that (i) you own or otherwise control any and all rights or licenses required in order to submit or share all content in your Member Submissions and you consent to the use of such content as contemplated by these Terms, and (ii) you have full authority to act on behalf of any and all owners of any right, title, or interest in and to any content in your Member Submissions to use such content as contemplated by these Terms.You understand that all information publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Service is the sole responsibility of the person by whom such content was submitted.
We will not be liable for any errors or omissions in any content.
When necessary and/or appropriate, as when another User reports inappropriate content to us, we may delete, modify, or reformat any materials, content, or information submitted by you.
We do not endorse and have no control over any content submitted to the Service.
We cannot guarantee the authenticity of any Member Submission.
You acknowledge that all content accessed by you in connection with your use of the Service is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to any party resulting from your access to or your inability to access such content.If you have chosen to make your information publicly available, you understand that Member Submissions may be shared with third parties in connection with your use of the Service, and that we cannot and do not control any such third parties.
For further information, please refer to our Privacy Policy.Much of the content you post is available to be viewed or downloaded by Visitors.
You may change the visibility of some content by going to your Privacy Settings when you are logged in.The Service is available only to individuals who are at least 18 years old.
If you are under 18, you may not use or attempt to register for the Service.You are obliged to keep your password to access the Service secret.
ResearchGate will not disclose your password to any third party, shall only use it during the login process, and shall not ask for your password at any time other than during the login process.
For security reasons and to prevent misuse, we recommend that you change your password at regular intervals.
You are solely responsible for anything that happens through your account, unless you close it or report misuse.You must not publish, share, sell, or make available information that is provided within the Service with any third party outside the Service, unless such a distribution or disclosure is intended within the scope of and in accordance with the Service.
Information made available within the Service is not to be monetized.You must not store, process, or use any other User's Personal Information for any other purpose than the natural purpose of such data being published within the Service by the respective User.In connection with using or accessing the Service, you shall not:
Post false, inaccurate, dishonest, misleading, deceptive, defamatory, or libelous content, regardless of the person or entity to whom it is directed;
Use the Service to annoy, harass, abuse, insult, personally attack, or send other unwelcome communications to others (including to ResearchGate), including but not limited to junk mail, offers to buy or sell, spam, chain letters, phishing schemes, and excessive messages (cf.
Section 7 of the German Unfair Competition Act – UWG);
Post Personal Information about another person (e.g.
an email address or phone number), confidential or proprietary information, or any information you do not have a right to publish;
Post content which constitutes hate speech, including, but not limited to, that which attacks people based on their race, ethnicity, national origin, political or religious affiliation, sexual orientation, sex, gender, gender identity, age, or serious disabilities or diseases;
Post or promote any pornographic, intimidating, abusive, shocking, immoral, sexually inappropriate, or violence-glorifying materials or any content that violates any applicable legislation for the protection of minors or communicates in any sexually explicit or suggestive way;
Transfer your ResearchGate account to another party without our consent, or operate an account under a false name or identity;
Distribute or promote advertising or commercial promotional content, or send unsolicited advertising, job offers, or business proposals;
Commercialize any ResearchGate application or any information or software associated with such application, except with the prior express permission of ResearchGate in writing;
Post requests for unauthorized copyrighted material (e.g.
software, books, publications) or “pirated” or “cracked” versions of software;
Post content whose primary purpose is to drive Users to links outside of ResearchGate;
Act dishonestly or unprofessionally, including by posting broad, vague, or non-scientific content, or by misusing the Service and its features;
Intentionally infect others with viruses, worms, or other software that can destroy, interrupt, or collect their data or computer devices;
Post excessively within a short timeframe, interfere with the working of our Service, or impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
Impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large administrative burden on ResearchGate;
Use any robot, spider, scraper, data mining tools, data gathering and extraction tools, or other automated means to access our Service for any purpose, except with the prior express permission of ResearchGate in writing;
Employ any mechanisms, software, or scripts when using the Service;
Block, overwrite, modify, or copy any contents of the Service, unless said actions are necessary for the proper use of ResearchGate.
or
Encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the foregoing.
5.
Export control lawsWe do not represent that the materials in the Service are appropriate or available for use in any particular location.
Those who choose to access or use the Service do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws, including, if you are in the United States, any applicable export control or foreign assets control regulations.6.
Copyright and other intellectual property rightsThe software running the Service, the site design and content, the logos and other graphics, articles and other texts, as well as the database are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws in multiple jurisdictions.
For information about protecting Intellectual Property on the Service, please see our Intellectual Property Policy.7.
Unsolicited ideasAny idea, information, or feedback you submit to us without our specific request is subject to our Unsolicited Ideas Policy.8.
Changes to the ServiceWe reserve the right to modify the Service or to offer services different from those offered at the time of the User’s registration at any time, in particular under, but not limited to, the following circumstances:

We introduce new features that enhance the Service;
To the extent we are required in order to comply with applicable law, including in the event of a change in such laws;
To the extent we are required to do so because of a legal order or decision by a government authority;
To the extent the respective modifications are required to mitigate any potential security vulnerabilities;
If the modification is only beneficial to the Member.
or
If the modification is of a purely technical or process-related nature without any material impact on the Member.
Modifications that only have a minor impact on the functionality of the Service are not considered changes to the Service as described in this section.
This applies in particular to changes of a purely graphical nature and to a change of layout and/or placement of features.9.
Changes to these TermsWe reserve the right to modify these Terms at any time.
We will provide notice regarding any modifications by sending an email and/or posting an online notice on the Service, and asking Members to accept the new terms.
Unless stated otherwise, new terms shall be effective thirty days from the date of such notice.
Members who have not yet accepted the new terms before the effective date will be told that if they continue to use the Service thereafter they will be deemed to have accepted the new terms.
In our notices, we will inform you of the main changes to these Terms, your right to object and the importance of the deadline to object.
You are obliged to check your account regularly for a notice about changes to these Terms.
If you do not agree with the new terms, you may terminate your agreement with ResearchGate at any time by disabling your account (see below section 10).The following circumstances may in particular give rise to a modification of these Terms:
If the modification is only beneficial to the Member;
If the modification is of a purely technical or process-related nature without any material impact on the Member;
To the extent we are obliged to do so to ensure that the Terms comply with applicable law, particularly in the event of a change to said laws;
To the extent we are obliged to do so because of a judgment or decision by the authorities.
or
To the extent we introduce supplementary, completely new services, or service components requiring a service description in the Terms, unless this has a detrimental impact on the use relationship to date.
10.
Term, TerminationYou may terminate the contractual relationship at any time without cause by simply disabling or deleting your account.ResearchGate is entitled to immediate extraordinary termination for good cause at any time.
Extraordinary termination for good cause is defined as an event which makes it unacceptable for the terminating party to continue the agreement until the end of the termination period, taking into account all circumstances of the individual case and weighing up the interests of both parties.
A good cause for ResearchGate includes, but is not limited to, any of the following events:
The Member fails to comply with any applicable legal provisions;
The Member breaches a contractual obligation of these Terms (including, but not limited to, User Obligations as set out in section 4 above or provisions of the Intellectual Property Policy);
The reputation of the Service is potentially substantially impaired by the online presence of the Member;
The Member promotes any communities or associations, or any of their methods or activities, which are under surveillance by authorities responsible for public safety or the protection of minors;
The Member causes harm or poses a risk to any other User(s).
or
The Member exposes ResearchGate to potential risk or legal liability.
In the event of a good cause and notwithstanding our right to terminate, we are entitled to:
Delete or modify Member Submissions;
Issue a warning to the Member;
Suspend, disable, restrict, or block the Member’s access to the Service;
Take technical and/or legal steps to prevent the Member from using our Service.
If the Member relinquishes or loses the right to use the Service, the following shall survive termination:
The ability of other Members and Visitors to use and share any content and information shared by the Member through the Service in accordance with the Terms and applicable laws, when appropriate;
The Member’s ability to access the Service as a Visitor;
Sections 3, 4, 6, 7, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18 and 19 of these Terms.
11.
LiabilityResearchGate will be liable without limitation for damages resulting from injury to life, limb, or health which occur due to a breach of duty by ResearchGate or one of its legal representatives or vicarious agents.
ResearchGate shall also be liable without limitation for damages owing to a lack of a characteristic warranted by ResearchGate or due to malicious conduct by ResearchGate.
In addition, ResearchGate shall be liable without limitation for damages due to intent or gross negligence by ResearchGate or one of its legal representatives or vicarious agents.Liability pursuant to the German Product Liability Act shall remain unaffected.Apart from the cases set out above, ResearchGate’s liability shall be limited to typical foreseeable contractual damages in the event of a breach of any of its cardinal contractual duties due to slight negligence.
Cardinal contractual duties are an abstract description of those obligations whose fulfilment is indispensable for the proper implementation of an agreement and on whose fulfilment the contracting parties can usually rely.
Any other liability on the part of ResearchGate is excluded.12.
IndemnityYou will indemnify and hold ResearchGate (including our affiliates and subsidiaries, as well as our and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents) harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable legal fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms, your improper use of the Service, or your breach of any law or your violation of the rights of a third party.13.
Applicable lawExcept as provided below in Section 17 with respect to U.S.
Users, these Terms shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, except for its conflicts of laws principles and the CISG (United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods).If the User is a consumer in the sense of Article 6 of EU Regulation 593/2008 and has their habitual residence outside of Germany, provisions which, in the absence of choice, would have been applicable and which cannot, by virtue of law, be derogated from by agreement, shall remain unaffected.14.
International jurisdiction / Venue for legal disputes / Consumer dispute resolutionExcept as provided below in Section 17 with respect to U.S.
Users, the courts of the Federal Republic of Germany shall have sole jurisdiction over any disputes arising out of or in connection with these Terms.
This does not apply if the User is a consumer in the sense of Article 17 of EU Regulation No.
1215/2012 and is residing in a Member State of the EU.
in this case the international jurisdiction is governed by Article 18 of EU Regulation No.
1215/2012.If the User (i) is a merchant, a legal person under public law, or special funds under public law, and is either a resident of Germany or resides outside of the European Union (EU), or (ii) is resident of another Member State of the EU and is not a consumer in the sense of Article 17 of EU Regulation No.
1215/2012, or (iii) has its residence outside of the EU, the courts of Berlin, Germany, shall have sole jurisdiction over any disputes arising out of or in connection with these Terms.Statutory provisions regarding exclusive jurisdiction shall remain unaffected.The EU Commission provides an Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) platform for the out-of-court resolution of disputes concerning contractual obligations with consumers (as defined in Article 4 of EU Directive No 11/2013).
You can find the link to this platform here: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.
We do not participate in such ODR.We do not use alternative dispute resolution (ADR) procedures to resolve disputes with consumers.15.
MiscellaneousWe are permitted to transfer rights and duties to third parties, in whole or in part.
Section 10 applies.If ResearchGate does not act to enforce a breach of these Terms, that does not mean ResearchGate has waived its rights to enforce these Terms.If any provision or portion of these Terms is held to be or becomes invalid, illegal, unenforceable, or in conflict with the law of any applicable jurisdiction, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.These Terms are only available and binding in their English-language version.Additional Terms of Service for United States residents only (“Additional U.S.
Terms”)The following Additional U.S.
Terms apply only to United States residents and apply in addition to the Terms set out above.
To the extent they are inconsistent with any previous Terms, the following Terms shall prevail.16.
No warranty and releaseThe Service is provided "as is" and we disclaim any and all representations and warranties, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose, or non-infringement.
We do not promise any specific results, effects, or outcome from the use of the Service.We do not represent or warrant that the Service and the data and information provided are accurate, up-to-date, complete, or reliable.
We are not responsible or liable for any damage, disadvantage, or loss of profit, whether material or immaterial, that is caused by the usage or non-usage of the Service.
This does not apply to damages, disadvantages, and loss of profit that are caused by us intentionally or recklessly.
Some laws do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability, so these limits may not apply to you.
However, if you are a resident of the State of New Jersey, these limitations and exclusions do apply to you.If you have a dispute with one or more Users, you release us (and our affiliates and subsidiaries, and our and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents) from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
In entering into this release, you expressly waive any protections (whether statutory or otherwise) that would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims which you may know or suspect to exist in your favor at the time of agreeing to this release.17.
Agreement to arbitrate, class action waiver and releaseThis section only applies to Users in the United States.PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY – IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT AND TO HAVE A JURY HEAR YOUR CLAIMS. In order to expedite and control the cost of disputes, you and we agree that any legal or equitable claim arising out of or relating in any way to your use of the Service or these Terms, and the formation, validity, enforceability, scope, or applicability of these Terms, including this Section 17 (referred to as a “Claim”) will be resolved as follows:Informal Resolution. We will first try to resolve any Claim informally.
Accordingly, neither of us may start a formal proceeding (except for Claims described in the “Exceptions” section below) for at least 30 days after one of us notifies the other of a Claim in writing.
Notice of the Claim will include a brief written statement that sets forth the name, address, and contact information of the party giving it, the facts giving rise to the dispute, claim, or controversy and the relief requested.
You will send your notice by email to copyright@researchgate.net AND to this address: ResearchGate GmbH, Invalidenstrasse 115, 10115 Berlin, Germany.
We will send your notice by email to the email address associated with your account.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the notice and 30-day negotiation period required by this paragraph shall not apply, however, to disputes, claims, or controversies concerning patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks, and trade secrets and claims of piracy or unauthorized use of the Service.Formal Resolution. Except as provided in the “Exceptions” section below, if we cannot resolve a Claim informally, any Claim either of us asserts will be resolved only by binding arbitration and not in courts of general jurisdiction.
The arbitration will be conducted under the rules of JAMS that are in effect at the time the arbitration is initiated (referred to as the “JAMS Rules”) and under the rules set forth in these Terms.
If there is a conflict between JAMS Rules and the rules set forth in these Terms, the rules set forth in these Terms will govern.
ARBITRATION MEANS THAT YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL.
You may, in arbitration, seek any and all remedies otherwise available to you pursuant to your state’s law.(a) Personal Users.
If you are a User who uses the Service solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, and not in a professional capacity and you decide to initiate arbitration on your own behalf as a living person (“Personal User”), we agree to reimburse your arbitration initiation fee, and any additional deposit required by JAMS to initiate your arbitration.
We also agree to pay the costs of the arbitration proceeding.
Other fees, such as attorney’s fees and expenses of travel to the arbitration, will be paid in accordance with JAMS Rules.
The arbitration will be held at a location in your hometown area unless you and we both agree to another location or telephonic arbitration.
To start an arbitration, you or we must do the following things:
Write a Demand for Arbitration.
The demand must include a description of the Claim and the amount of damages sought to be recovered.
You can find a copy of a Demand for Arbitration at www.jamsadr.com.
Send three copies of the Demand for Arbitration, plus the appropriate filing fee, to: JAMS, 500 North State College Blvd., Suite 600, Orange, CA 92868 (1-800-352-5267).
Send one copy of the Demand for Arbitration to us at: ResearchGate GmbH, Invalidenstrasse 115, 10115 Berlin, Germany.
(b) Professional Users.
If you are a User who uses the Service in a professional capacity in connection with an educational institution or legal entity (“Professional User”) and you decide to initiate arbitration associated with your professional use of the Service, you will be required to pay the arbitration initiation fee as well as any additional deposit required by JAMS to initiate your arbitration.
You also agree to pay the costs of the arbitration proceeding.
Other fees, such as attorney’s fees and expenses of travel to the arbitration, will be paid in accordance with JAMS Rules.
The arbitration will be held in San Francisco, California, unless you and we both agree to another location or telephonic arbitration.
To start an arbitration, you or we must do the following things:
Write a Demand for Arbitration.
The demand must include a description of the Claim and the amount of damages sought to be recovered.
You can find a copy of a Demand for Arbitration at www.jamsadr.com.
Send three copies of the Demand for Arbitration, plus the appropriate filing fee, to: JAMS, 500 North State College Blvd., Suite 600, Orange, CA 92868 (1-800-352-5267).
Send one copy of the Demand for Arbitration to us at ResearchGate GmbH, Invalidenstrasse 115, 10115 Berlin, Germany.
Special Rules.
In the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator has no authority to make errors of law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator does so.
Otherwise, the arbitrator’s decision is final and binding on all parties and may be enforced in any federal or state court that has jurisdiction.
Neither you nor we shall be entitled to join or consolidate claims in arbitration by or against other individuals or entities, or arbitrate any claim as a representative member of a class or in a private attorney general capacity.
Accordingly, you and we agree that the JAMS Class Action Procedures do not apply to our arbitration.
A court may sever any portion of Section 17 that it finds to be unenforceable, except for the prohibition on class, representative, and private attorney general arbitration.Exceptions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, disputes, claims, or controversies concerning patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks, and trade secrets and claims of piracy or unauthorized use of the Service, including disputes involving a violation of the Communications Act of 1934, 47 U.S.C.
§ 605, or the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C.
§ 1201, or the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C.
§§ 2510-2521, or any other statement or law governing theft of service, shall not be subject to arbitration as set out in this Section 17 and may be decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction.
Moreover, you may choose to pursue your claim in small claims court where jurisdiction and venue over ResearchGate and you otherwise qualify for such small claims court and where your claim does not include a request for any type of equitable relief.Personal User right to opt out.
If you are a Personal User, you have the right to opt out and not be bound by the binding arbitration requirement by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to the email address copyright@researchgate.net.
The notice must be sent within 30 days of the effective date of these Terms or your first use of the Service, whichever is later.
If you opt out of the binding arbitration requirement, we also will not be bound by the requirement.
Professional Users may not opt out of the binding arbitration requirements.Changes to this section.
We will provide 30 days’ notice of any changes to this section.
Changes will become effective on the 30th day, and will apply prospectively only to any claims arising after the 30th day.18.
Applicable lawThe U.S.
Federal Arbitration Act (including its procedural provisions) is the law that will be applied to determine whether Section 17 can be enforced and how it should be interpreted.Apart from that, if you are a United States resident, these Terms and our relationship will be governed by Californian law, except for its conflicts of laws principles.19.
Venue for legal disputes not subject to arbitrationIf you are a United States resident, judicial proceedings that are excluded from the Arbitration Agreement in Section 17 must be brought in state or federal court in San Francisco, California, unless we both agree to some other location.
You and ResearchGate both consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in San Francisco, California.
 Last updated: October 23rd, 2017.ResearchGate Privacy Policy
Table of contents:

Introduction
Information we collect and how we collect it
How we use information we collect about you
Sharing of Personal Information with third parties
Transfers of Personal Information outside of the European Economic Area
Security
Closing your account and retention of Personal Information
Data subject rights
Objection
Additional information
Contact information
1.
IntroductionResearchGate’s mission is to connect the world of science and make research open to all.
Any natural or legal person who, as a recipient of the Service, accesses or uses the Service for any purpose is a User (“User”, “you”).
Our registered Users (“Members”) share their professional identities and credentials, display their academic publications, engage and collaborate with their networks, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, and discover business and career opportunities.
Some content is also visible to unregistered or logged-out Users (“Visitors”).
This Privacy Policy is intended to demonstrate and explain our commitment to protecting your privacy online with integrity, transparency, and security.This Privacy Policy sets forth the collection and use practices of ResearchGate GmbH, Invalidenstrasse 115, 10115 Berlin, Germany (“ResearchGate”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) for Personal Information (defined below) we obtain and use in the course of providing the services rendered to you through the ResearchGate website available at https://www.researchgate.net, and through any of its web pages and associated applications which may be available on multiple devices, including mobile applications (“Service”).
This Privacy Policy may refer to the Users of ResearchGate’s Service as “Members”, “Visitors”, or “you” or through any second-person pronouns, such as “yours”, etc.ResearchGate reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, in particular, to reflect changes in market conditions affecting ResearchGate’s activities, changes in technology, changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements, and changes in ResearchGate’s system capabilities.
In the event we modify this Privacy Policy, any new version shall be effective 30 days immediately after the posting of such revised Privacy Policy on the Service, unless stated otherwise.
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify Members by email or other reasonable means, including through notifications on our Service.
If you object to the new version, you should stop using our Service and/or close your account.
If you continue to use our Service after having been provided with such notice you will be deemed to have acknowledged the Privacy Policy.2.
Information we collect and how we collect itA.
Information you directly and voluntarily provide to usIn order for the Service to function, we need to collect from you and process certain data and/or information about your person or your scientific involvement (“Personal Information”).

Registration.
If you choose to create a Member account on our Service, you will be required, during the registration process, to provide certain information, such as your name, an email address, and a password.
By default, your real name will always be visible to Users of the Service, whether they are registered or not, but your password will always be kept secret.

Other Personal Information.
We may require that you provide other information that can be used to identify and/or contact a natural person, including a name, postal address, telephone number, and email address.
Also, for some features, you may be invited or required to provide information relating to yourself, including, for example, demographic information, such as gender, birthday, or occupation, and research vita, authorship of articles, academic or research expertise or interests, conferences you have attended, groups of which you are a member, or correspondence sent to us through the Service.

Related information.
We may present biographical, publication, and other information to you that may relate to you or your work, and enable you to voluntarily incorporate it into your profile on the Service and associate it with your Personal Information.

Sensitive information.
We do not collect sensitive information such as information about your race, political views, religious views, or health conditions.

B.
How we directly collect Personal InformationThere are a number of ways in which we collect Personal Information from or about you.
These may include, without limitation:

At time of registration.
When you register for the Service you will be required to provide Personal Information sufficient to establish a ResearchGate account.

At time of creation of your researcher profile.
After registering for the Service and creating an account, you may want to provide us with supplementary Personal Information in order to create a detailed profile.
You may be invited to associate certain information we present to you with your account, such as articles, institutional affiliation, and biographical information.

Communications from you.
When you email or write to us, you may provide us with your name, contact details, and other Personal Information as part of your message.

Customer Support.
You may provide us with Personal Information when you telephone or email us to request technical assistance with the Service or information that you would like to receive about our services.

Email/Direct mail campaigns.
We may contact you from time to time to share information about new services, promotions, or special offers.

Jobs and external communications.
If you contact us about a job or other corporate matters you may provide us with your name, email address, and other Personal Information.

Third party providers.
When you choose to benefit from a service or offer presented by ResearchGate on behalf of a third party, you may share Personal Information with ResearchGate to enable us to pass it on to the third party.Please note: ResearchGate does not process any payment data.
All payment data are collected and processed by third party providers, namely Braintree and Stripe.

Other uses.
Our Service is a dynamic, innovative environment, which means we are always seeking to improve the services we offer you.
We may introduce material new features, which may result in the collection of new information and in different ways.
if we do so, we will inform you by updating this Privacy Policy.

C.
Information we automatically collectWe and service providers acting on our behalf store log files and use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and local shared objects, also known as flash cookies, to collect information relating to you and your use of the Service.“Cookies” are small files that enable us to store and collect specific information related to you and your use of the Service on your computer or other end devices.
They help us to analyze the number of people who use the Service, usage frequency, User behavior, advertising effectiveness, to increase security and tailor our Service to your needs and preferences.After you have logged in to your account on the Service, we use so-called “session cookies” to identify you during the course of your session.
Upon the termination of your session, the session cookie is automatically deleted.We also use “persistent cookies” to record information about repeat Users of the Service.
Persistent cookies are designed to help us continually improve the products and services we offer you.
Persistent cookies do not contain Personal Information such as your name, IP address, etc.You can edit the settings of your browser to prevent cookies from being stored, to limit the storage of cookies to certain websites, or such that your browser informs you every time a cookie is sent.
You can also delete cookies from your computer’s hard drive at any time.
However, please note that if cookies are deactivated you will not be able to take advantage of some of ResearchGate’s features.In addition to cookies, ResearchGate uses so-called pixels, web beacons, clear GIFs, and other similar mechanisms (“Pixels”).
A Pixel is an image file or link to an image file added to the website code but not sent to your end device (e.g.
PC, smartphone, etc.).
Pixels are largely used for the same reasons as cookies, i.e.
to analyze the number of people who use our Service or, if the User's email program allows HTML, to determine whether and when an email was opened.
Pixels help us to check and optimize the effectiveness of our Service and offers as well as advertising campaigns served on ResearchGate.
Pixels do not provide us with Personal Information and do not enable us to track Users.
Pixels are usually used in conjunction with cookies.
If you have deactivated the use of cookies in your browser, then Pixels will only report an anonymous website visit.We also use pixel-based and cookie-based conversion tracking technologies to, for example, measure the success of advertising campaigns served on ResearchGate.
To this end we use technologies provided by Google.The information we automatically collect about you and your use of the Service includes:
IP addresses;
the type of computer or mobile device you are using;
your operating system and version;
your mobile device's identifiers, like your MAC Address, Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), and/or International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI);
types of browser used;
your browser language;
referring and exit pages, and URLs;
platform type;
the number of clicks on a page or feature;
domain names;
country;
landing pages accessed;
pages viewed and the order of those pages.

the amount of time spent on particular pages or parts of pages.
and
information collected for performance purposes (e.g.
average load, render time of pages, etc.).

D.
Information about you from third partiesWe receive information about you and your activities on and off the Service from third party partners, such as information from advertisers about your experience or interactions with them.
We also obtain information about you from publicly available sources, such as information regarding previous research published by you and affiliations that may be associated with your profile.Third party advertising including tailored advertising and analyticsWe have advertising on our Service so we can continue to offer many of our features for free.
We do not share Personal Information with third party advertisers for their direct marketing purposes unless you give us your prior consent.When advertisers or ad networks place advertisements on our Service, they may collect or we may share the following types of information from within our Service:
performance data (such as the number of clicks on an advertisement);
aggregated and/or de-identified information about you and other Users collectively that is not intended to specifically identify you (such as Users who live in Berlin);
certain technical information (for example, IP addresses, non-persistent device identifiers such as Identifiers for Advertising (IDFAs), and de-identified persistent device identifiers such as a hashed Android ID).
and
other contextual data about your use of the Service (for example, your session length).
Advertisers or ad networks may collect this information through the use of tracking technologies like browser cookies and web beacons (see explanations above), and they may use a single tracking technology or multiple tracking technologies at the same time.The information collected may be used to:
measure how effective advertisements are;
offer you targeted advertising in order to personalize your experience by showing you advertisements that are more relevant to you.
and/or
undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other User activity to improve your experience.
After clicking on a third-party advertisement, you may no longer be on a site hosted by ResearchGate.
ResearchGate cannot be responsible for any third party, or its affiliates or agents, failing to use your Personal Information in accordance with such third party's privacy policy, or any contractual or other legal obligations to which such third party, its affiliates or agents, may be subject.E.
Use of Google servicesResearchGate reserves the right to use certain Google services, operated by Google, Inc., California, USA (“Google”).
Google services may include Google Analytics, a web analytics service, Google Analytics Advertising Features, namely for remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, and integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data via advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers, and Google’s DoubleClick Services.
Any information generated by the cookies about your use of the Service (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States of America.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Service, compiling reports on website activity for us, and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law.
More information about Google’s data privacy and security can be found here.
Please see Google’s page on ‘How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps’, and Google’s terms and policies for further information.With respect to Google Analytics, the following additional safeguards apply: we have activated IP anonymization so that your IP address will be shortened by Google within the European Economic Area before the data is forwarded and stored in the USA.
only in exceptional cases are IP addresses sent to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.
Google will not combine your IP address collected via Google Analytics with other data that Google holds.To opt out from Google Analytics, please click here.F.
CommunicationsMany communications that you initiate through our Service (for example, an invitation sent to a non-Member) will list your name in the header of the message.
Messages you initiate may also provide the recipient with aggregate information about your network (for example, how many people are in your network).
Other communications that you initiate through the Service, like a request for a full-text, will list your name as the initiator but will not include your personal email address.
Once you have connected with an individual, regardless of who sent the invitation, your contact information that you choose to include in your researcher profile will be shared with that individual.3.
How we use information we collect about youThe Personal Information that you provide to us may reveal or allow others to identify aspects of your life that are not expressly stated on your profile (for example, your picture or your name may reveal your gender).We use the Personal Information described above to:

Enable you to benefit from the Service.
We process your Personal Information in order to provide the Service in a way that is tailored to your interests.
This allows us to administer your account with ResearchGate and customize the services ResearchGate provides to you through the Service.
For example, we will process your Personal Information to provide dynamic web pages that are individually adapted to you.

Conduct research.
We conduct research and development for the improvement of our Service and the User experience.

Offer you tailored advertising content.
We aim at offering you advertising content that is the most relevant to you.
In this context, we use, whether separately or combined, the Personal Information you provide, we collect, or we infer from your use of the Service and the Internet.
This enables us to display advertisements that best match to your particular interests.In order to show these advertisements and measure their performance on and off our Service, we work with a variety of business partners.If you wish to opt out of being served targeted advertising, you may click the cross at the top right-hand side of ads you are served, or edit the settings of your browser(s).
Please be aware that this will not opt you out of being served advertising.
Only interest-based advertising will no longer be shown to you.

Communicate with you.
We may use your Personal Information to communicate with you about ResearchGate and products or services by email, postal mail, telephone, text message, or other means.If you wish to stop receiving promotional communications from us, you can follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email we send, contact us here or, if you have an account with us, change your preferences by signing into your account through the Service.

Ensure the security of your Personal Information.
We process your Personal Information in order to avoid its accidental or unlawful destruction, as well as its loss, alteration, or unauthorized disclosure.
For example, we process the number of profile pages you view so as to detect and prevent data harvesting.
Likewise, we truncate the last octet of your IP address to prevent you from being identified.

Generate statistics.
We use your Personal Information to generate statistics which pertain to reading behavior or achievements.
We also generate statistics for internal purposes in order to constantly improve the Service and its features.You can object at any time to processing of your Personal Information for statistical purposes by contacting us here.
4.
Sharing of Personal Information with third partiesGenerally, ResearchGate does not share the Personal Information collected - or that you provide to ResearchGate - with third parties unless we have obtained your prior consent.
Note, however, that ResearchGate reserves the right to share the Personal Information it has about you with vendors, agents, and contractors who assist ResearchGate in administering the Service and in providing benefits to you.
We may also share Personal Information in response to legal process or when the law requires it (for example, in response to a court order) or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to protect the rights, property or safety of ResearchGate, the Service, Users of the Service (including you), and others.ResearchGate may also disclose Personal Information as is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against a person or entity who may be violating ResearchGate’s Terms of Service, or who may be causing harm to, or interfering with, other Users of the Service.
In addition, in the event that assets of ResearchGate are transferred or sold to another entity, Personal Information may be transferred to the acquiring entity and/or to potential acquiring entities to the extent permitted by applicable law and we will seek your consent where required.
5.
Transfers of Personal Information outside of the European Economic AreaThe Personal Information that ResearchGate collects from you and that you provide to ResearchGate is processed in Canada and is stored on servers in Canada.
The Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documentation Act has been deemed to provide adequate and similar protection to that which applies within the European Economic Area.
Your Personal Information may also be transferred to any third parties as described in this Privacy Policy.
Some of these third parties with whom your Personal Information will be shared are located outside of the European Economic Area, in countries whose data protection laws may not be as extensive as those which apply to us.
If we transfer your Personal Information to countries outside of the European Economic Area or which do not offer adequate and similar protection, we will ensure that we do this in accordance with applicable data protection regulations (for example, by putting in place an appropriate data transfer agreement).
We will do this with a view to ensuring the level of protection which applies to your Personal Information processed in these countries is similar to that which applies within the European Economic Area.6.
SecurityWe will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law.
We use appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, and disposal of your Personal Information.
All pages are secured using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology, which encrypts data between our computer and your end devices.
To make sure your Internet browser is using the latest security features, you may want to download the most recent version of it, which should have full SSL support.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your User ID and password which relate to your access to certain pages of the Service and/or any account you set up with us.
You agree to accept responsibility for all activities which occur in relation to the same.
You should not permit other people to use your User ID or your password.
Please contact us promptly if you believe your User ID or password may have been compromised.
We will not be responsible to you if there is unauthorized access to your login details or unauthorized activity on the Service as a result of your login details becoming known by someone else, unless this was due to our negligence.Despite our efforts regarding security it is important to bear in mind that the Internet is not a secure means of communication.
Personal Information communicated through the Internet may be intercepted by other people.
We cannot guarantee the security of Personal Information sent to us through the Service.
You accept that you use the Service at your own risk.7.
Closing your account and retention of Personal InformationIf you have created an account through the Service, we will close your account upon your request.
We may also close or disable inactive accounts or accounts that are used in violation of our Terms of Service or any applicable law.
We will retain Personal Information from closed or inactive accounts to the extent and as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations and/or to comply with law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Service, and/or take other actions otherwise permitted by law.In general, Personal Information from closed or inactive accounts will be deleted or anonymized one year after the account is closed or deactivated unless we have reasonable grounds to believe that the Personal Information should be retained for one of the purposes identified above.
8.
Data subject rightsYou may be entitled to exercise some or all of the following rights free of charge (such rights may vary depending on the requirements of the applicable legislation):
require (i) information about whether your Personal Information is retained and (ii) access to and/or (iii) duplicates of your Personal Information retained, including the purposes of the processing, the categories of Personal Information concerned, and the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the Personal Information is disclosed and where possible, the envisaged period for which the Personal Information will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
request proper rectification, removal, or restriction of your Personal Information, e.g.
because (i) of the incomplete or inaccurate nature of the Personal Information, (ii) it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, (iii) the consent on which the processing was based has been withdrawn, or (iv) you have taken advantage of an existing right to object to the data processing.
in case your Personal Information is processed by third parties, we will also forward your request for rectification, removal, or restriction to such third parties unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort;
receive the Personal Information concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from our side.
where technically feasible you shall have the right to have the Personal Information transmitted directly from us to another controller;
refuse to provide and – without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal – withdraw your consent to processing of your Personal Information at any time;
not to be subject to any automatic individual decisions (automatic decisions based on data processing by automatic means, for the purpose of assessing several personal aspects) which produce legal effects on you or similarly significantly affect you.
You may (i) exercise the rights referred to above or (ii) pose any questions or (iii) make any complaints regarding the data processing by contacting us here.9.
ObjectionYou have the right to object, at any time, to the processing of your Personal Information on legitimate grounds by contacting us here.10.
Additional informationFor your convenience, we have provided additional information on security and privacy in our Help Center to be found here.11.
Contact informationIf you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please email our Data Protection Officer at privacy@researchgate.net, contact us here, or send a letter to: Data Protection OfficerResearchGate GmbHInvalidenstrasse 11510115 Berlin, GermanyIn the event you still have requests or complaints, please contact the Berlin Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom.
