 Valve respects the privacy of its online visitors and customers of its products and services and complies with applicable laws for the protection of your privacy, including, without limitation, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") and the Swiss and EU Privacy Shield Frameworks.


1.
Definitions

 Wherever we talk about Personal Data below, we mean any information that can either itself identify you as an individual ("Personally Identifying Information") or that can be connected to you indirectly by linking it to Personally Identifying Information.
Valve also processes anonymous data, aggregated or not, to analyze and produce statistics related to the habits, usage patterns, and demographics of customers as a group or as individuals.
Such anonymous data does not allow the identification of the customers to which it relates.
Valve may share anonymous data, aggregated or not, with third parties.
 Other capitalized terms in this Privacy Policy shall have the meanings defined in the Steam Subscriber Agreement ("SSA").


2.
Why Valve Collects and Processes Data

 Valve collects and processes Personal Data for the following reasons:
 a) where it is necessary for the performance of our agreement with you to provide a full-featured gaming service and deliver associated Content and Services; b) where it is necessary for compliance with legal obligations that we are subject to (e.g.
our obligations to keep certain information under tax laws); c) where it is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate and legal interests of Valve or a third party (e.g.
the interests of our other customers), except where such interests are overridden by your prevailing legitimate interests and rights.
or d) where you have given consent to it.

 These reasons for collecting and processing Personal Data determine and limit what Personal Data we collect and how we use it (section 3.
below), how long we store it (section 4.
below), who has access to it (section 5.
below) and what rights and other control mechanisms are available to you as a user (section 6.
below).

3.
What Data We Collect and Process

 3.1 Basic Account Data
 When setting up an Account, Valve will collect your email address and country of residence.
You are also required to choose a user name and a password.
The provision of this information is necessary to register a Steam User Account.
During setup of your account, the account is automatically assigned a number (the "Steam ID") that is later used to reference your user account without directly exposing Personally Identifying Information about you.
 We do not require you to provide or use your real name for the setup of a Steam User Account.
 3.2 Transaction and Payment Data
 In order to make a transaction on Steam (e.g.
to purchase Subscriptions for Content and Services or to fund your Steam Wallet), you may need to provide payment data to Valve to enable the transaction.
If you pay by credit card, you need to provide typical credit card information (name, address, credit card number, expiration date and security code) to Valve, which Valve will process and transmit to the payment service provider of your choice to enable the transaction and perform anti-fraud checks.
Likewise, Valve will receive data from your payment service provider for the same reasons.

 3.3 Other Data You Explicitly Submit We will collect and process Personal Data whenever you explicitly provide it to us or send it as part of communication with others on Steam, e.g.
in Steam Community Forums, chats, or when you provide feedback or other user generated content.
This data includes: 
Information that you post, comment or follow in any of our Content and Services;
Information sent through chat;
Information you provide when you request information or support from us or purchase Content and Services from us, including information necessary to process your orders with the relevant payment merchant or, in case of physical goods, shipping providers;
Information you provide to us when participating in competitions, contests and tournaments or responding to surveys, e.g.
your contact details.
 3.4 Your Use of the Steam Client and Websites We collect a variety of information through your general interaction with the websites, Content and Services offered by Steam.
 Personal Data we collect may include, but is not limited to, browser and device information, data collected through automated electronic interactions and application usage data. Likewise, we will track your process across our websites and applications to verify that you are not a bot and to optimize our services.

 3.5 Your Use of Games and other Subscriptions In order to provide you with services, we need to collect, store and use various information about your activity in our Content and Services.
"Content-Related Information" includes your Steam ID, as well as what is usually referred to as "game statistics".
By game statistics we mean information about your games' preferences, progress in the games, playtime, as well as information about the device you are using, including what operating system you are using, device settings, unique device identifiers, and crash data.

 3.6 Tracking Data and Cookies We use "Cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help us analyze how users use our services, and similar technologies (e.g.
web beacons, pixels, ad tags and device identifiers) to recognize you and/or your device(s) on, off and across different devices and our services, as well as to improve the services we are offering, to improve marketing, analytics or website functionality.
The use of Cookies is standard on the internet.
Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, the decision of whether to accept or not is yours.
You may adjust your browser settings to prevent the reception of cookies, or to provide notification whenever a cookie is sent to you.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.
However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to access the full functionality of our websites. When you visit any of our services, our servers log your global IP address, which is a number that is automatically assigned to the network your computer is part of.
 3.7 Google Analytics This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
("Google").
Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on visitors' computers, to help the website operators analyze how visitors use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about the visitors' use of the website will generally be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. On this website, IP anonymization has been activated.
The IP addresses users visiting Steam will be shortened.
Only in exceptional cases will a complete IP address be transferred to a Google server in the United States and shortened there.
On behalf of the website operator, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating the website for its users, in order to compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services relating to website activity and internet usage for website operators. Google will not associate the IP address transferred in the context of Google Analytics with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.
However, please note that in this case you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore, users can prevent the collection of data about their use of the website (including their IP address) generated by the cookie, and the processing of data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plug-in through the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
 3.8 Content Recommendations We may process information collected under this section 3 so that content, products and services shown on the pages of the Steam store and in update messages displayed when launching the Steam Client can be tailored to meet your needs and populated with relevant recommendations and offers.
This is done to improve your customer experience.
You can prevent the processing of your data in this way by turning off the automatic loading of the Steam store page and of Steam notifications in the "Interface" section of the Steam Client settings.
 Subject to your separate consent or where explicitly permitted under applicable laws on email marketing, Valve may send you marketing messages about products and services offered by Valve to your email address.
In such a case we may also use your collected information to customise such marketing messages as well as collect information on whether you opened such messages and which links in their text you followed.
 You can opt out or withdraw your consent to receive marketing emails at any time by either withdrawing the consent on the same page where you previously provided it or clicking the "unsubscribe" link provided in every marketing email.

 3.9 Information Required to Detect Violations We collect certain data that is required for our detection, investigation and prevention of fraud, cheating and other violations of the SSA and applicable laws ("Violations").
This data is used only for the purposes of detection, investigation, prevention and, where applicable, acting on of such Violations and stored only for the minimum amount of time needed for this purpose.
If the data indicates that a Violation has occurred, we will further store the data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims during the applicable statute of limitations or until a legal case related to it has been resolved.
Please note that the specific data stored for this purpose may not be disclosed to you if the disclosure will compromise the mechanism through which we detect, investigate and prevent such Violations.


4.
How Long We Store Data

 We will only store your information as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information is collected and processed or — where the applicable law provides for longer storage and retention period — for the storage and retention period required by law.
After that your Personal Data will be deleted, blocked or anonymized, as provided by applicable law.
 In particular:

If you terminate your Steam User Account, your Personal Data will be marked for deletion except to the degree legal requirements or other prevailing legitimate purposes dictate a longer storage.

In certain cases Personal Data cannot be completely deleted in order to ensure the consistency of the gameplay experience or the Steam Community Market.
For instance, matches you have played that affect other players' matchmaking data and scores will not be deleted.
rather, your connection to these matches will be permanently anonymized.

Please note that Valve is required to retain certain transactional data under statutory commercial and tax law for a period of up to ten (10) years.
If you withdraw your consent on which a processing of your Personal Data or of the Personal Data of your child is based, we will delete your Personal Data respectively the Personal Data of your child without undue delay to the extent that the collection and processing of the Personal Data was based on the withdrawn consent.
If you exercise a right to object to the processing of your Personal Data, we will review your objection and delete your Personal Data that we processed for the purpose to which you objected without undue delay, unless another legal basis for processing and retaining this data exists or unless applicable law requires us to retain the data.


5.
Who Has Access to Data

 5.1 Valve and its subsidiaries may share your Personal Data with each other and use it to the degree necessary to achieve the purposes listed in section 2.
above.
In the event of a reorganization, sale or merger we may transfer Personal Data to the relevant third party subject to applicable laws.
 5.2 We may also share your Personal Data with our third party providers that provide customer support services in connection with goods, Content and Services distributed via Steam.
Your Personal Data will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and only as far as this is necessary for performing customer support services.

 5.3 In accordance with internet standards, we may also share certain information (including your IP address and the identification of Steam content you wish to access) with our third party network providers that provide content delivery network services and game server services in connection with Steam.
Our content delivery network providers enable the delivery of digital content you have requested, e.g.
when using Steam, by using a system of distributed servers that deliver the content to you, based on your geographic location.

 5.4 We make certain data related to your Steam User Account available to other players and our partners through the Steamworks API.
This information can be accessed by anyone by querying your Steam ID.
At a minimum, the public persona name you have chosen to represent you on Steam and your Avatar picture are accessible this way, as well as whether you have received a ban for cheating in a multiplayer game.
The accessibility of any additional info about you can be controlled through your Steam Community user profile page.
data publicly available on your profile page can be accessed automatically through the Steamworks API.
 In addition to the publicly available information, game developers and publishers have access to certain information from the Steamworks API directly relating to the users of the games they operate.
This information includes as a minimum your ownership of the game in question.
Depending on which Steamworks services are implemented in the game it may also include leaderboard information, your progress in the game, achievements you have completed, your multiplayer game matchmaking information, in-game items and other information needed to operate the game and provide support for it.
For more information on what Steamworks services a specific game has implemented, please review its store page.
 While we do not knowingly share Personally Identifying Information about you through the Steamworks API such as your real name or your email address, any information you share about yourself on your public Steam Profile can be accessed through the Steamworks API, including information that may make you identifiable.

 5.5 The Steam community includes message boards, forums and/or chat areas, where users can exchange ideas and communicate with each other.
When posting a message to a board, forum or chat area, please be aware that the information is being made publicly available online.
therefore, you are doing so at your own risk.
If your Personal Data is posted on one of our community forums against your will, please use the reporting function and the Steam help site to request its removal.
 5.6 Valve may allow you to link your Steam User Account to an account offered by a third party.
If you consent to link the accounts, Valve may collect and combine information you allowed Valve to receive from a third party with information of your Steam User Account to the degree allowed by your consent at the time.
If the linking of the accounts requires the transmission of information about your person from Valve to a third party, you will be informed about it before the linking takes place and you will be given the opportunity to consent to the linking and the transmission of your information.
The third party's use of your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy, which we encourage you to review.
 5.7 Valve may release Personal Data to comply with court orders or laws and regulations that require us to disclose such information.


6.
Your Rights and Control Mechanisms

 The data protection laws of the European Economic Area and other territories grant their citizens certain rights in relation to their Personal Data.
While other jurisdictions may provide fewer statutory rights to their citizens, we make the tools designed to exercise such rights available to our customers worldwide.
 To allow you to exercise your data protection rights in a simple way we are providing a dedicated section on the Steam support page (the "Privacy Dashboard").
This gives you access to your Personal Data, allows you to rectify and delete it where necessary and to object to its use where you feel necessary.
To access it, log into the Steam support page at http://help.steampowered.com and choose the menu items My Account -&gt.
View Account Data.
 As a resident of the European Economic Area you have the following rights in relation to your Personal Data: 
 6.1 Right of Access.
 You have the right to access your Personal Data that we hold about you, i.e.
the right to require free of charge (i) information whether your Personal Data is retained, (ii) access to and/or (iii) duplicates of the Personal Data retained.
You can use the right to access to your Personal Data through the Privacy Dashboard.
If the request affects the rights and freedoms of others or is manifestly unfounded or excessive, we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee (taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested) or refuse to act on the request.

 6.2 Right to Rectification.
 If we process your Personal Data, we shall endeavor to ensure by implementing suitable measures that your Personal Data is accurate and up-to-date for the purposes for which it was collected.
If your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, you can change the information you provided via the Privacy Dashboard.
 6.3.
Right to Erasure.
 You have the right to obtain deletion of Personal Data concerning you if the reason why we could collect it (see section 2.
above) does not exist anymore or if there is another legal ground for its deletion.
For individual items of Personal Data please edit them through the Privacy Dashboard or request the deletion via the Steam support page.
You can also request the deletion of your Steam user account via the Steam support page.
 As a result of deleting your Steam User Account, you will lose access to Steam services, including the Steam User Account, Subscriptions and game-related information linked to the Steam User Account and the possibility to access other services you are using the Steam User Account for.

 We allow you to restore your Steam User Account during a grace period of 30 (thirty) days from the moment you request deletion of your Steam User Account.
This functionality allows you not to lose your account by mistake, because of your loss of your account credentials or due to hacking.
During the suspension period, we will be able to finalize financial and other activities that you may have initiated before sending the Steam User Account deletion request.
After the grace period, Personal Data associated with your account will be deleted subject to section 4.
above.

 In some cases, deletion of your Steam User Account, and therefore Personal Data deletion, is complicated.
Namely, if your account has a business relationship with Valve, such as due to your work for a game developer, you will only be able to delete your Steam User Account after you have transferred this role to another user or have dissolved the business relationship.
In some cases, considering the complexity and number of the requests, the period for Personal Data erasure may be extended, but for no longer than two further months.
 6.4 Right to Object.
 When our processing of your Personal Data is based on legitimate interests according to Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR / section 2.c) of this Privacy Policy, you have the right to object to thise processing.
If you object we will no longer process your Personal Data unless there are compelling and prevailing legitimate grounds for the processing as described in Article 21 of the GDPR.
in particular if the data is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.

 You also have the right to lodge a complaint at a supervisory authority.

7.
Children

 The minimum age to create a Steam User Account is 13.
Valve will not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under this age.
Insofar as certain countries apply a higher age of consent for the collection of Personal Data, Valve requires parental consent before a Steam User Account can be created and Personal Data associated with it collected.
Valve encourages parents to instruct their children to never give out personal information when online.


8.
Contact Info

 You can contact Valve's data protection officer at the address below.

 While we review any request sent by mail, please be aware that to combat fraud, harassment and identity theft, the only way to access, rectify or delete your data is through logging in with your Steam User Account at http://help.steampowered.com and selecting the menu items -&gt.
My Account -&gt.
View Account Data.

 Valve Corporation Att.
Data Protection officer P.O.
Box 1688 Bellevue, WA 98009
 European representative for data protection questions:
 Valve GmbH Att.
Legal  Rödingsmarkt 9 D-20354 Hamburg Germany

9.
Additional Information for Users from the European Economic Area

 Valve complies with the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States.
Valve has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit http://www.privacyshield.gov.
 In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Valve commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.
EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Valve here.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
As explained in the Privacy Shield documentation (https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction) certain residual claims not resolved by other means may be subject to binding arbitration.
In such event, an arbitration option will be made available to you.
 The Privacy Shield Principles describe Valve's accountability for Personal Data that it subsequently transfers to a third party agent.
Under the Principles, Valve shall remain liable if third party agents process the personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Valve proves it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
 The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Valve's compliance with the Privacy Shield.

Revision Date: May 25, 2018


  
  You can request a refund for nearly any purchase on Steam—for any reason.
Maybe your PC doesn't meet the hardware requirements.
maybe you bought a game by mistake.
maybe you played the title for an hour and just didn't like it.
It doesn't matter.
Valve will, upon request via help.steampowered.com, issue a refund for any reason, if the request is made within fourteen days of purchase, and the title has been played for less than two hours.
There are more details below, but even if you fall outside of the refund rules we’ve described, you can ask for a refund anyway and we’ll take a look.
You will be issued a full refund of your purchase within a week of approval.
You will receive the refund in Steam Wallet funds or through the same payment method you used to make the purchase.
If, for any reason, Steam is unable to issue a refund via your initial payment method, your Steam Wallet will be credited the full amount.
(Some payment methods available through Steam in your country may not support refunding a purchase back to the original payment method.
Click here for a full list.) Where Refunds Apply The Steam refund offer, within two weeks of purchase and with less than two hours of playtime, applies to games and software applications on the Steam store.
Here is an overview of how refunds work with other types of purchases. Refunds on Downloadable Content(Steam store content usable within another game or software application, "DLC") DLC purchased from the Steam store is refundable within fourteen days of purchase, and if the underlying title has been played for less than two hours since the DLC was purchased, so long as the DLC has not been consumed, modified or transferred.
Please note that in some cases, Steam will be unable to give refunds for some third party DLC (for example, if the DLC irreversibly levels up a game character).
These exceptions will be clearly marked as nonrefundable on the Store page prior to purchase. Refunds on In-game Purchases Steam will offer refund for in-game purchases within any Valve-developed games within forty-eight hours of purchase, so long as the in-game item has not been consumed, modified or transferred.
Third-party developers will have the option to enable refunds for in-game items on these terms.
Steam will tell you at the time of purchase if the game developer has opted to offer refunds on the in-game item you are buying.
Otherwise, in-game purchases in non-Valve games are not refundable through Steam. Refunds on Pre-Purchased Titles When you pre-purchase a title on Steam (and have paid for the title in advance), you can request a refund at any time prior to release of that title.
The standard 14-day/two-hour refund period also applies, starting on the game’s release date. Steam Wallet Refunds You may request a refund for Steam Wallet funds within fourteen days of purchase if they were purchased on Steam and if you have not used any of those funds. Steam Hardware Within thirty (30) days after delivery, you may request a refund for Steam hardware and accessories purchased via Steam for any reason.
You must ship the hardware back to us within fourteen (14) days after requesting the refund, following the instructions we provide you.
Please see the Steam Hardware Order Terms for detailed guidelines on the return and cancellation process for Steam hardware and accessories. Refunds on Bundles You can receive a full refund for any bundle purchased on the Steam Store, so long as none of the items in the bundle have been transferred, and if the combined usage time for all items in the bundle is less than two hours.
If a bundle includes an in-game item or DLC that is not refundable, Steam will tell you if the whole bundle is refundable during check-out. Purchases Made Outside of Steam Valve cannot provide refunds for purchases made outside of Steam (for example, CD keys or Steam wallet cards purchased from third parties). VAC Bans If you have been banned by VAC (the Valve Anti-Cheat system) on a game, you lose the right to refund that game. Video Content We are unable to offer refunds for video content on Steam (e.g.
movies, shorts, series, episodes, and tutorials), unless the video is in a bundle with other (non-video) refundable content. Refunds on Gifts Unredeemed gifts may be refunded within the standard 14-day/two-hour refund period.
Redeemed gifts may be refunded under the same conditions if the gift recipient initiates the refund.
Funds used to purchase the gift will be returned to the original purchaser. EU Right of Withdrawal For an explanation of how the EU right of withdrawal works for Steam customers, click here. Abuse Refunds are designed to remove the risk from purchasing titles on Steam—not as a way to get free games.
If it appears to us that you are abusing refunds, we may stop offering them to you.
We do not consider it abuse to request a refund on a title that was purchased just before a sale and then immediately rebuying that title for the sale price. How to Request a Refund You can request a refund or get other assistance with your Steam purchases at help.steampowered.com.

Last updated December 6, 2016
  Home Steam Subscriber Agreement ﻿ STEAM® SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT
Table of contents: 

Registration as a subscriber.
application of terms to you.
your account
Licences
Billing, payment and other subscriptions
Online conduct, cheating and illegal behavior
Third party content
User generated content
Disclaimers.
limitation of liability.
no guarantees.
limited warranty
Amendments to this agreement
Term and termination
Applicable law/jurisdiction
Dispute resolution/binding arbitration/class action waiver
Miscellaneous



This Steam Subscriber Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal document that explains your rights and obligations as a subscriber of Steam from Valve Corporation (“Valve”).
Please read it carefully.
SECTION 11 CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
IT MAY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS.
PLEASE READ IT.
IF YOU ARE A CUSTOMER WITH RESIDENCE IN THE EUROPEAN UNION, SECTION 11 DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU.
1.
REGISTRATION AS A SUBSCRIBER.
APPLICATION OF TERMS TO YOU.
YOUR ACCOUNT ⏶

Steam is an online service offered by Valve.
You become a subscriber of Steam ("Subscriber") by completing the registration of a Steam user account.
This Agreement takes effect as soon as you indicate your acceptance of these terms.
You may not become a subscriber if you are under the age of 13.
Steam is not intended for children under 13 and Valve will not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
A.
Contracting Party
For any interaction with Steam your contractual relationship is with Valve.
Except as otherwise indicated at the time of the transaction (such as in the case of purchases from another Subscriber in a Subscription Marketplace), any transactions for Subscriptions (as defined below) you make on Steam are being made from Valve.
B.
Subscriptions.
Content and Services
As a Subscriber you may obtain access to certain services, software and content available to Subscribers.
The Steam client software and any other software, content, and updates you download or access via Steam, including but not limited to Valve or third-party video games and in-game content, and any virtual items you trade, sell or purchase in a Steam Subscription Marketplace are referred to in this Agreement as “Content and Services”.
the rights to access and/or use any Contents and Services accessible through Steam are referred to in this Agreement as "Subscriptions." 
Each Subscription allows you to access particular Content and Services.
Some Subscriptions may impose additional terms specific to that Subscription ("Subscription Terms") (for example, an end user license agreement specific to a particular game, or terms of use specific to a particular product or feature of Steam).
Also, additional terms (for example, payment and billing procedures) may be posted on http://www.steampowered.com or within the Steam service ("Rules of Use").
Rules of Use include the Steam Online Conduct Rules http://steampowered.com/index.php?area=online_conduct and the Steam Refund Policy http://store.steampowered.com/steam_refunds.
The Subscription Terms, the Rules of Use, the Valve video policy (see Section 2.D below) and the Valve Privacy Policy (which can be found at http://www.valvesoftware.com/privacy.htm) are binding on you once you indicate your acceptance of them or of this Agreement, or otherwise become bound by them as described in Section 8 (Amendments to this Agreement).
C.
Your Account
When you complete Steam’s registration process, you create a Steam account ("Account").
Your Account may also include billing information you provide to Valve for the purchase of Subscriptions, Content and Services and any physical merchandise offered for purchase through Steam (“Hardware”).
You may not reveal, share or otherwise allow others to use your password or Account except as otherwise specifically authorized by Valve.
You are responsible for the confidentiality of your login and password and for the security of your computer system.
Valve is not responsible for the use of your password and Account or for all of the communication and activity on Steam that results from use of your login name and password by you, by any person to whom you may have intentionally or by negligence disclosed your login and/or password in violation of this confidentiality provision.
Unless it results from Valve’s negligence or fault, Valve is not responsible for the use of your Account by a person who fraudulently used your login and password without your permission.
If you believe that the confidentiality of your login and/or password may have been compromised, you must notify Valve via the support form (https://support.steampowered.com/newticket.php) without any delay.
Your Account, including any information pertaining to it (e.g.: contact information, billing information, Account history and Subscriptions, etc.), is strictly personal.
You may therefore not sell or charge others for the right to use your Account, or otherwise transfer your Account, nor may you sell, charge others for the right to use, or transfer any Subscriptions other than if and as expressly permitted by this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use) or as otherwise specifically permitted by Valve.
D.
Payment Processing
Payment processing related to Content and Services and/or physical goods purchased on Steam is performed by either Valve Corporation directly or by Valve’s fully owned subsidiary Valve GmbH on behalf of Valve Corporation depending on the type of payment method used.
If your card was issued outside the United States, your payment may be processed via a European acquirer by Valve GmbH on behalf of Valve Corporation.
For any other type of purchases, payment will be collected by Valve Corporation directly.
In any case, delivery of Content and Services as well as physical goods is performed by Valve Corporation.
2.
LICENSES ⏶

A.
General Content and Services License
Steam and your Subscription(s) require the automatic download and installation of Content and Services onto your computer.
Valve hereby grants, and you accept, a non-exclusive license and right, to use the Content and Services for your personal, non-commercial use (except where commercial use is expressly allowed herein or in the applicable Subscription Terms).
This license ends upon termination of (a) this Agreement or (b) a Subscription that includes the license.
The Content and Services are licensed, not sold.
Your license confers no title or ownership in the Content and Services.
To make use of the Content and Services, you must have a Steam Account and you may be required to be running the Steam client and maintaining a connection to the Internet.

For reasons that include, without limitation, system security, stability, and multiplayer interoperability, Steam may need to automatically update, pre-load, create new versions of or otherwise enhance the Content and Services and accordingly, the system requirements to use the Content and Services may change over time.
You consent to such automatic updating.
You understand that this Agreement (including applicable Subscription Terms) does not entitle you to future updates, new versions or other enhancements of the Content and Services associated with a particular Subscription, although Valve may choose to provide such updates, etc.
in its sole discretion.
B.
Beta Software License
Valve may from time to time make software accessible to you via Steam prior to the general commercial release of such software ("Beta Software").
You are not required to use Beta Software, but if Valve offers it, you may elect to use it under the following terms.
Beta Software will be deemed to consist of Content and Services, and each item of Beta Software provided will be deemed a Subscription for such Beta Software, with the following provisions specific to Beta Software:



Your right to use the Beta Software may be limited in time, and may be subject to additional Subscription Terms;

Valve or any Valve affiliate may request or require that you provide suggestions, feedback, or data regarding your use of the Beta Software, which will be deemed User Generated Content under Section 6 (User Generated Content) below.
and

In addition to the waivers and limitations of liability for all Software under Section 7 (Disclaimers.
Limitations on Liability.
No Guarantees.
Limited Warranty) below as applicable, you specifically acknowledge that Beta Software is only released for testing and improvement purposes, in particular to provide Valve with feedback on the quality and usability of said Beta Software, and therefore contains errors, is not final and may create incompatibilities or damage to your computer, data, and/or software.
If you decide to install and/or use Beta Software, you shall only use it in compliance with its purposes, i.e.
for testing and improvement purposes and in any case not on a system or for purposes where the malfunction of the Beta Software can cause any kind of damage.
In particular, maintain full backups of any system that you choose to install Beta Software on.




C.
License to Use Valve Developer Tools
Your Subscription(s) may include access to various Valve tools that can be used to create content ("Developer Tools").
Some examples include: the Valve software development kit (the "SDK") for a version of the computer game engine known as "Source" (the "Source Engine") and the associated Valve Hammer editor, The Source® Filmmaker Software, or in-game tools through which you can edit or create derivative works of a Valve game.
Particular Developer Tools (for example, The Source® Filmmaker Software) may be distributed with separate Subscription Terms that are different from the rules set forth in this Section.
Otherwise, you may use the Developer Tools, and you may use, reproduce, publish, perform, display and distribute any content you create using the Developer Tools, however you wish, but solely on a non-commercial basis.
If you would like to use the Source Engine SDK or other Valve Developer Tools for commercial use, please contact Valve at sourceengine@valvesoftware.com.
D.
License to Use Valve Game Content in Fan Art.
Valve appreciates the community of Subscribers that creates fan art, fan fiction, and audio-visual works that reference Valve games ("Fan Art").
You may incorporate content from Valve games into your Fan Art.
Except as otherwise set forth in this Section or in any Subscription Terms, you may use, reproduce, publish, perform, display and distribute Fan Art that incorporates content from Valve games however you wish, but solely on a non-commercial basis.
If you incorporate any third-party content in any Fan Art, you must be sure to obtain all necessary rights from the owner of that content.
Commercial use of some Valve game content is permitted via features such as Steam Workshop or a Steam Subscription Marketplace.
Terms applicable to that use are set forth in Section 3.D.
and 6.B.
below and in any Subscription Terms provided for those features.
To view the Valve video policy containing additional terms covering the use of audio-visual works incorporating Valve intellectual property or created with The Source® Filmmaker Software, please click here: http://www.valvesoftware.com/videopolicy.html
E.
License to Use Valve Dedicated Server Software 
Your Subscription(s) may contain access to the Valve Dedicated Server Software.
If so, you may use the Valve Dedicated Server Software on an unlimited number of computers for the purpose of hosting online multiplayer games of Valve products.
If you wish to operate the Valve Dedicated Server Software, you will be solely responsible for procuring any Internet access, bandwidth, or hardware for such activities and will bear all costs associated therewith.
F.
Ownership of Content and Services
All title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the Content and Services and any and all copies thereof, are owned by Valve and/or its or its affiliates’ licensors.
All rights are reserved, except as expressly stated herein.
The Content and Services is protected by copyright laws, international copyright treaties and conventions and other laws.
The Content and Services contains certain licensed materials and Valve’s and its affiliates’ licensors may protect their rights in the event of any violation of this Agreement.
G.
Restrictions on Use of Content and Services
You may not use the Content and Services for any purpose other than the permitted access to Steam and your Subscriptions, and to make personal, non-commercial use of your Subscriptions, except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement or applicable Subscription Terms.
Except as otherwise permitted under this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use), or under applicable law notwithstanding these restrictions, you may not, in whole or in part, copy, photocopy, reproduce, publish, distribute, translate, reverse engineer, derive source code from, modify, disassemble, decompile, create derivative works based on, or remove any proprietary notices or labels from the Content and Services or any software accessed via Steam without the prior consent, in writing, of Valve.
You are entitled to use the Content and Services for your own personal use, but you are not entitled to: (i) sell, grant a security interest in or transfer reproductions of the Content and Services to other parties in any way, nor to rent, lease or license the Content and Services to others without the prior written consent of Valve, except to the extent expressly permitted elsewhere in this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use).
(ii) host or provide matchmaking services for the Content and Services or emulate or redirect the communication protocols used by Valve in any network feature of the Content and Services, through protocol emulation, tunneling, modifying or adding components to the Content and Services, use of a utility program or any other techniques now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose including, but not limited to network play over the Internet, network play utilizing commercial or non-commercial gaming networks or as part of content aggregation networks, websites or services, without the prior written consent of Valve.
or (iii) exploit the Content and Services or any of its parts for any commercial purpose, except as expressly permitted elsewhere in this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use).

3.
BILLING, PAYMENT AND OTHER SUBSCRIPTIONS ⏶

All charges incurred on Steam, and all purchases made with the Steam Wallet, are payable in advance and final, except as described in Section 7 below and in the Steam Refund Policy http://store.steampowered.com/steam_refunds.
A.
Payment Authorization
When you provide payment information to Valve or to one of its payment processors, you represent to Valve that you are the authorized user of the card, PIN, key or account associated with that payment, and you authorize Valve to charge your credit card or to process your payment with the chosen third-party payment processor for any Subscription, Steam Wallet funds, Hardware or other fees incurred by you.
Valve may require you to provide your address or other information in order to meet their obligations under applicable tax law.

For Subscriptions purchased based on an agreed usage period, where recurring payments are made in exchange for continued use (“Recurring Payment Subscriptions”), by continuing to use the Recurring Payment Subscription you agree and reaffirm that Valve is authorized to charge your credit card (or your Steam Wallet, if funded), or to process your payment with any other applicable third-party payment processor, for any applicable recurring payment amounts.
If you have purchased any Recurring Payment Subscriptions, you agree to notify Valve promptly of any changes to your credit card account number, its expiration date and/or your billing address, or your PayPal or other payment account number, and you agree to notify Valve promptly if your credit card or PayPal or other payment account expires or is cancelled for any reason.
If your use of Steam is subject to any type of use or sales tax, then Valve may also charge you for those taxes, in addition to the Subscription or other fees published in the Rules of Use.
The European Union VAT (“VAT”) tax amounts collected by Valve reflect VAT due on the value of any Content and Services, Hardware or Subscription.
You agree that you will not use IP proxying or other methods to disguise the place of your residence, whether to circumvent geographical restrictions on game content, to purchase at pricing not applicable to your geography, or for any other purpose.
If you do this, Valve may terminate your access to your Account.
B.
Responsibility for Charges Associated With Your Account
As the Account holder, you are responsible for all charges incurred, including applicable taxes, and all purchases made by you or anyone that uses your Account, including your family or friends.
If you cancel your Account, Valve reserves the right to collect fees, surcharges or costs incurred before cancellation.
Any delinquent or unpaid Accounts must be settled before Valve will allow you to register again.
C.
Steam Wallet
Steam may make available an account balance associated with your Account (the “Steam Wallet”).
The Steam Wallet is neither a bank account nor any kind of payment instrument.
It functions as a prepaid balance to purchase Content and Services.
You may place funds in your Steam Wallet up to a maximum amount determined by Valve, by credit card, prepaid card, promotional code, or any other payment method accepted by Steam.
Within any twenty-four (24) hour period, the total amount stored in your Steam Wallet plus the total amount spent out of your Steam Wallet, in the aggregate, may not exceed US$2,000 or its equivalent in your applicable local currency -- attempted deposits into your Steam Wallet that exceed this threshold may not be credited to your Steam Wallet until your activity falls below this threshold.
Valve may change or impose different Steam Wallet balance and usage limits from time to time.
You will be notified by e-mail of any change to the Steam Wallet balance and usage limits within sixty (60) days before the entry into force of the said change.
Your continued use of your Steam Account more than thirty (30) days after the entry into force of the changes, will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
If you don’t agree to the changes, your only remedy is to terminate your Steam Account or to cease use of your Steam Wallet.
Valve shall not have any obligation to refund any credits remaining on your Steam Wallet in this case.
You may use Steam Wallet funds to purchase Subscriptions, including by making in-game purchases where Steam Wallet transactions are enabled, and Hardware.
Funds added to the Steam Wallet are non-refundable and non-transferable.
Steam Wallet funds do not constitute a personal property right, have no value outside Steam and can only be used to purchase Subscriptions and related content via Steam (including but not limited to games and other applications offered through the Steam Store, or in a Steam Subscription Marketplace) and Hardware.
Steam Wallet funds have no cash value and are not exchangeable for cash.
Steam Wallet funds that are deemed unclaimed property may be turned over to the applicable authority.
D.
Trading and Sales of Subscriptions Between Subscribers
Steam may include one or more features or sites that allow Subscribers to trade, sell or purchase certain types of Subscriptions (for example, license rights to virtual items) with, to or from other Subscribers (“Subscription Marketplaces”).
An example of a Subscription Marketplace is the Steam Community Market.
By using or participating in Subscription Marketplaces, you authorize Valve, on its own behalf or as an agent or licensee of any third-party creator or publisher of the applicable Subscriptions in your Account, to transfer those Subscriptions from your Account in order to give effect to any trade or sale you make.
Valve may charge a fee for trades or sales in a Subscription Marketplace.
Any fees will be disclosed to you prior to the completion of the trade or sale.
If you complete a trade, sale or purchase in a Subscription Marketplace, you acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for taxes, if any, which may be due with respect to your transactions, including sales or use taxes, and for compliance with applicable tax laws.
Proceeds from sales you make in a Subscription Marketplace may be considered income to you for income tax purposes.
You should consult with a tax specialist to determine your tax liability in connection with your activities in any Subscription Marketplace.
You understand and acknowledge that Valve may decide to cease operation of any Subscription Marketplace, change the fees that it charges or change the terms or features of the Steam Subscription Marketplace.
Valve shall have no liability to you because of any inability to trade Subscriptions in the Steam Trading Marketplace, including because of discontinuation or changes in the terms, features or eligibility requirements of any Subscription Marketplace.
You also understand and acknowledge that Subscriptions traded, sold or purchased in any Subscription Marketplace are license rights, that you have no ownership interest in such Subscriptions, and that Valve does not recognize any transfers of Subscriptions (including transfers by operation of law) that are made outside of Steam.
E.
Retail Purchase
Valve may offer or require a Subscription for purchasers of retail packaged product versions or OEM versions of Valve products.
The "CD-Key" or "Product Key" accompanying such versions is used to activate your Subscription.
F.
Steam Authorized Resellers
You may purchase a Subscription through an authorized reseller of Valve.
The "Product Key" accompanying such purchase will be used to activate your Subscription.
If you purchase a Subscription from an authorized reseller of Valve, you agree to direct all questions regarding the Product Key to that reseller.
G.
Free Subscriptions
In some cases, Valve may offer a free Subscription to certain services, software and content.
As with all Subscriptions, you are always responsible for any Internet service provider, telephone, and other connection fees that you may incur when using Steam, even when Valve offers a free Subscription.
H.
Third Party Sites
Steam may provide links to other third party sites.
Some of these sites may charge separate fees, which are not included in and are in addition to any Subscription or other fees that you may pay to Valve.
Steam may also provide access to third-party vendors, who provide content, goods and/or services on Steam or the Internet.
Any separate charges or obligations you incur in your dealings with these third parties are your responsibility.
Valve makes no representations or warranties, either express or implied, regarding any third party site.
In particular, Valve makes no representation or warranty that any service or subscription offered via third-party vendors will not change or be suspended or terminated.
4.
ONLINE CONDUCT, CHEATING AND ILLEGAL BEHAVIOR ⏶

Your online conduct and interaction with other Subscribers should be guided by common sense and basic etiquette.
They must notably comply with the Steam Online Conduct rules, to be found at http://steampowered.com/index.php?area=online_conduct.
Depending on terms of use imposed by third parties who host particular games or other services, additional requirements may also be provided in the Subscription Terms applicable to a particular Subscription.
Steam and the Content and Services may include functionality designed to identify software or hardware processes or functionality that may give a player an unfair competitive advantage when playing multiplayer versions of any Content and Services or modifications of Content and Services (“Cheats”).
You agree that you will not create Cheats or assist third parties in any way to create or use Cheats.
You agree that you will not directly or indirectly disable, circumvent, or otherwise interfere with the operation of software designed to prevent or report the use of Cheats.
You acknowledge and agree that either Valve or any online multiplayer host may refuse to allow you to participate in certain online multiplayer games if you use Cheats in connection with Steam or the Content and Services.
Further, you acknowledge and agree that an online multiplayer host may report your use of Cheats to Valve, and Valve may communicate your history of use of Cheats to other online multiplayer hosts.
Valve may terminate your Account or a particular Subscription for any conduct or activity that is illegal, constitutes a Cheat, or otherwise negatively affects the enjoyment of Steam by other Subscribers.
You acknowledge that Valve is not required to provide you notice before terminating your Subscription(s) and/or Account.
You may not use Cheats, automation software (bots), mods, hacks, or any other unauthorized third-party software, to modify or automate any Subscription Marketplace process.
5.
THIRD PARTY CONTENT ⏶

In regard to all Subscriptions, Contents and Services that are not authored by Valve, Valve does not screen such third party content available on Steam or through other sources.
Valve assumes no responsibility or liability for such third party content.
Some third party application software is capable of being used by businesses for business purposes - however, you may only acquire such software via Steam for private personal use.
6.
USER GENERATED CONTENT ⏶

A.
General Provisions 
Steam provides interfaces and tools for you to be able to generate content and make it available to other users and/or to Valve at your sole discretion.
"User Generated Content" means any content you make available to other users through your use of multi-user features of Steam, or to Valve or its affiliates through your use of the Content and Services or otherwise.
When you upload your content to Steam to make it available to other users and/or to Valve, you grant Valve and its affiliates the worldwide, non-exclusive, right to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, transmit, transcode, translate, broadcast, and otherwise communicate, and publicly display and publicly perform, your User Generated Content, and derivative works of your User Generated Content, for the purpose of the operation, distribution and promotion of the Steam service, Steam games or other Steam offerings.
This license is granted to Valve as the content is uploaded on Steam for the entire duration of the intellectual property rights.
It may be terminated if Valve is in breach of the license and has not cured such breach within fourteen (14) days from receiving notice from you sent to the attention of the Valve Legal Department at the applicable Valve address noted on this Privacy Policy page.
The termination of said license does not affect the rights of any sub-licensees pursuant to any sub-license granted by Valve prior to termination of the license.
Valve is the sole owner of the derivative works created by Valve from your Content, and is therefore entitled to grant licenses on these derivative works.
If you use Valve cloud storage, you grant us a license to store your information as part of that service.
Valve may place limits on the amount of storage you may use.
If you provide Valve with any feedback or suggestions about Steam, the Content and Services, or any Valve products or services, Valve is free to use the feedback or suggestions however it chooses, without any obligation to account to you.
B.
Content Uploaded to the Steam Workshop
Some games or applications available on Steam ("Workshop-Enabled Apps") allow you to create User Generated Content based on or using the Workshop-Enabled App, and to submit that User Generated Content (a “Workshop Contribution”) to one or more Steam Workshop web pages.
Workshop Contributions can be viewed by the Steam community, and for some categories of Workshop Contributions users may be able to interact with, download or purchase the Workshop Contribution.
In some cases, Workshop Contributions may be considered for incorporation by Valve or a third-party developer into a game or into a Subscription Marketplace.
You understand and agree that Valve is not obligated to use, distribute, or continue to distribute copies of any Workshop Contribution and reserves the right, but not the obligation, to restrict or remove Workshop Contributions for any reason.
Specific Workshop-Enabled Apps or Workshop web pages may contain special terms (“App-Specific Terms”) that supplement or change the terms set out in this Section.
In particular, where Workshop Contributions are distributed for a fee, App-Specific Terms will address how revenue may be shared.
Unless otherwise specified in App-Specific Terms (if any), the following general rules apply to Workshop Contributions.



Workshop Contributions are Subscriptions, and therefore you agree that any Subscriber receiving distribution of your Workshop Contribution will have the same rights to use your Workshop Contribution (and will be subject to the same restrictions) as are set out in this Agreement for any other Subscriptions.

Notwithstanding the license described in Section 6.A., Valve will only have the right to modify or create derivative works from your Workshop Contribution in the following cases: (a) Valve may make modifications necessary to make your Contribution compatible with Steam and the Workshop functionality or user interface, and (b) Valve or the applicable developer may make modifications to Workshop Contributions that are accepted for in-Application distribution as it deems necessary or desirable to enhance gameplay.

You may, in your sole discretion, choose to remove a Workshop Contribution from the applicable Workshop pages.
If you do so, Valve will no longer have the right to use, distribute, transmit, communicate, publicly display or publicly perform the Workshop Contribution, except that (a) Valve may continue to exercise these rights for any Workshop Contribution that is accepted for distribution in-game or distributed in a manner that allows it to be used in-game, and (b) your removal will not affect the rights of any Subscriber who has already obtained access to a copy of the Workshop Contribution.




Except where otherwise provided in App-Specific Terms, you agree that Valve’s consideration of your Workshop Contribution is your full compensation, and you are not entitled to any other rights or compensation in connection with the rights granted to Valve and to other Subscribers.
C.
Promotions and Endorsements
If you use Steam services (e.g.
the Steam Curators’ Lists or the Steam Broadcasting service) to promote or endorse a product, service or event in return for any kind of consideration from a third party (including non-monetary rewards such as free games), you must clearly indicate the source of such consideration to your audience.
D.
Representations and Warranties
You represent and warrant to us that you have sufficient rights in all User Generated Content to grant Valve and other affected parties the licenses described under A.
and B.
above or in any license terms specific to the applicable Workshop-Enabled App or Workshop page.
This includes, without limitation, any kind of intellectual property rights or other proprietary or personal rights affected by or included in the User Generated Content.
In particular, with respect to Workshop Contributions, you represent and warrant that the Workshop Contribution was originally created by you (or, with respect to a Workshop Contribution to which others contributed besides you, by you and the other contributors, and in such case that you have the right to submit such Workshop Contribution on behalf of those other contributors).

You furthermore represent and warrant that the User Generated Content, your submission of that Content, and your granting of rights in that Content does not violate any applicable contract, law or regulation.
7.
DISCLAIMERS.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
NO GUARANTEES.
LIMITED WARRANTY ⏶

THIS SECTION 7 DOES NOT APPLY TO EU SUBSCRIBERS.


FOR AUSTRALIAN SUBSCRIBERS, THIS SECTION 7 DOES NOT EXCLUDE, RESTRICT OR MODIFY THE APPLICATION OF ANY GUARANTEE, RIGHT OR REMEDY THAT CANNOT BE SO EXCLUDED, RESTRICTED OR MODIFIED, INCLUDING THOSE CONFERRED BY THE AUSTRALIAN CONSUMER LAW (ACL).
UNDER THE ACL, GOODS COME WITH GUARANTEES INCLUDING A GUARANTEE THAT GOODS ARE OF ACCEPTABLE QUALITY.
IF THERE IS A FAILURE OF THIS GUARANTEE, YOU ARE ENTITLED TO A REMEDY (WHICH MAY INCLUDE HAVING THE GOODS REPAIRED OR REPLACED OR A REFUND).
IF A REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT CANNOT BE PROVIDED OR THERE IS A MAJOR FAILURE, YOU ARE ENTITLED TO A REFUND.
FOR NEW ZEALAND SUBSCRIBERS, THIS SECTION 7 DOES NOT EXCLUDE, RESTRICT OR MODIFY THE APPLICATION OF ANY RIGHT OR REMEDY THAT CANNOT BE SO EXCLUDED, RESTRICTED OR MODIFIED INCLUDING THOSE CONFERRED BY THE NEW ZEALAND CONSUMER GUARANTEES ACT 1993.
UNDER THIS ACT ARE GUARANTEES WHICH INCLUDE THAT GOODS AND SERVICES ARE OF ACCEPTABLE QUALITY.
IF THIS GUARANTEE IS NOT MET THERE ARE ENTITLEMENTS TO HAVE THE SOFTWARE REMEDIED (WHICH MAY INCLUDE REPAIR, REPLACEMENT OR REFUND).
IF A REMEDY CANNOT BE PROVIDED OR THE FAILURE IS OF A SUBSTANTIAL CHARACTER, THE ACT PROVIDES FOR A REFUND.
 Prior to acquiring a Subscription, you should consult the product information made available on Steam, including Subscription description, minimum technical requirements, and user reviews.

A.
DISCLAIMERS
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, VALVE AND ITS AFFILIATES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM (I) ANY WARRANTY FOR STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, AND THE SUBSCRIPTIONS, AND (II) ANY COMMON LAW DUTIES WITH REGARD TO STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, AND THE SUBSCRIPTIONS, INCLUDING DUTIES OF LACK OF NEGLIGENCE AND LACK OF WORKMANLIKE EFFORT.
STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, THE SUBSCRIPTIONS, AND ANY INFORMATION AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION THEREWITH ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT.
ANY WARRANTY AGAINST INFRINGEMENT THAT MAY BE PROVIDED IN SECTION 2-312 OF THE UNITED STATES UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE AND/OR IN ANY OTHER COMPARABLE STATE STATUTE IS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.
ALSO, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT, OR AUTHORITY IN CONNECTION WITH STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, THE SUBSCRIPTIONS, OR INFORMATION AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION THEREWITH.
ANY WARRANTY AGAINST INFRINGEMENT THAT MAY BE PROVIDED IN SECTION 2-312 OF THE UNITED STATES UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE IS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.
B.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER VALVE, ITS LICENSORS, NOR THEIR AFFILIATES, NOR ANY OF VALVE’S SERVICE PROVIDERS, SHALL BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE STEAM, YOUR ACCOUNT, YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS AND THE CONTENT AND SERVICES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES.
IN NO EVENT WILL VALVE BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, THE SUBSCRIPTIONS, AND ANY INFORMATION AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, OR THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, SUBSCRIPTIONS OR ANY INFORMATION, EVEN IN THE EVENT OF VALVE’S OR ITS AFFILIATES’ FAULT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR BREACH OF VALVE’S WARRANTY AND EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
THESE LIMITATIONS AND LIABILITY EXCLUSIONS APPLY EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS TO PROVIDE ADEQUATE RECOMPENSE.

BECAUSE SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH STATES OR JURISDICTIONS, EACH OF VALVE, ITS LICENSORS, AND ITS AFFILIATES’ LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
C.
NO GUARANTEES
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER VALVE NOR ITS AFFILIATES GUARANTEE CONTINUOUS, ERROR-FREE, VIRUS-FREE OR SECURE OPERATION AND ACCESS TO STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, YOUR ACCOUNT AND/OR YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS(S) OR ANY INFORMATION AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION THEREWITH.
D.
LIMITED WARRANTY
CERTAIN HARDWARE PURCHASED FROM VALVE IS SUBJECT TO A LIMITED WARRANTY, [OR DEPENDING ON YOUR LOCATION, A STATUTORY WARRANTY] WHICH IS DESCRIBED IN DETAIL HERE.
8.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS AGREEMENT ⏶

PLEASE NOTE: If you are a consumer with place of residence in Germany, a different version of Section 8 applies to you, which is available here.
This Agreement may at any time be mutually amended by your explicit consent to changes proposed by Valve.
Furthermore, Valve may amend this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use) unilaterally at any time in its sole discretion.
In this case, you will be notified by e-mail of any amendment to this Agreement made by Valve within 60 (sixty) days before the entry into force of the said amendment.
You can view the Agreement at any time at http://www.steampowered.com/.
Your failure to cancel your Account within thirty (30) days after the entry into force of the amendments, will constitute your acceptance of the amended terms.
If you don’t agree to the amendments or to any of the terms in this Agreement, your only remedy is to cancel your Account or to cease use of the affected Subscription(s).
Valve shall not have any obligation to refund any fees that may have accrued to your Account before cancellation of your Account or cessation of use of any Subscription, nor shall Valve have any obligation to prorate any fees in such circumstances.

9.
TERM AND TERMINATION ⏶

A.
Term
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") commences on the date you first indicate your acceptance of these terms, and will continue in effect until otherwise terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
B.
Termination by You
You may cancel your Account at any time.
You may cease use of a Subscription at any time or, if you choose, you may request that Valve terminate your access to a Subscription.
However, Subscriptions are not transferable, and even if your access to a Subscription for a particular game or application is terminated, the original activation key will not be able to be registered to any other account, even if the Subscription was obtained in a retail store.
Access to Subscriptions purchased as a part of a pack or bundle cannot be terminated individually, termination of access to one game within the bundle will result in termination of access to all games purchased in the pack.
Your cancellation of an Account, or your cessation of use of any Subscription or request that access to a Subscription be terminated, will not entitle you to any refund, including of any Subscription fees.
Valve reserves the right to collect fees, surcharges or costs incurred prior to the cancellation of your Account or termination of your access to a particular Subscription.
In addition, you are responsible for any charges incurred to third-party vendors or content providers before your cancellation.

C.
Termination by Valve
Valve may cancel your Account or any particular Subscription(s) at any time in the event that (a) Valve ceases providing such Subscriptions to similarly situated Subscribers generally, or (b) you breach any terms of this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use).
In the event that your Account or a particular Subscription is terminated or cancelled by Valve for a violation of this Agreement or improper or illegal activity, no refund, including of any Subscription fees or of any unused funds in your Steam Wallet, will be granted.
D.
Survival of Terms
Sections 2(C), 2(D), 2(F), 2(G), 3(A), 3(B), 3(D), 3(H), and 5 - 12 will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.
10.
APPLICABLE LAW/JURISDICTION ⏶

For All Customers Outside the European Union:
You agree that this Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and executed in the State of Washington, U.S.A., and any dispute arising hereunder shall be resolved in accordance with the law of Washington excluding the law of conflicts and the Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
Subject to Section 11 (Dispute Resolution/Binding Arbitration/Class Action Waiver) below, you agree that any claim asserted in any legal proceeding by you against Valve shall be commenced and maintained exclusively in any state or federal court located in King County, Washington, having subject matter jurisdiction with respect to the dispute between the parties and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts.
In any dispute arising under this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to attorneys’ fees and expenses.
For EU Customers:
In the event of a dispute relating to the interpretation, the performance or the validity of the Subscriber Agreement, an amicable solution will be sought before any legal action.
You can file your complaint at http://help.steampowered.com.
In case of failure, you may, within one year of the failed request, file an online complaint on the European Commission’s Online Dispute Resolution website: https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/odr/main/index.cfm?event=main.home.chooseLanguage, or on the European Consumer Center’s website: http://www.europe-consommateurs.eu/index.php?id=2514.
In the event that out-of-court dispute resolutions fail, the dispute may be brought before the competent courts.
11.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION/BINDING ARBITRATION/CLASS ACTION WAIVER ⏶

This Section 11 shall apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
If the laws of your jurisdiction prohibit the application of some or all of the provisions of this Section notwithstanding Section 10 (Applicable Law/Jurisdiction), such provisions will not apply to you.
IN PARTICULAR, IF YOU LIVE IN THE EUROPEAN UNION, THIS SECTION 11 DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Most user concerns can be resolved by use of our Steam support site at https://support.steampowered.com/.
If Valve is unable to resolve your concerns and a dispute remains between you and Valve, this Section explains how the parties have agreed to resolve it.
YOU AND VALVE AGREE TO RESOLVE ALL DISPUTES AND CLAIMS BETWEEN US IN INDIVIDUAL BINDING ARBITRATION.
THAT INCLUDES, BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO, ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO: (i) ANY ASPECT OF THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN US.
(ii) THIS AGREEMENT.
OR (iii) YOUR USE OF STEAM, YOUR ACCOUNT OR THE CONTENT AND SERVICES.
IT APPLIES REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH CLAIMS ARE BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE, FRAUD, UNFAIR COMPETITION, MISREPRESENTATION OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY.
However, this Section does not apply to the following types of claims or disputes, which you or Valve may bring in any court with jurisdiction: (i) claims of infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights, including such claims seeking injunctive relief.
and (ii) claims related to or arising from any alleged unauthorized use, piracy or theft.
This Section does not prevent you from bringing your dispute to the attention of any federal, state, or local government agencies that can, if the law allows, seek relief from us for you.
An arbitration is a proceeding before a neutral arbitrator, instead of before a judge or jury.
Arbitration is less formal than a lawsuit in court, and provides more limited discovery.
It follows different rules than court proceedings, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
The arbitrator will issue a written decision and provide a statement of reasons if requested by either party.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU AND VALVE ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND TO HAVE A TRIAL BEFORE A JUDGE OR JURY.
You and Valve agree to make reasonable, good faith efforts to informally resolve any dispute before initiating arbitration.
A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send the other a written notice that describes the nature and basis of the claim or dispute and sets forth the relief sought.
If you and Valve do not reach an agreement to resolve that claim or dispute within 30 days after the notice is received, you or Valve may commence an arbitration.
Written notice to Valve must be sent via postal mail to: ATTN: Arbitration Notice, Valve Corporation, P.O.
Box 1688, Bellevue, WA 98004.

The Federal Arbitration Act applies to this Section.
The arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) and, where applicable, the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes, as modified by this Agreement, both of which are available at http://www.adr.org.
The arbitrator is bound by the terms of this Agreement.

The AAA will administer the arbitration.
It may be conducted through the submission of documents, by phone, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.

If you seek $10,000 or less, Valve agrees to reimburse your filing fee and your share of the arbitration costs, including your share of arbitrator compensation, at the conclusion of the proceeding, unless the arbitrator determines your claims are frivolous or costs are unreasonable as determined by the arbitrator.
Valve agrees not to seek its attorneys’ fees or costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines your claims are frivolous or costs are unreasonable as determined by the arbitrator.
If you seek more than $10,000, the arbitration costs, including arbitrator compensation, will be split between you and Valve according to the AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules and the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes, if applicable.

YOU AND VALVE AGREE NOT TO BRING OR PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR COLLECTIVE ARBITRATION, EVEN IF AAA’s PROCEDURES OR RULES WOULD OTHERWISE ALLOW ONE.
THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT OF THAT PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM.
You and Valve also agree not to seek to combine any action or arbitration with any other action or arbitration without the consent of all parties to this Agreement and all other actions or arbitrations.
If the agreement in this Section not to bring or participate in a class or representative action, private attorney general action or collective arbitration should be found illegal or unenforceable, you and Valve agree that it shall not be severable, that this entire Section shall be unenforceable and any claim or dispute would be resolved in court and not in collective arbitration.

Notwithstanding this Section, you have the right to litigate any dispute in small claims court, if all the requirements of the small claims court, including any limitations on jurisdiction and the amount at issue in the dispute, are satisfied.

12.
MISCELLANEOUS ⏶

Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, in the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining portions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
This Agreement, including any Subscription Terms, Rules of Use, the Valve Privacy Policy, and the Valve Hardware Warranty Policy, constitutes and contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior oral or written agreements.
You agree that this Agreement is not intended to confer and does not confer any rights or remedies upon any person other than the parties to this Agreement.
Valve’s obligations are subject to existing laws and legal process and Valve may comply with law enforcement or regulatory requests or requirements notwithstanding any contrary term.
You agree to comply with all applicable import/export laws and regulations.
You agree not to export the Content and Services or Hardware or allow use of your Account by individuals of any terrorist supporting countries to which encryption exports are at the time of exportation restricted by the U.S.
Bureau of Export Administration.
You represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such prohibited country.
This Agreement was last updated on August 31st, 2017 ("Revision Date").
If you were a Subscriber before the Revision Date, it replaces your existing agreement with Valve or Valve SARL on the day that you explicitly accept it.
If you prefer to continue using Steam and your existing Subscriptions under the version of the Agreement in effect prior to the Revision Date, you are free to do so. Privacy Feedback
  Copyright © 2017 Valve Corporation.
All rights reserved.
Valve, the Valve logo, Half-Life, the Half-Life logo, the Lambda logo, Steam, the Steam logo, Team Fortress, the Team Fortress logo, Opposing Force, Day of Defeat, the Day of Defeat logo, Counter-Strike, the Counter-Strike logo, Source, the Source logo, Counter-Strike: Condition Zero, Portal, the Portal logo, Dota, the Dota 2 logo, and Defense of the Ancients are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Valve Corporation.
All other trademarks are property of their respective owners.
Valve Video Policy Click here for information.
Third Party Legal Notices Steam and other Valve products distributed via Steam use certain third party materials that require notifications about their license terms.
You can find a list of these notifications in the file called ThirdPartyLegalNotices.doc distributed with the Steam client and/or a particular Valve product.
Where license terms require Valve to make source code available for redistribution, the code may be found here.
Claims of Copyright Infringement Valve respects the intellectual property rights of others, and we ask that everyone using our internet sites and services do the same.
Anyone who believes that their work has been reproduced in one of our internet sites or services in a way that constitutes copyright infringement may notify Valve via this page.
 More information about U.S.
copyright law can be found at the United States Copyright Office http://lcweb.loc.gov/copyright/

 
