
Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Support The Guardian Available for everyone, funded by readers Contribute Subscribe Contribute Search jobs Sign in My account 
 Comments &amp.
replies 
 Public profile 
 Account details 
 Emails &amp.
marketing 
 Membership 
 Contributions 
 Subscriptions 
 Sign out 
 Search 
 switch to the US edition 
 switch to the UK edition 
 switch to the Australia edition 
 switch to the International edition 
 current edition: US edition 
 News 
 Opinion 
 Sport 
 Culture 
 Lifestyle 
 Show
More






News 
 US news 
 Elections 2020 
 World news 
 Environment 
 Soccer 
 US politics 
 Business 
 Tech 
 Science 





Opinion 
 The Guardian view 
 Columnists 
 Letters 
 Opinion videos 
 Cartoons 





Sport 
 Soccer 
 NFL 
 Tennis 
 MLB 
 MLS 
 NBA 
 NHL 





Culture 
 Film 
 Books 
 Music 
 Art &amp.
design 
 TV &amp.
radio 
 Stage 
 Classical 
 Games 





Lifestyle 
 Fashion 
 Food 
 Recipes 
 Love &amp.
sex 
 Home &amp.
garden 
 Health &amp.
fitness 
 Family 
 Travel 
 Money 


 What term do you want to search? 

Search with google 
 Make a contribution 
 Subscribe 





US edition 
 switch to the UK edition 
 switch to the Australia edition 
 switch to the International edition 




 Search jobs 
 Digital Archive 
 Discount Codes 
 The Guardian app 
 Video 
 Podcasts 
 Pictures 
 Newsletters 
 Inside the Guardian 
 Guardian Weekly 
 Crosswords 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 


 Search jobs 
 Digital Archive 
 Discount Codes 
 Supplying content to Guardian News &amp.
Media Terms and conditions  Fri 19 Mar 2010 11.43&nbsp;EDT First published on Fri 19 Mar 2010 11.43&nbsp;EDT 

 Share on Facebook 
 Share on Twitter 
 Share via Email 

Terms and conditions of use

Welcome to our digital information network.
These are our terms and conditions for use of the network, which you may access in several ways, including but not limited to the World Wide Web via theguardian.com, digital television, PDA, mobile phone and RSS feeds.
In these terms and conditions, when we say the “Guardian Site” we mean the digital information network operated by or on behalf of Guardian News &amp.
Media Limited or its parent companies, subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “Guardian”), regardless of how you access the network, as well as any Guardian apps whether you access those via a Guardian Site or a third party site.
However you access the Guardian Site, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.
If you have accessed the Guardian Site from the United States or Australia, you also agree to be bound by additional terms contained at the end of these terms and conditions.


1.
Registration 

You may access areas of the Guardian Site that require registration by becoming a registered member and creating an account with us.
You agree to be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your passwords or other account identifiers which you choose and all activities that occur under your account.

By registering on the Guardian Site, you agree that: (i) your account and password are personal to you and may not be used by anyone else to access the Guardian Site;
(ii) you will not do anything which would assist anyone who is not a registered user to gain access to any registration area of the Guardian Site.
and
(iii) you will not create registration accounts for the purpose of abusing the functionality of the site, or other users.
nor will you seek to pass yourself off as another user.

You agree to notify us immediately if you become aware any unauthorised use of your password or account identifiers by others.

2.
Termination of registration 

If you no longer wish to have a registered account, you may terminate your account by sending an email to userhelp@theguardian.com.
If you no longer accept these terms and conditions, or any future modification to these terms and conditions, you must cease using the Guardian Site.
Continued use of the Guardian Site indicates your continued acceptance of these terms and conditions.

If, for any reason, we believe that you have not complied with these terms and conditions, we may, at our sole discretion, cancel your access to the registration areas of Guardian Site immediately and without prior notice. We may terminate your registered account, at our sole discretion, by emailing you at the address you have registered stating that the agreement has terminated.

3.
Use of material appearing on the Guardian Site

Your use of the Guardian Site is for your own personal and non-commercial use only.
You acknowledge that, as between Guardian and you, except for user content and advertisements (as discussed below), Guardian is the sole owner of all content on the Guardian Site, including, without limitation, all applicable copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, trade names, logos, and other intellectual property rights thereto, as well as text, images, graphics, logos, audio, video and other material appearing on the Guardian Site (“Guardian Content”).
The Guardian Site and the Guardian Content are protected by the copyright laws and other intellectual property laws of the United Kingdom, the United States and Australia and are protected globally by applicable international copyright treaties.

You may download and print extracts from the Guardian Content for your own personal and non-commercial use only, provided you maintain and abide by any author attribution, copyright or trademark notice or restriction in any material that you download or print.
You may not use any Guardian Content for any other purpose without our prior written approval.
Except as expressly authorised by the Guardian, you are not allowed to create a database in electronic or paper form comprising all or part of the material appearing on the Guardian Site.

If you wish to use our content other than as permitted by these terms and conditions, please contact us at syndication@theguardian.com.
If you operate a news aggregation service that charges a subscription fee to its users, then you need to approach the NLA directly to discuss your licensing requirements.
Please see nla.co.uk.

For all other inquiries about distribution or reproduction of the materials, please contact syndication@theguardian.com.

4.
Disclaimer of liability

To the extent permitted at law, we do not accept any responsibility for any statement in the Guardian Content.
Nothing in the Guardian Content is provided for any specific purpose or at the request of any particular person.
For the avoidance of confusion, we will not be liable for any loss caused as a result of your doing, or not doing, anything as a result of viewing, reading or listening to the Guardian Content or any part of it.
You can access other sites via links from the Guardian Site.
These sites are not under our control and we are not responsible in any way for any of their contents.

We give no warranties of any kind concerning the Guardian Site or the Guardian Content.
In particular, we do not warrant that the Guardian Site or any of its contents is virus free.
You must take your own precautions in this respect as we accept no responsibility for any infection by virus or other contamination or by anything which has destructive properties.

Although we will do our best to provide constant, uninterrupted access to the Guardian Site, we do not guarantee this.
We accept no responsibility or liability for any interruption or delay.
If you are accessing the Guardian Site from the United States or Australia, the additional disclaimers and limitations of liability in Sections 16 and 17 and apply.

5.
Third party advertising on the Guardian Site

You will see advertising material submitted by third parties on the Guardian Site.
Each individual advertiser is solely responsible for the content of its advertising material.
We accept no responsibility for the content of advertising material, including, without limitation, any error, omission or inaccuracy therein.

If you want to advertise on the Guardian Site, please email the user help team at userhelp@theguardian.com, and they will pass your details on to our advertising sales team.

6.
User content

Users of our site may be permitted to submit content for publication in various areas of the Guardian Site.
Interactions with our site are governed by our Community Standards and Participation Guidelines accessible at theguardian.com/community-standards which are incorporated in these terms and conditions.
You will be deemed to consent to these guidelines, and these terms and conditions, if you choose to post any content or comments to the Guardian Site.
When you submit content to us, you agree and represent that you have created that content, or you have received permission from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the Guardian Site.

You or the owner of the content still own the copyright in the content sent to us, but by submitting content to us, you are granting us an unconditional, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully transferable, perpetual worldwide licence to use, publish and/or transmit, and to authorise third-parties to use, publish and/or transmit your content in any format and on any platform, either now known or hereinafter invented.
You acknowledge and agree that when you post content on the Guardian Site or view content provided by others, you are doing so at your own discretion and risk, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, of that content.
You further acknowledge and agree that the views expressed by you and other users in that content do not necessarily reflect the views of Guardian, and we do not support or endorse any user content.
You acknowledge that we have no obligation to pre-screen, monitor, review, or edit any content posted by you and other users on the Guardian Site.

We, or authorised third parties, reserve the right to cut, crop, edit or refuse to publish, your content at our or their sole discretion.
We may remove your content from use at any time.
We accept no liability in respect of any content submitted by users and published by us or by authorised third parties.
You warrant that the content you submit to us is not obscene, threatening, harassing, libellous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, offensive, defamatory of any person or illegal.
You warrant that the content you submit to us does not infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual or proprietary or privacy right of any party or individual.
You agree not to (i) post content which is deliberately intended to upset or harm other users.
(ii) use the Guardian Site to post or otherwise transmit content that victimises, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of any impermissible classification, including, without limitation, religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, colour, creed, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, age, marital status, military status or disability.
(iii) post or otherwise transmit any content that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of the Guardian Site or any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
(iv) upload or otherwise transmit any content, or take any other actions with respect to your use of the Guardian Site, that would constitute, or would otherwise encourage, criminal conduct or give rise to civil liability.
or (v) use the Guardian Site for commercial purposes, including, without limitation, submitting any material to solicit funds or to promote, advertise or solicit the sale of any goods or services.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Guardian Site may involve (i) transmissions over various networks.
and (ii) changes to content to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
Guardian assumes no responsibility for the deletion or failure to store postings of content or other information submitted by you or other users to the Guardian Site.

If you are under 16, you confirm that you have permission of your parent or guardian to submit content.

Any queries regarding copyright and your content should be directed in the first instance to rights@theguardian.com.
Readers of our print products submitting content to Guardian News &amp.
Media should read our terms here.

7.
Apps

You may download certain Guardian apps (“Apps”) either from Guardian Sites or from third party app stores or shops.
All of these terms apply to the maximum extent relevant to your use of the Apps (and in particular, the terms of section 6 apply where you are using an App to submit user content to the Guardian Sites).
In addition to the limitations on our liability set out in Section 4, 16 and 17, we shall not be liable for any damage caused to or interference with any equipment or other Apps or content of any description.

8.
Data protection

To find out what personal data we collect and how we use it, please visit our privacy policy at theguardian.com/help/privacy-policy.

9.
Changes to these terms and conditions of use 

Please note that we may change these terms and conditions from time to time at our sole discretion and we reserve the right to do without your consent.
Any revised terms and conditions will be applicable at the time of posting on the Guardian Site.
Please ensure that you review these terms and conditions regularly as you will be deemed to have accepted a variation if you continue to use the Guardian Site after it has been posted.

10.
Governing law &amp.
jurisdiction (except for US users)

These terms and conditions are governed by English law and the parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts, provided that use of the Guardian Site in the United States is governed by Section below entitled Governing law &amp.
jurisdiction (for US users)

11.
Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Guardian, its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and each of their respective officers, directors, and employees from any and all claims, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees and expenses, arising out a breach by you or any user of your account of these terms and conditions or privacy policy or arising out of a breach of your obligations, representation and warranties under these terms and conditions.

12.
No waiver

Our failure to insist upon or enforce any provision of these terms of service shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right of Guardian.
Additional terms of use for users in the United States and Australia

13.
Additional restrictions on user content for US users

In addition to section 6 the terms in Section above, you agree not to use the Guardian Site to upload, post, e-mail, or otherwise transmit any content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or regulation or under any contractual or fiduciary relationship (such as insider information, intellectual, proprietary or confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements and to intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, or the NASDAQ, and any rules, regulations, orders, directives and the like having the force of law).

14.
DMCA notice for US users

If you are a US copyright owner or an agent of a US copyright owner and believe that any user content or other content on the Guardian Site infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(3), the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) by providing our designated copyright agent with the following information in writing:
(i) identification of the copyrighted work or works claimed to have been infringed.
(ii) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;(iii) your contact information including name a address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address.
(iv) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorised by the owner of the work, its agent, or the law.
(v) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorised to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
and(vi) your physical or electronic signature;
Guardian’s designated copyright agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement is: dmca@theguardian.com.
Only DMCA notices should go to the designated copyright agent.
You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this Section, your DMCA notice may not be valid.

15.
Governing law &amp.
jurisdiction (for US users)

If you have accessed the Guardian Site from the US, these terms and conditions are governed by the laws of the United States of America and the laws of the State of New York.
You agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or dispute with Guardian or relating in any way to your use of the Guardian Site resides in the courts of the County of New York, State of New York, and you further agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in the courts of the County of New York, State of New York, in connection with any such dispute and including any claim involving Guardian News &amp.
Media LLC or its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors, telecommunication providers and content providers.
You agree that any cause of action or claim that you may have with respect to your use of the Guardian Site must be commenced within one year after the act or omission giving rise to the claim or cause of action arose.

16.
Additional disclaimers

Visitors to the Guardian Site agree that their use of the Guardian Site is at their own sole risk.
The Guardian Site is provided “as is” and “as available,” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied including but not limited to: (i) any warranties concerning the availability, accuracy, appropriateness, reliability, timeliness, or usefulness of the content of the Guardian Site.
and (ii) any warranties of title, warranty of non-infringement, or warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
Guardian also makes no representations and warranties as to any linked sites and Guardian has no liability or responsibility with respect to your use of such sites.
In some instances, content made available on the Guardian Site may represent the opinions and judgments of providers or users, such as user content.
Guardian and its affiliates do not endorse nor shall they be responsible or liable for the accuracy or reliability of any statement made on the Guardian Site by anyone other than authorised Guardian employees acting in such capacity.
This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injuries caused by the Guardian Site, including, without limitation, those damages or injuries occurring as a result of: (i) any error, omission, deletion, or defect in the content available on the Guardian Site.
or (ii) any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction of records, information or data, unauthorised access to, alteration of, or use of records, information or data, whether for breach of contract, tort, negligence, defamation, or any other cause of action.
Guardian does not warrant or guarantee that access to the Guardian Site will be uninterrupted or error-free.
Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.


17.
Limitation of liability

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, IN NO EVENT WILL GUARDIAN OR ITS AFFILIATES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT LOSS, DAMAGE, COST, EXPENSE OR LIABILITY OF ANY KIND (“LOSS”) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AVAILABILITY, USE, RELIANCE ON, OR INABILITY TO USE THE GUARDIAN SITE, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION): (i) DAMAGES FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS AND OTHER PROFITS, LOSS OF PROGRAMS, COST OF REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE OR LOSS OF RECORDS, INFORMATION OR DATA, LOSS OF USE OF DATA, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF CUSTOMERS, LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO REPUTATION, LOSS OF CAPITAL, DOWNTIME COSTS, LOSS UNDER OR IN RELATION TO ANY OTHER CONTRACT, OR LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS OR BENEFITS.
(ii) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS.
OR (iii) ANY LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR OTHER INACCURACIES IN THE GUARDIAN SITE.
THE EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY IN THIS SECTION 17 APPLIES EVEN IF GUARDIAN SHALL HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS.

BECAUSE SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PARTICULAR KINDS OF LOSS, IN SUCH STATES OR JURISDICTIONS, GUARDIAN’S LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW (THEREBY MINIMIZING GUARDIAN’S LIABILITY TO YOU TO THE LOWEST AMOUNT THAT APPLICABLE LAW PERMITS).


18.
Exclusion of warranties (for Australian users) 

The Australian Consumer Law may confer certain rights and remedies on you in relation to the provision by Guardian of goods and services under these terms and conditions.
Notwithstanding the disclaimers and limitations of liability in Sections 4, 16 and 17 above, these terms and conditions do not exclude, restrict or modify the application of any condition, warranty, guarantee, right or remedy conferred by or implied under any provision of the Australian Consumer Law or any other statute where to do so would: (i) contravene the relevant statute.
or (ii) cause any part of these terms and conditions to be void and/or unenforceable (“Non-Excludable Obligation”).
Except in relation to Non-Excludable Obligations, all conditions, warranties and other provisions implied or conferred by statute, custom, or the general law that impose any liability or obligation on Guardian are expressly excluded under these terms and conditions.

19.
Non-Excludable Obligations (for Australian users) 

In relation to Non-Excludable Obligations (other than a guarantee as to title, encumbrances or quiet possession conferred by the Australian Consumer Law), except for goods or services of a kind ordinarily acquired for personal, domestic or household use or consumption (in respect of which our liability is not so limited under these terms and conditions), Guardian’s liability to you for a failure to comply with any Non-Excludable Obligation is limited to: (i) in the case of services, the lowest of the cost of supplying the services again and payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.
and (ii) in the case of goods, the lowest of the cost of replacing the goods, supplying equivalent goods or having the goods repaired, or payment of the cost of replacing the goods, supplying equivalent goods or having the goods repaired.

Details of variations

September 8 2005: Section 1 adapted to include reference to mobile phones.
Section 7 adapted to include references to blogs and Been There service.
November 1 2005: Addition to Section 8 regarding email alerts for Guardian Jobs users.

When you register for Guardian Jobs services you will be asked to provide some further information.

If you have asked to receive email alerts about specific jobs the frequency with which you will receive these will depend upon the service that you have chosen.
Additionally you will receive regular newsletters with information about developments with the Guardian Jobs website.
If you have not subscribed to specific email alerts you will still receive these regular emails but can unsubscribe at any time.
We do not allow employers to view any of your personal details without your express consent.

Guardian Jobmatch only operates as an employment agency in relation to the hirer to the extent that it matches profiles submitted by jobseekers in response to existing job vacancies on the site.
Guardian Jobmatch does not have any authority as an employment agency or otherwise to act for the hirer and does not effect introductions between hirers and jobseekers, or vice versa.
May 7 2008: Link to privacy policy inserted to replace text in Section 8 for consistency.
Community Standards and Participation Guidelines incorporated in Sections 6 and 7.

1 February 2010: A reference to the Guardian headline service was removed from Section 3 and replaced with information about the NLA’s ability to issues licences to certain news aggregators.

In Section 6 the licence granted in respect of graphical and photographic works submitted to us was updated to include print use.
18 April 2011: Revised and merged terms for the submission of content by site users.
Subsequent paragraphs renumbered.
19 September 2011: Modified to cover guardiannews.com and to introduce specific terms for users accessing the site in the US.
27 February 2012: New section included at 7 to address Apps and consequential section renumbering.
17 January 2013: Section 6 amended to include reference to under 16s submitting content.
Section 7 modified to capture user content submitted via Apps.

2 May 2013: New Sections 18 and 19 included to introduce specific terms for users accessing the site from Australia.
Amendments to section 17.
Consequential amendments to other provisions.
30 July 2013: Modified to include reference to theguardian.com
25 May 2018: Updated reference to privacy policy in Section 8.
© 2013 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies.
All rights reserved. Topics 
 Supplying content to Guardian News &amp.
Media 


 help 


 Share on Facebook 
 Share on Twitter 
 Share via Email 
 Share on LinkedIn 
 Share on Pinterest 
 Share on WhatsApp 
 Share on Messenger 


 Reuse this content 
 Most popular 
 News 
 Opinion 
 Sport 
 Culture 
 Lifestyle 



About us


Contact us


Complaints &amp.
corrections


SecureDrop


Work for us


Privacy policy


Cookie policy


Terms &amp.
conditions


Help




All topics


All writers


Digital newspaper archive


Facebook


Twitter




Advertise with us


Guardian Labs


Search jobs


Dating


Discount Codes

 Support The&nbsp;Guardian Available for everyone, funded by readers Contribute Subscribe Back to top © 2019 Guardian News &amp.
Media Limited or its affiliated companies.
All rights reserved.
Close &lt;img id="googleConfidenceNoScriptImage" alt="" src="//phar.gu-web.net/count/pvg.gif" width="1" height="1" class="u-h"/&gt.
&lt;img src="https://sb.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=6035250&amp;cv=2.0&amp;cj=1&amp;comscorekw=Supplying+content+to+Guardian+News+%26+Media%2CInformation%2CHelp"/&gt.
&lt;div style="display:inline;"&gt.
&lt;img height="1" width="1" style="border-style:none;" alt="" src="//googleads.g.doubleclick.net/pagead/viewthroughconversion/971225648/?value=0&amp;amp;guid=ON&amp;amp;script=0"/&gt.
&lt;/div&gt.
&nbsp; 
This is the privacy policy for theguardian.com and associated apps.
Some of our other sites and services have their own policies, and there is more about how to find these below.
 Everything that we do is guided by our values – including our editorial approach and how we use data.
We use your personal data for many reasons, from understanding how our users engage with our journalism to informing our marketing and advertising.
Ultimately, this allows us to publish the journalism that you read on our sites and apps.

 These are the main reasons why we collect and use data about our users: 

To show you journalism that is relevant to you and to improve your experience on our site
To provide the services you sign up for, such as subscriptions
To carry out marketing analysis and send you communications when we have your permission, or when permitted by law
To enable us to show advertising on our sites.

We think carefully about our use of personal data, and below you can find the details of what we do to protect your privacy.
This policy covers, among other topics :

Information about your rights and our obligations
Clarity about our dealings with you and transparency about how we collect and use your personal data
Commitments on how we protect your personal data
Commitments on how we will facilitate your rights and respond to your questions.

We will continue to examine how we can provide more clarity to our users about our use of data.
IntroductionContents
About this privacy policy
Who we are and how to contact us 
What personal data we collect and how we use it
How we collect personal data
Personal data that we receive about you from other organisations
Using children’s personal data
Security of your personal data
International data transfers
How long we keep your personal data
How we may contact you
Cookies and similar technology
Online advertising
Advertising that we place on our site or on other sites
Your rights with regard to the personal data that we hold about you
Your California privacy rights
Contact us for information about how we use your personal data
About this privacy policy
This privacy policy explains how we (Guardian News &amp.
Media Limited) collect, use, share and transfer your personal data when you use the services provided on theguardian.com (“our sites”) and our related mobile applications (“our apps”).

Personal data is any information about you by which you can be identified.
This can include information such as:

your name, date of birth, email address, postal address, phone number, mobile number;

debit card details;

information about your device (such as the IP address, which is a numerical code to identify your device that can provide information about the country, region or city where you are based).
and
information relating to your personal circumstances and how you use our sites, apps and services.


Some of our other services have separate privacy policies.
You can read them using these links:


Guardian Jobs (jobseekers) 
Guardian Jobs (recruiters)
Guardian Soulmates
Guardian Holidays
Guardian Courses
Guardian Crowd (pdf)

Sometimes our sites and apps may contain links to third party sites and services.
These sites and services have their own privacy policies.
If you follow a link to a third party, you should read the privacy policy shown on their site.
Who we are and how to contact us The data controller for our sites and apps is Guardian News &amp.
Media Limited, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1 9GU.
This means that we are responsible for deciding how and why we hold and use your personal data.
If you want to contact us, you can find our contact details in the “How to contact us” section below.

What personal data we collect and how we use it
We collect personal data when you sign up for our services and when you browse our sites or use our apps.
This information is used to provide our journalism and other services, display advertising and analyse how visitors use our sites or apps.

The personal data we collect when you register for a Guardian account

When you register for a Guardian account on theguardian.com we collect:


your name;

your email address;

some limited data from your social media profile (further information on this is below) if you have signed in to theguardian.com using your social media details.
and

your photograph, if you add one to your profile page.


You can choose to add a username to your profile page and you can use this when posting content or comments on our site.

When you register for a Guardian account, we assign you a unique ID number that we use to recognise you when you are signed in to our services.
This will recognise you if you sign in using the same account on a new device or through a different application such as the Guardian app on mobile devices.

When you use our sites or apps we may also use cookies or similar technology to collect extra data, including:

your IP address - a numerical code to identify your device and which can provide information about the country, region or city where you are based;

your browsing history of the content you have visited on our sites, including information on how you were referred to our sites via another website.
and

details of your devices, for example, the unique device ID, unique advertising ID and browsers used to access our content.


Some of our services, such as Professional Networks, may give you the option of providing more information about your preferences, so that we can tailor your experience.
Signing up for membership or a subscription may also mean you need to provide other details such as your address details:

We will not collect special categories of data - such as information about your race, political opinions, religion, health or sexual orientation - unless you have chosen to provide that information to us.

Using your social media details to sign into your Guardian account

When you sign in to our sites or apps using your Facebook login details, you give permission to Facebook to share with us your email address and certain aspects of your Facebook profile if you have made these public on your Facebook profile.
This only includes your first and last name, age range, link to your Facebook profile and profile picture.
We do not have access to updates on your Facebook profile.
If you use your Google login details, you give Google permission to share the information that you have made public in your Google profile.
This only includes your first and last name, your email address and whether your email address has been validated, your age range, a link to your Google profile and, if you have one, your profile picture.

We will then use this information to form a profile for your Guardian account.
If you remove the Guardian app from your Facebook settings, or if you remove the Guardian from your Google settings, we will no longer have access to this data.
However, we will still have the information that we received when you first set up your Guardian account using your Facebook or Google login.


 Posting comments on our sites

When you post information on a discussion board or comment publicly on an article on one of our sites, the information you post and your username are publicly accessible.
This information can be viewed online and collected by other people.
We are not responsible for the way these other people use this information.
When contributing to a discussion, we strongly recommend you avoid sharing any personal details, and especially information that can be used to identify you directly such as your name, age, address and name of employer.
We are not responsible for the privacy of any identifiable information that you post in our online community or other public pages of the site.

Using our apps

The Guardian app uses information on the content you have viewed.
A list of the articles that you have recently viewed is cached in the local storage on your mobile device.
You can delete this reading history in the settings of the app.
Information on what you have viewed in the app and information on bugs and crashes is also sent to us.
You can choose to receive notifications on your mobile device via the app.
You can manage these notifications in the settings of the app.

How we collect personal data
We collect personal data when you:


become a supporter or registering for an account on theguardian.com;

contribute to fund and support the Guardian;

pay for a subscription or purchase any other products/services;

attend our events;

enter our competitions and surveys;

sign up to our editorial emails;

post in our online community;

sign up for marketing communications;

use mobile devices to access our content;

access our sites, through cookies and other similar technology.
and

when you contact us via email, social media, our apps or similar technologies or when you mention us on social media.



Why we use your personal data

We use personal data collected through our sites and apps for a number of purposes, including the following:

To provide the services you sign up for, such as sending out subscriptions.
We also use the personal data for related internal administrative purposes - such as our accounting and records - and to make you aware of any changes to our services.

To send marketing communications when we have your permission, or when permitted by law.

To personalise our services (for example, so you can sign in), remembering your settings, displaying personalised advertising as well as measuring how effective our online adverts are, recognising you when you sign in on different devices and tailoring our marketing communications based on what you read on our sites (including Guardian Jobs and Guardian Holidays).

To carry out marketing analysis, for example we look at what you have viewed on our sites and apps and what products and services you have bought (including what you have looked at and what products or services you have bought on our other platforms, for example Guardian Jobs) to better understand what your interests and preferences are, and to improve our marketing by making it more relevant to your interests and preferences.
You can opt out from having your personal data used for marketing analysis by going into your account to the tab “Emails and marketing”.

To improve our marketing communications, we use a similar technology to cookies to confirm whether you have opened a marketing email or clicked on a link in the email.

To sell advertising space on our sites.
Since the publication of the very first edition of the Manchester Guardian on 5 May 1821, our journalism has been funded in part by advertising.
Today, digital advertising underpins much of our investment in high quality journalism.
To find out more about our advertising standards, please click this link.

For statistical purposes such as analysing the performance of our sites and apps and to understand how visitors use them.

To respond to your queries and to resolve complaints.

For security and fraud prevention, and to ensure that our sites and apps are safe and secure and used in line with our terms of use.

To comply with applicable laws and regulations.



Access permissions that we ask from users of the Guardian app


When you use the Guardian app, we ask for the following permissions to access particular functions of your mobile device:


For the Android version, we ask for permission to access your contact details/profile on your mobile device, so that we can add or find your Guardian account on your phone.
We also ask for permission to access the storage on your mobile device, so that you can store content and read when offline.

For the iOS version, we ask for permission to save pictures to your photo library, so that you can save pictures that you find in our articles on your mobile device.



Legal grounds for using your personal data

We will only use your personal data where we have a legal ground to do so.
We determine the legal grounds based on the purposes for which we have collected and used your personal data.
In every case, the legal ground will be one of the following:

Consent: For example, where you have provided your consent to receive marketing emails from us.
You can withdraw your consent at any time.
In the case of marketing emails you can withdraw your consent by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email or through your email preferences in the “emails and marketing” tab, when signed into your Guardian account.



Our legitimate interests: Where it is necessary for us to understand our readers, promote our services and operate our sites and apps efficiently for the creation, publication and distribution of news, media and related journalistic content both online and in print form, globally.
For example, we will rely on our legitimate interest when we analyse what content has been viewed on our sites and apps, so that we can understand how they are used.
It is also in our legitimate interest to carry out marketing analysis to determine what products and services may be relevant to the interests of our readers.
You can opt out from having your personal data used for marketing analysis in your account in the “emails and marketing” tab.


Performance of a contract with you (or in order to take steps prior to entering into a contract with you): For example, where you have purchased a subscription from us and we need to use your contact details and payment information in order to process your order and deliver your subscription.


Compliance with law: In some cases, we may have a legal obligation to use or keep your personal data.


Updating your personal data and your profile page on our sites

When you register for an account with theguardian.com, you have access to a profile page.
Under “edit profile” you can review what information is public when you comment on our articles, or if people look up your profile.
You can also update your information or provide extra information if you want.

You may also update your marketing preferences in the “Emails and marketing” tab in your account.

Personal data that we receive about you from other organisations

Adding to or combining the personal data you provide to us

When you sign up to our services we may add to the personal data you give us by combining it with information shared with us by other trusted organisations.
This includes, for example, information about the region that you are located in, so that we can show you the prices for subscriptions or other products in your local currency.
We may also add information to improve the accuracy of your delivery address when we send out mail.
We may also obtain information from partners whose offers we include in some of our marketing communications and we use this information to ensure that we do not send you irrelevant marketing.
We also use information on the content you have viewed on our sites and apps and your interaction with the content to add you to groups with similar interests and preferences, so that we can make our online advertising more relevant.
Sometimes we use data about your interests or demographics that third parties have collected from you online to add to these groups.
Please refer to our cookies policy for more information on how we use cookies.


Information shared by event partners


When you register or book a ticket for a Guardian event organised by an event partner, your registration data may be shared with us by the event partner.

Using children’s personal data
We do not aim any of our products or services directly at children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal data about children under 13.
Some of our services may have a higher age restriction and this will be shown at the point of registration.

Security of your personal data
We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational controls to protect your personal data against unauthorised processing and against accidental loss, damage or destruction.
You are responsible for choosing a secure password when we ask you to set up a password to access parts of our sites or apps.
You should keep this password confidential and you should choose a password that you do not use on any other site.
You should not share your password with anyone else, including anyone who works for us.
Unfortunately, sending information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data once with us, we cannot guarantee the security of any personal data sent to our site while still in transit and so you provide it at your own risk.


Who we share your personal data with


Depending on where you live, we may share your personal data with the Guardian group of companies currently based in the UK, US or Australia.
For example, if you book an event held in Australia, at first we may hold your data on our systems in the UK and then we may share it with the Guardian in Australia for administration purposes.

If you are going to one of our events hosted by an event partner, we may share your personal data with that partner for event administration purposes.

Sometimes we may receive a letter, email or another form of communication from you that we consider to be significant to the history of the Guardian.
We may decide to share this with the Guardian Archive run by the Guardian Foundation for historic and archiving purposes.

We do not share your personal data with other people or organisations that are not directly linked to us except under the following circumstances:

We may share your data with other organisations that provide services on our behalf such as dealing with online payments and other forms of payment processing, ie credit card transactions and preventing fraud.

We may also share your data with our advertising partners, as set out in the section about Online Advertising below.

We may reveal your personal data to any law enforcement agency, court, regulator, government authority or other organisation if we are required to do so to meet a legal or regulatory obligation, or otherwise to protect our rights or the rights of anyone else.

We may reveal your personal data to any other organisation that buys, or to which we transfer all, or substantially all, of our assets and business.
If this sale or transfer takes place, we will use reasonable efforts to try to make sure that the organisation we transfer your personal data to uses it in line with our privacy policy.


Any organisations which access your data in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by strict contractual restrictions to make sure that they protect your data and keep to all data privacy laws that apply.
We may also independently audit these service providers to make sure that they meet our standards.

We will not share your personal data with anyone else for their own marketing purposes unless we have your permission to do this.

Some of our webpages use social plug-ins from other organisations (such as the “Facebook Recommend” function, Twitter’s retweet function, Google+ function).
These other organisations may receive and use personal data about your visit to our sites or apps.
If you browse our site or view content on our apps, information they collect may be connected to your account on their site.
For more information on how these organisations use personal data, please read their privacy policies.

International data transfers
Data we collect may be transferred to, stored and processed in any country or territory where one or more of our Guardian group companies or service providers are based or have facilities.
While other countries or territories may not have the same standards of data protection as those in your home country, we will continue to protect personal data that we transfer in line with this privacy policy.

Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the European Economic Area (EEA), we ensure similar protection and put in place at least one of these safeguards:

We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been found to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data.

We may also use specific approved contracts with our service providers that are based in countries outside the EEA.
These contracts give your personal data the same protection it has in the EEA .

Where we use service providers in the United States, we may transfer personal data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield scheme, which requires them to provide a similar level of protection of your personal data to what is required in the EEA.


If you are located in the EEA, you may contact us for a copy of the safeguards which we have put in place for the transfer of your personal data outside the EEA.

How long we keep your personal data
We keep your personal data for only as long as we need to.
How long we need you personal data depends on what we are using it for, as set out in this privacy policy.
For example, we may need to use it to answer your queries about a product or service and as a result may keep personal data while you are still using our product or services.
We may also need to keep your personal data for accounting purposes, for example, where you have bought a subscription.
If we no longer need your data, we will delete it or make it anonymous by removing all details that identify you.
If we have asked for your permission to process your personal data and we have no other lawful grounds to continue with that processing, and you withdraw your permission, we will delete your personal data.
However, when you unsubscribe from marketing communications, we will keep your email address to ensure that we do not send you any marketing in future.

How we may contact you

Service communications


From time to time we may send you service emails, for example, telling you your subscription is coming to an end or thanking you when you contribute or place an order with us.

Marketing communications and editorial newsletters


If we have your permission, we may send you materials we think may interest you, such as new Guardian offers and updates.
Depending on your marketing preferences, this may be by email, phone, SMS or post.
We offer a range of editorial newsletters.
You can manage your subscription to these emails through your profile page when you are signed in to your Guardian account.

You can decide not to receive these emails at any time and will be able to “unsubscribe” directly by clicking a link in the email or through your email preferences in the tab “Emails and marketing” when you are signed in to your Guardian account.


Market research


Sometimes we may contact you for market research purposes, for example about a survey.
You can opt out from being contacted in this way by signing into your Guardian account and going to the tab “Emails and marketing”.

Responding to your queries or complaints


If you have raised a query or a complaint with us, we may contact you to answer your query or to resolve your complaint.
Cookies and similar technology
When you visit our sites or when you use our apps, we may collect personal data from you automatically using cookies or similar technology.
A cookie is a small file that can be placed on your device that allows us to recognise and remember you.

This privacy policy includes our cookie policy, where you can find details of our key advertising partners.

Online advertising
Advertising on our sites that is based on cookies and similar technology

We use personalised online advertising on our sites.
This allows us to deliver more relevant advertising to people who visit theguardian.com.
It works by showing you adverts that are based on your browsing patterns and the way you have interacted with our sites and apps.
It then shows you adverts which we believe may interest you.

Since the publication of the very first edition of the Manchester Guardian on 5 May 1821, our journalism has been funded in part by advertising.
Our editorial content is not influenced by the advertising we display and our journalists are free to, and often do, challenge the activities of companies and organisations that advertise and sponsor content that appears in Guardian sites and publications.

When you browse our sites or use our apps, some of the cookies and similar technology we place on your device are advertising cookies, so we can understand what sort of pages you are interested in.
We can then display advertising on your browser based on these interests.
For instance if you have been reading a lot of food and drink articles, we may show you more advertisements for food and drink.

We do not collect or use information such as your name, email address, postal address or phone number for personalised online advertising.

We may also share online data collected through cookies and similar technology with our advertising partners.
This means that when you are on another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on theguardian.com.
We may also show you advertising on theguardian.com website based on your browsing patterns on other sites that we have obtained from our advertising partners.

Online retargeting is another form of online advertising that allows us and some of our advertising partners to show you advertising based on your browsing patterns and interactions with a site away from our sites.

For example, if you have visited the website of an online clothes shop, you may start seeing adverts from that same shopping site displaying special offers or showing you the products you were browsing.
This allows companies to advertise to you if you leave their website without making a purchase.

Advertising that we place on our site or on other sites
We also use personalised online advertising to promote our own products and services.
This means that you may see advertising for our products and services on our sites (and our other platforms, such as Guardian Jobs) and when you are on other, third party websites, including social media platforms.

Your rights with regard to the personal data that we hold about you
You can contact us with regard to the following rights in relation to your personal data:

If you would like to have a copy of the personal data we hold on you or if you think that we hold incorrect personal data about you, please write to the Data Protection Officer at Guardian News &amp.
Media Limited, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1 9GU or email dataprotection@theguardian.com.
We will deal with requests for copies of your personal data or for correction of your personal data within one month.
If your request is complicated or if you have made a large number of requests, it may take us longer.
We will let you know if we need longer than one month to respond.
You will not have to pay a fee to obtain a copy of your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights).
However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.

Where you have provided us with consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw this at any time.

Where applicable, you may also have a right to receive a machine-readable copy of your personal data.

You also have the right to ask us to delete your personal data or restrict how it is used.
There may be exceptions to the right to erasure for specific legal reasons which, if applicable, we will set out for you in response to your request.
Where applicable, you have the right to object to processing of your personal data for certain purposes.

If you do not want us to use your personal data for marketing analysis, you can change your settings in the “Emails and marketing” tab of your Guardian account.


If you want to make any of these requests, please contact dataprotection@theguardian.com.

We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity.

Your California privacy rights
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, if you live in California and your business relationship with us is mainly for personal, family or household purposes, you may ask us about the information we release to other organisations for their marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please send an email to dataprotection@theguardian.com with “Request for California privacy information”in the subject line.
You may make this type of request once every calendar year.
We will email you a list of categories of personal data we revealed to other organisations for their marketing purposes in the last calendar year, along with their names and addresses.
Not all personal data shared in this way is covered by Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code.

Contact us for information about how we use your personal data
If you have any questions about how we use your personal data or if you have a concern about how your personal data is used, please contact the Data Protection Officer at Guardian News &amp.
Media Limited, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1 9GU.
Or, email dataprotection@theguardian.com.

Complaints will be dealt with by the Data Protection Manager, and will be responded to within 30 days.

If you are not satisfied with the way your concern has been handled, you can refer your complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office.

If you have a question about anything else, please see our Contact us page here.


Changes to the Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy we will post the changes here.
If the changes are significant, we may also choose to email all our registered users with the new details.
If required by law, we will get your permission or give you the opportunity to opt out of any new uses of your data.


Changes to this Privacy Policy to date

November 2004: cookie information moved to separate page.
Data Protection Commissioner changed to Information Commissioner.
legal information under the Data Protection Act added.
May 2008: principles updated to provide more detail on protections and limits on data usage and confirmation about the use of data processors.
contact details updated.

 August 2009: contact details updated, useful links updated, some headings added and a new section headed “advertising and affiliate links” added.
July 2011: Principles updated to include further information on marketing preferences, contact details, further information provided about online behavioural advertising, cookies, and the ‘Who we share data with’ section has been updated.

September 2011: Websites covered expanded to include guardiannews.com, information on use of children’s data added.
October 2011: Information on plugins and dispute resolution for Guardian News &amp.
Media LLC added.
February 2012: Additional provision included in ‘How we use your information’ to address certain data that we may collect, especially in the context of certain Apps and geographical location data.
April 2012: Information on logging onto our sites using social networking log-ins as a means of authentication.
February 2013: Applicability of policy to other websites and applications added.
May 2013: Information on mobile device advertising added.
July 2013: References to guardian.co.uk and guardiannews.com replaced with references to theguardian.com.
August 2013: Policy reviewed by the Plain English Campaign and awarded Crystal Mark.
September 2014: Policy amended to include references to Guardian Membership, name added as a mandatory field for registration.
February 2015: Policy amended to include information on data sharing between Guardian group companies in the UK, USA and Australia.
July 2015: Amendment for the personalisation of newsletters based on browsing history on theguardian.com
October 2015: Removal of references to Safe Harbor Privacy Framework.
January 2016: Policy amended to include information on profiling and how to opt-out of profiling data being shared with Guardian News &amp.
Media.
December 2016: Information on Google Analytics added, removal of children’s books information and replaced with Young Critics’ information.

March 2017: updated information on the use of Nielsen software on our sites.

May 2017: updated information on the use of anonymous information for online advertising

February 2018: updated information on marketing preferences and use of children’s data
May 2018: updated to reflect changes resulting from the General Data Protection Regulation.
 Topics 
 Privacy 


 help 


 Share on Facebook 
 Share on Twitter 
 Share via Email 
 Share on LinkedIn 
 Share on Pinterest 
 Share on Google+ 
 Share on WhatsApp 
 Share on Messenger 


 Reuse this content 

