 wikiHow:Cookie Policy What are cookies? Cookies are small text files containing a string of characters that can be placed on your computer or mobile device that uniquely identify your browser or device.
What are cookies used for?

Cookies allow a site or services to know if your computer or device has visited that site or service before.
Cookies can then be used to help understand how the site or service is being used, help you navigate between pages efficiently, help remember your preferences, and generally improve your browsing experience.
Cookies can also help ensure marketing you see online is more relevant to you and your interests. What types of cookies does wikiHow use? There are generally four categories of cookies: “Strictly Necessary,” “Performance,” “Functionality,” and “Targeting.” wikiHow routinely uses all four categories of cookies on the Service.
You can find out more about each cookie category below.

Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are essential, as they enable you to move around the Service and use its features, such as accessing logged in or secure areas.
Performance Cookies.
These cookies collect information about how you have used the Service, for example, information related to the unique username you have provided, so that less strain is placed on our backend infrastructure.
These cookies may also be used to allow us to know that you have logged in so that we can serve you fresher content than a user who has never logged in.
We also use cookies to track aggregate Service usage and experiment with new features and changes on the Service.
The information collected is used to improve how the Service works.
Functionality Cookies.
These cookies allow us to remember how you’re logged in, whether you made an edit to an article on the Service while logged out, when you logged in or out, the state or history of Service tools you’ve used.
These cookies also allow us to tailor the Service to provide enhanced features and content for you and to remember how you’ve customized the Service in other ways, such as customizing the toolbars we offer in the right column of every page.
The information these cookies collect may be anonymous, and they are not used to track your browsing activity on other sites or services.
Targeting Cookies.
wikiHow, our advertising partners or other third party partners may use these types of cookies to deliver advertising that is relevant to your interests.
These cookies can remember that your device has visited a site or service, and may also be able to track your device’s browsing activity on other sites or services other than wikiHow.
This information may be shared with organizations outside wikiHow, such as advertisers and/or advertising networks to deliver the advertising, and to help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign, or other business partners for the purpose of providing aggregate Service usage statistics and aggregate Service testing.
 First-party cookies First-party cookies are cookies that belong to wikiHow.
These cookies are used to enable features on wikiHow, such as logging in to the Service, and allowing access to secured tools or pages as described above. Third-party cookies Third-party cookies are cookies that another party places on your device through our Service.
Third-party cookies may be placed on your device by someone providing a service for wikiHow, for example to help us understand how our service is being used.
Third-party cookies may also be placed on your device by our business partners so that they can use them to advertise products and services to you elsewhere on the Internet.
Third-party cookies on wikiHow include the following:


Google analytics - Google analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how visitors to wikiHow use our website.
Google analytics does not receive information from wikiHow related to your user name, and your IP address is truncated by Google analytics.
Data in Google analytics can only be viewed in aggregated fashion, and cannot be tied to individual users.
Learn more Google Analytics and privacy from https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
You can opt out of Google Analytics tracking via https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

Google AdSense and DoubleClick - Google AdSense and DoubleClick use cookies to serve advertising on some pages of the wikiHow Service.
These cookies are be used to customize the advertisements that you see to provide ads that are relevant to you.
Visitors in some locations may see ads that are based solely on the content of the page, and that are not based upon any personalized information.
Learn more about advertising cookies at https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads.
 How long will cookies stay on my device? The length of time a cookie will stay on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a “persistent” or “session” cookie.
Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing.
Persistent cookies stay on your computer or mobile device until they expire or are deleted. How to control and delete cookies If you want to delete cookies follow the instructions at: How to Clear Your Browser's Cookies.
If you wish to disable your browser from receiving cookies follow the instructions at How to Disable Cookies.
Note that if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain parts of our Service and other parts of our Service may not work properly.
You can find out more information cookie settings at third-party information sites, such as https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies.   wikiHow:Privacy Policy
Welcome to wikiHow, the online and mobile service (“Service”) of wikiHow, Inc.
(“wikiHow,” “we,” or “us”).
Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect information that applies to our Service, and your choices about the collection and use of your information.

Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our Terms of Use. How We Collect and Use Information We collect the following types of information about you:

Information you provide us directly:
We ask for certain information such as your username, real name, birthdate, address, phone number and e-mail address when you register for a wikiHow account, or if you correspond with us.
We may also retain any messages you send through the Service, and may collect information you provide in User Content you post to the Service.
We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service.
Your username and if you choose to disclose it, your real name, will be published publicly.
Once published, your username and / or real name may not be able to be removed entirely from the Service.

Information we may receive from third parties:
We may receive information about you from third parties.
For example, if you access our websites or Service through a third-party connection or log-in, for example, through Facebook Connect, by “following,” “liking,” adding the wikiHow application, linking your account to the wikiHow Service, etc., that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service to wikiHow.
This information could include, but is not limited to, the user ID associated with your account (for example, your Facebook UID), an access token necessary to access that service, any information that you have permitted the third party to share with us, and any information you have made public in connection with that service.
If you allow us access to your friends list, your friends’ user IDs, and your connection to those friends, may be used and stored to make your experience more social, and to allow you to invite your friends to use our Service as well as provide you with updates if and when your friends join wikiHow.
You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the wikiHow Service.
You may also unlink your third party account from the Service by adjusting your settings on the third party service.

Inviting a friend to use wikiHow:
wikiHow may, in its sole discretion, develop a feature that allows you to invite third parties to the Service.
If you choose to use our invitation service to invite a third party to the Service through our “Invite friends” feature, you may directly choose a friend to invite through your mobile device’s native contact list – but we do not require that you import your contacts list to the Service, and we do not retain the information contained in your contacts list.
You understand that by inviting a friend to wikiHow through the “Invite friends” feature, you are directly sending a text or email from your personal accounts and that we are not storing your contact list.
In addition, you understand and agree that normal carrier charges apply to communications sent from you phone.
Since this invitation is coming directly from your email or phone, we do not have access to or control this communication.



Finding your friends on the Service:
wikiHow may, in its sole discretion, develop a feature that allows you to locate your friends with wikiHow accounts through a “Find friends” feature.
The “Find friends” feature allows you to choose to locate friends either through (i) your contact list, (ii) social media sites (such as Twitter or Facebook) or (iii) through a search of names and usernames on wikiHow.
If you choose to find your friends through your contact list, then you agree to provide wikiHow access to your contact list such that we can perform the search necessary to determine whether or not someone associated with the information you provide is using wikiHow.
If you choose to find your friends through social media sites, then you understand that the information these sites provide to use to conduct this type of search is governed by their privacy policies and your account settings on those sites.
If you choose to find your friends through a search of names or usernames, then simply type a name to search and see if that name or username appears on our Service.
Note that we do not retain any information contained in your contacts list, or information from social media sites about your contacts, and we do not use such information for any purpose other than to help you find your friends on wikiHow.

Analytics information:
We may directly collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools and services, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service.
These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit and other information that assists us in improving the Service.
We collect and use this analytics information in aggregate form such that it cannot reasonably be manipulated to identify any particular individual user.



Cookies information:
Full details can be found on our Cookie Policy.
When you visit the Service, we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets wikiHow help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site.
A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on the Service), and allow us or our business partners to track your usage of the Service over time.
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser.
Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site.
Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions.
A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser.
You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Full details can be found on our Cookie Policy.



Log file information:
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser or mobile device each time you access the Service.
When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information.
These server logs may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.

Clear gifs/web beacons information:
When you use the Service, we may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our Users.
In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients.
The information is allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.

Device identifiers:
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device (including but not limited to smart-phones or tablets), we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store one or more “device identifiers,” such as a universally unique identifier (“UUID”).
Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device.
A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device’s operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by wikiHow.
A device identifier may convey information to us about how you browse and use the Service.
A device identifier may remain persistently on your device, to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Service.
Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.

Location data:
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store “location data,” which may include GPS coordinates (e.g.
latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.
Location data may convey to us information about how you browse and use the Service.
Some features of the Service, particularly location-based services, may not function properly if use or availability of location data is impaired or disabled.

Commercial and marketing communications:
We use the information we collect or receive, such as your email address, to communicate directly with you.
We may send you emails containing newsletters, promotions, and special offers.
If you do not want to receive such email messages, you will be given the option to opt out or change your preferences.
Where required, we may request that you consent (opt-in) to receiving such materials before we start sending them.
We also use your information to send you Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).
You may not opt out of Service-related emails.
You may also be able to be “found” on wikiHow based on information that you provide (see “Find friends on wikiHow”) above.

Use of certain service type information we collect about you:
We use or may use cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and clear gifs information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site.
(b) provide custom, personalized content and information.
(c) to provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service.
(d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns.
(e) diagnose or fix technology problems.
(f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in.
(g) to provide advertising to your browser or device, and (h) automatically update the wikiHow application on your mobile devices. Sharing of Your Information We will not rent or sell your information into third parties outside wikiHow and its group companies (including any parent, subsidiaries and affiliates) without your consent, except as noted below:

Who we may share your information with: We may share your information with third-party business partners and Trusted Users for the purpose of providing the Service to you.
Third party business partners will be given limited access to your information as is reasonably necessary to deliver the Service, and we will require that such third parties comply with this Privacy Policy, or operate under a similar privacy policy.
Please see further below regarding third party ads services that we may use of the Service.
Who can see User Content: Any User Content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service becomes available to the public and cannot be removed, except by wikiHow in its sole discretion.
Once posted on wikiHow, User Content may not be removable from public view, as copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, on other sites that have republished us, or if other Users have copied or saved that information.
If you do not wish your User Content to be available to the public, please don’t post it on wikiHow.
Your username and if you choose to disclose it, your real name, will be published publicly.
Once published your username and / or real name may not be able to be removed.
Who can see your IP address: If you post User Content on the Service while not logged in, your IP address will be published with your User Content in order to attribute your contribution to the Service.
A selection of Trusted Users with administrative powers on wikiHow have the ability to review IP addresses of users to reduce abusive behavior.
Any third party service embedded on wikiHow such as an advertiser, video provider, social network or other third party will also have access to your IP address.
Who can see your email address: If you enter an email address, you will enable communication from wikiHow and other Users.
If you reply to users or participate in group wikiHow activities such as meetups, your email address will be shared with these users.
In addition, some email addresses such as blocked@wikiHow.com forward to a group of Trusted Users, who will use your email address to reply to the email.



What happens in the event of a change of control:


We may buy or sell/divest/transfer the company (including any shares in the company), or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses.
Your information such as customer names and email addresses, User Content and other user information related to the Service may be among the items sold or otherwise transferred in these types of transactions.
We may also sell, assign or otherwise transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, reorganizations, liquidations, similar transactions or proceedings involving all or a portion of the company.


Instances where we are required to share your information:


wikiHow will disclose your information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement.
(b) to enforce our Terms of Use or to protect the security, quality or integrity of our Service.
and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of wikiHow, our Users, or others.


Sharing certain service type information we collect about you:


We may share certain service type information, including information obtained through tools such as cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and clear gifs (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.): (i) with our third-party business partners for the purposes described in the section above on “How We Collect and Use Information.” We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, anonymized data with third parties.


Ads on wikiHow:


We may also share certain information such as your location, browser, cookie data, and other data relating to your use of our Service with our business partners to deliver advertisements (“ads”) that may be of interest to you.
wikiHow may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Service.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser or mobile device, the ads and ad links that appear on the Service, and will automatically receive your IP address when they do so.
They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, device identifiers, location data, and clear gifs, see above) to compile information about your browser’s or device’s visits and usage patterns on the Service and on other websites, and to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize the advertising content delivered to you.

For example, Google uses DART cookies in order to deliver ads to you through the Service.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to the Service and previous websites that you may have visited.
Other advertising networks also use similar cookies, clear gifs, or other mechanisms to deliver targeted advertising to you through the Service.
You can delete these cookies by following the instructions here.
You may opt out of use of Google’s DART cookie and cookies placed by Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) certified ad networks here.
Opting out of these cookies will be effective not only on the Service, but on all websites with NAI certified advertising networks.
However, these opt-outs will be ineffective on networks that are not NAI certified.



Please note that an advertiser may ask wikiHow to show an ad to a certain audience of Users (e.g., based on demographics or other interests).
In that situation, wikiHow or our Partners determines the target audience and wikiHow serves the advertising to that audience and only provides anonymous data to the advertiser.
If you respond to such an ad, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach.



To enhance your user experience or help us improve and measure our effectiveness, wikiHow may embed code from third parties on the Service.
Examples of such parties may include Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Google, YouTube, Howcast, VideoJug, AOL, and others.
These third parties may collect information about you including IP address, cookies in ways wikiHow does not control.



The wikiHow Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of third-parties.
Please consult the respective privacy policies of such third parties or contact such third parties for more information. How We Store and Protect Your Information Storage and Processing:
Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which wikiHow or its subsidiaries, affiliates, or service providers maintain facilities.
wikiHow may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S.
law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S.
or any other country in which wikiHow or its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.

Keeping your information safe:
wikiHow cares about the security of your information, and uses commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through the Service.
To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account.
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from wikiHow, at all times.
However, wikiHow cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to wikiHow or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of third party sites and services that you add to the wikiHow Service, such as social networks.
wikiHow is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party.

Compromise of information:
In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, wikiHow will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations. Your Choices about Your Information You control your account information and settings: You may update your account information and email communication preferences at any time by logging in to your account and changing your profile settings.
You can also stop receiving promotional email communications from us by modifying your preferences.

We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests.
As noted above, you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).
If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information, you can contact us directly at wiki@wikiHow.com.

Opting out of collection of your information for Tracking / Advertising:
Please refer to your mobile device or browser’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools.
Depending on your type of device, it may not be possible to delete or disable tracking mechanisms on your mobile device.
Note that disabling cookies and/or other tracking tools prevents wikiHow or its business partners from tracking your browser’s activities in relation to the Service, and for use in targeted advertising activities by third parties.
However, doing so may disable many of the features available through the Service.
If you have any questions about opting out of the collection of cookies and other tracking/recording tools, you can contact us directly at wiki@wikiHow.com.

How long we keep your private profile information:
Following termination of your User account, wikiHow may retain your private profile information for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, or audit purposes.
For the avoidance of doubt, any information that you choose to make public on the service may not be removable.



 Children’s Privacy wikiHow does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register as Users.
The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13.
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at wiki@wikiHow.com. Links to Other Websites and Services We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Service, including the information or content contained therein.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services.
Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link or advertisement on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies.
In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and we do not control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content.
If you are using a third-party website or service (like Facebook, Google groups, or an IRC chatroom) and you allow such a third-party access to you User Content you do so at your own risk.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources other than through the Service. EU Privacy Rights For the purposes of the processing of personal data of individuals in the European Union (“EU”), we rely on the following lawful basis for the processing of your personal data:

(a) Our legitimate interests in (among other things) delivering the Services, conducting commercial research, improving and maintaining the Services, personalising and tailoring content made available to you through the Service, protecting the security or integrity of our databases, protecting our business or reputation, taking precautions against legal liability, dealing with our assets in the event of a business change (see further below), protecting and defending our legal rights or property, or for resolving disputes, investigating and attending to inquiries or complaints with respect to your use of the Services;
(b) Where relevant, your express consent.
If you provide us with personal information relating to you and give your consent for using it;
(c) Where relevant, the fulfilment of our contractual obligations to you under our terms and conditions of service.
and
(d) Where relevant, for compliance with legal obligations to which we are subject.



Users based in the European Union have the following legal rights in respect of their information:


(a) The right to require us to confirm whether or not your information is being processed, the purpose of any such processing, the recipients of any information that has been disclosed, the period for which your information is to be stored and whether any automated decision-making processes are used in relation to their information;

(b) The right to require us to rectify inaccurate information without undue delay;

(c) Where we relied on the ‘consent’ basis for processing that information, the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
This right to withdraw consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal;

(d) The right to request the erasure of your information.
Subject to certain conditions, you can make a request for erasure where:
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(i) the information is no longer necessary in relation to the purpose for which it was collected;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(ii) the processing of the information is based on your consent (and the other circumstances described in the ‘Legal Basis for Processing Your information’ and ‘How We May Share Your information’ sections above no longer apply), if you withdraw your consent.
or
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(iii) where the personal data is processed by us solely on the basis of our ‘legitimate interest’ referred to above (and the other legal basis set out above do not apply), if you object to the processing of your personal data and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing (such as, for example, where the processing of the data is required to meet statutory obligations or for the defence of legal claims).


Where we disclosed your information to a third party and you request the erasure or rectification of the data, we will take all reasonable steps to inform the third party of such request;

(e) The right to require us to restrict the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances, such as where the accuracy of that data is disputed or an objection has been raised.
In such circumstances, we will only process that information with you express consent, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest;
(f) Where data is processed based on your consent or to fulfil a contractual obligation, under certain conditions you may have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format;
(g) The right to object to the processing of personal data where:
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(i) we rely solely on the ‘legitimate interest’ basis for processing that data, in which case we may be legally required to stop processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your privacy rights and interests.
or
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(ii) the information is used for direct marketing purposes, in which case we will immediately stop processing your information for such purposes;
(h) You have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority of the EU member state where you reside.



Please note that the above legal rights are subject to various conditions and exceptions including where the data is used for statistical or scientific research purposes and the exercise of the right would prevent such purposes from being attained or would seriously impair their attainment. California Privacy Rights Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, if you are a California resident and your business relationship with us is primarily for personal, family or household purposes, you may request certain data regarding our disclosure, if any, of information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@Company.com with "Request for California Privacy information" in the subject line.
You may make such a request up to once per calendar year.
If applicable, we will provide to you via email a list of the categories of information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately-preceding calendar year, along with the third parties' names and addresses.
Please note that not all personal data sharing is covered by Section 1798.83's requirements. Application This Privacy Policy relates to your personal data, meaning data about you, an individual, from which you can be identified.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any data insofar as it is held, processed, disclosed or published in a form which cannot be linked to a living individual (such as anonymised data, or aggregated data which cannot directly or indirectly be used to extract your personal data).
We reserve the right to generate anonymised and aggregated data extracted out of any databases containing your personal data and to make use of any such anonymised and aggregated data as we see fit (including publishing such data and sharing it with third parties).



 How to Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact us at wiki@wikiHow.com. General Questions and Help 
Please contact Chris Hadley

Email wiki@wikiHow.com

Call 650-492-8008
Advertisers please contact: ads@wikiHow.com



 Snail Mail wikiHow, Inc.
530 Lytton Avenue, 2nd Floor
Palo Alto, CA 94301 Press Inquiries 
Email media@wikiHow.com

Call 650-492-8008
 Community Liaison 
Please contact Anna

Email anna@wikiHow.com

Call 650-492-8008





 Changes to Our Privacy Policy wikiHow may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices, and so you should review this page periodically.
When we change the policy in a material manner we will let you know and update the ‘last modified’ date at the bottom of this page.

This privacy policy was last modified on May 25, 2018.   wikiHow:Terms of Use
At wikiHow, our mission is to empower every person on the planet to learn how to do anything.
We do this by collaborating to create the world’s most helpful instructions.
Before you read our detailed, legally binding Terms of Use, here is a non-legalese summary of some key information about reading or contributing to wikiHow:

You continue to own the copyrights of the content you submit to wikiHow.
That said, by posting your content on wikiHow you give us multiple rights to use and change it (see “User Content License Grants” below for details).
Our editor community (as opposed to the lawyers who wrote the terms of service below) have developed many policies about what we want and don’t want on wikiHow.
You can read details about the writing we do want at our Writer's Guide and what we don’t want at our Deletion Policy.
We license all User Content text on wikiHow under a Creative Commons license.
Read more here.
If you want to republish wikiHow content under the terms of this license please follow our attribution guidelines.
We release most of our software under an Open Source license.
You can learn more and get a copy of the code here.
Our goal is to build the world’s most helpful how-to instructions, but we don’t always meet that goal.
Occasionally our articles are incomplete, unhelpful, misleading or incorrect, and we cannot guarantee the accuracy of anything you find on wikiHow.
You should use your best judgment and consult multiple sources when following any instructions you read anywhere on the internet, including wikiHow.
We value your privacy.
Read more at our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
If you would like to have your wikiHow account and all personal data deleted from our site, we will he happy to do so.
Just email wiki@wikiHow.com with the subject line "Account deletion request" and provide your wikiHow user name.
If you have a question, concern or just want to offer a note of thanks, you can email us at wiki@wikiHow.com.

Please see below for our official Terms of Use.
We encourage you to read them carefully.
Thank you for using and contributing to wikiHow.
We appreciate your support in promoting our goal of sharing information freely around the world.









 Introduction Welcome to wikiHow, the website, mobile, and online services of wikiHow, Inc.
(“wikiHow,” “we,” or “us”).
This page explains the terms by which you may use our online and/or mobile services, website, and software provided on or in connection with the service (collectively the “Service”).
By accessing or using the Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”) and to the collection and use of your information as set forth in the wikiHow Privacy Policy, whether or not you are a registered user of our Service.
This Agreement applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (“Users”).



PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY TO ENSURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND EACH PROVISION.
THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A MANDATORY ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES PROVISION THAT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS.



 Use of Our Service wikiHow provides a place for users to learn how to do things and to share how-to knowledge with others.
Our goal is to create the world’s most helpful instructions, thus empowering every person on the planet to learn how to do anything.
We appreciate your valuable contributions to the Service.

A.
Eligibility.

You may use the Service only if you can form a binding contract with wikiHow, and only in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations.
The Service is not available to any Users previously removed from the Service by wikiHow.
Any use of the Service by anyone under 13 is strictly prohibited and in violation of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a child under the age of 13 may use the site if we receive a signed permission form from the child’s parent or legal guardian.
The permission form can be found here.

B.
wikiHow Service.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, freely revocable license to use the Service as permitted by the features of the Service.
wikiHow may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason.
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, wikiHow further grants to each User of the Service, a license to use any or all text contained in any article found on the Service in accordance with the terms of the Creative Commons CC BY-NC-SA 3.0 License.
Under this license, you may freely use, copy, and distribute such text for non-commercial purposes so long as you follow our attribution requirements.
Please carefully read the full terms and conditions here.
wikiHow reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Service and the wikiHow Content (as defined below).

C.
wikiHow Accounts.

Your wikiHow account gives you access to the services and functionality that we may establish and maintain from time to time and in our sole discretion.
If you open a wikiHow account on behalf of a company, organization, or other entity, then (a) “you” includes you and that entity, and (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the entity with the authority to bind the entity to this Agreement, and that you agree to this Agreement on the entity’s behalf.
By connecting to wikiHow with a third-party service, you give us permission to access and use your information from that service as permitted by that service, and to store your log-in credentials for that service.

You may never use another User’s account without permission.
You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure.
We encourage you to use “strong” passwords (passwords that use a combination of upper and lower case letters, numbers and symbols) with your account.
You must notify wikiHow immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
wikiHow will not be liable for any losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account.

You may control your User profile and how you interact with the Service by changing the settings in your Preferences.
By providing wikiHow your email address you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail.
We may also use your email address to send you other messages, such as changes to features of the Service and special offers.
If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out or change your preferences in your Preferences.
Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, or offers.

D.
Service Rules.

You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities: (i) transmitting spam, chain letters, or other unsolicited email.
(ii) attempting to interfere with, compromise the system integrity or security or decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Service.
(iii) taking any action that imposes, or may impose at our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure.
(iv) uploading invalid data, viruses, worms, or other software agents through the Service.
(v) collecting or harvesting any personally identifiable information, including account names from the Service.
(vii) impersonating another person or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity, conducting fraud.
(viii) interfering with the proper working of the Service.
(ix) accessing any content on the Service through any technology or means other than those provided or authorized by the Service.
or (x) bypassing the measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service, including without limitation features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Service or the content therein.

If you operate a search engine or robot, or if you republish a significant fraction of all wikiHow Content (as we may determine in our reasonable discretion), you must follow these rules:

You must use a descriptive user agent header;
You must provide prominent attribution to wikiHow;
You must follow robots.txt at all times.
and
You must make it clear how to contact you, either in your user agent string, or on your website if you have one.

We may, without prior notice, change the Service.
stop providing the Service or features of the Service, to you or to users generally.
or create usage limits for the Service.
We may permanently or temporarily terminate or suspend your access to the Service without notice and liability for any reason, including if in our sole determination you violate any provision of this Agreement, or for no reason.
Upon termination for any reason or no reason, you continue to be bound by this Agreement.

You are solely responsible for your interactions with other wikiHow Users.
We reserve the right but have no obligation to monitor disputes between you and other Users.
wikiHow shall have no liability for your interactions with other Users, or for any User’s action or inaction. Trusted Users wikiHow may provide certain Users with administrative privileges in order to monitor or provide certain aspects of the Service (“Trusted Users”).
These privileges may include, without limitation, the ability to remove User Content provided by other Users or monitor other Users’ use of the Service.
For the avoidance of doubt, wikiHow Trusted Users include, but are not limited to, “Admins” (aka SysOps or Administrators) and “New Article Boosters”.
You acknowledge that wikiHow may revoke your status as a Trusted User at any time for any reason or no reason, and may require you to enter into further agreements with wikiHow depending on your role.

If you are a Trusted User, you acknowledge that you may have access to the personal information of other Users, and you represent and warrant that you will handle that information in accordance with the wikiHow Privacy Policy and the confidentiality obligations contained herein.
You further acknowledge that you may have access to wikiHow Confidential Information (as defined below), and you represent and warrant, at all times you are serving as a Trusted User and thereafter, to hold in strictest confidence, and not to use, except for the benefit of wikiHow to the extent necessary to perform authorized services on behalf of wikiHow, and not to disclose to any person, firm, corporation or other entity, without written authorization from wikiHow in each instance, any wikiHow Confidential Information that you obtain from wikiHow or otherwise obtain, access or create in connection with, or as a result of, your relationship with wikiHow or your performance of any services as a Trusted User, until such wikiHow Confidential Information becomes publicly and widely known and made generally available through no wrongful act of you or of others who were under confidentiality obligations as to the item or items involved.
You further agree not to make copies of such wikiHow Confidential Information, except as expressly authorized by wikiHow and to return to wikiHow or delete any copies or materials containing wikiHow Confidential Information upon wikiHow’s request.

You understand that “wikiHow Confidential Information” means information and physical material not generally known or available outside wikiHow, and information and physical material entrusted to wikiHow in confidence by third parties.
wikiHow Confidential Information includes, without limitation: technical data, analytical data, User Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, any personal information relating to Users, software codes and designs, algorithms, non-public business information, and any other non-public information to which you gain access while serving as a Trusted User. User Content The Service allows Users to post content such as profile information, instructional and informational materials, photographs, images, comments, questions, and other content or information (any such materials a User submits, posts, displays, or otherwise makes available on the Service “User Content”).
We claim no ownership rights over User Content created by you.
The User Content you create remains yours.
however, by sharing User Content through the Service, you agree to allow others to view, edit, and/or share your User Content in accordance with this Agreement (see “User Content License Grants” below).
wikiHow has the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to remove any User Content that is shared via the Service.

You agree not to post User Content that: (i) may create a risk of harm, loss, physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death, disability, disfigurement, or physical or mental illness to you, to any other person, or to any animal.
(ii) may create a risk of any other loss or damage to any person or property.
(iii) seeks to harm or exploit children by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable details or otherwise.
(iv) may constitute or contribute to a crime or tort.
(v) contains any information or content that we deem to be unlawful, harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, defamatory, infringing, invasive of personal privacy or publicity rights, harassing, humiliating to other people (publicly or otherwise), libelous, threatening, profane, obscene, or otherwise objectionable.
(vi) contains any information or content that is illegal (including, without limitation, the disclosure of insider information under securities law or of another party’s trade secrets).
(vii) contains any information or content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships.
or (viii) contains any information or content that you know is not correct and current.
You agree that any User Content that you post does not and will not violate third-party rights of any kind, including without limitation any Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below) or rights of privacy.
wikiHow reserves the right, but is not obligated, to reject and/or remove any User Content that wikiHow believes, in its sole discretion, violates these provisions or is otherwise inappropriate for the Service.
You understand that publishing your User Content on the Service is not a substitute for registering it with the U.S.
Copyright Office, the Writer’s Guild of America, or any other rights organization.

For the purposes of this Agreement, “Intellectual Property Rights” means all patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, under the laws of any state, country, territory, or other jurisdiction.

In connection with your User Content, you affirm, represent, and warrant the following:

A.
You have the written consent of each and every identifiable natural person in the User Content to use such person’s name or likeness in the manner contemplated by the Service and this Agreement, and each such person has released you from any liability that may arise in relation to such use.

B.
Your User Content and wikiHow’s use thereof as contemplated by this Agreement and the Service will not violate any law or infringe any rights of any third party, including but not limited to any Intellectual Property Rights and privacy rights.

C.
wikiHow may exercise the rights to your User Content granted under this Agreement without liability for payment of any guild fees, residuals, payments, fees, or royalties payable under any collective bargaining agreement or otherwise.

D.
To the best of your knowledge, all of your User Content and other information that you provide to us is truthful and accurate.

wikiHow takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content that you or any other User or third party posts or sends over the Service.
You shall be solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing it, and you agree that we are only acting as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of your User Content.
You understand and agree that you may be exposed to User Content that is inaccurate, objectionable, inappropriate for children, or otherwise unsuited to your purpose, and you agree that wikiHow shall not be liable for any damages you allege to incur as a result of User Content. User Content License Grants A.
License Grant to wikiHow.

By posting any User Content on the Service, you expressly grant, represent, and warrant that you have all rights necessary to grant to wikiHow a royalty-free, sublicensable, assignable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, list information regarding, edit, translate, distribute, syndicate, publicly perform, publicly display, and make derivative works of all such User Content and your name, voice, and/or likeness as contained in your User Content, in whole or in part, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, for use in connection with the Service and wikiHow’s (and its successors’ and affiliates’) business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Service (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels.
You will continue to own any User Content you post to the Service, and you are free to distribute it in any way you please, whether for commercial or non-commercial purposes.

B.
License Grants to Users



(1) Text Content.
All text posted by Users to the Service is sub-licensed by wikiHow to other Users under a Creative Commons license as provided herein.
The Creative Commons license allows such text content be used freely for non-commercial purposes, so long as it is used and attributed to the original author as specified under the terms of the license.
Allowing free republication of our articles helps wikiHow achieve its mission by providing instruction on solving the problems of everyday life to more people for free.
In order to support this goal, wikiHow hereby grants each User of the Service a license to all text content that Users contribute to the Service under the terms and conditions of a Creative Commons CC BY-NC-SA 3.0 License.
Please be sure to read the terms of the license carefully.
You continue to own all right, title, and interest in and to your User Content, and you are free to distribute it as you wish, whether for commercial or non-commercial purposes.

(2) Image Content.
When you upload images to the Service, you may select among various licenses under which wikiHow may distribute and sublicense your image-based User Content.
wikiHow hereby grants to Users of the Service all rights specified under the terms of the license under which any image-based User Content is licensed to wikiHow. Mobile Software A.
Mobile Software.

We may make available software to access the Service via a mobile device (“Mobile Software”).
To use the Mobile Software you must have a mobile device that is compatible with the Mobile Service.
wikiHow does not warrant that the Mobile Software will be compatible with your mobile device.
wikiHow hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use a compiled code copy of the Mobile Software for one wikiHow account on one mobile device owned or leased solely by you, for your personal use.
Frequently, wikiHow releases mobile software under an open source license.
The particular terms of the license governing your use of the software will be displayed to you prior to downloading the software.
By downloading and using the software, you agree to the terms of any applicable license.
You acknowledge that wikiHow may from time to time issue upgraded versions of the Mobile Software, and may automatically electronically upgrade the version of the Mobile Software that you are using on your mobile device.
You consent to such automatic upgrading on your mobile device, and agree that the terms and conditions of this Agreement will apply to all such upgrades.
Any third-party code that may be incorporated in the Mobile Software is covered by the applicable open source or third-party license EULA, if any, authorizing use of such code.
The foregoing license grant is not a sale of the Mobile Software or any copy thereof, and wikiHow or its third party partners or suppliers retain all right, title, and interest in the Mobile Software (and any copy thereof).
Any attempt by you to transfer any of the rights, duties or obligations hereunder, except as expressly provided for in this Agreement, is void.
wikiHow reserves all rights not expressly granted under this Agreement or the open source licenses associated with the software.
If the Mobile Software is being acquired on behalf of the United States Government, then the following provision applies.
Use, duplication, or disclosure of the Mobile Software by the U.S.
Government is subject to restrictions set forth in this Agreement and as provided in DFARS 227.7202-1(a) and 227.7202-3(a) (1995), DFARS 252.227-7013(c)(1)(ii) (OCT 1988), FAR 12.212(a) (1995), FAR 52.227-19, or FAR 52.227-14 (ALT III), as applicable.
The Mobile Software originates in the United States, and is subject to United States export laws and regulations.
The Mobile Software may not be exported or re-exported to certain countries or those persons or entities prohibited from receiving exports from the United States.
In addition, the Mobile Software may be subject to the import and export laws of other countries.
You agree to comply with all United States and foreign laws related to use of the Mobile Software and the wikiHow Service.

B.
Mobile Software from iTunes.

The following applies to any Mobile Software you acquire from the iTunes Store (“iTunes-Sourced Software”): You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is solely between you and wikiHow, not Apple, and that Apple has no responsibility for the iTunes-Sourced Software or content thereof.
Your use of the iTunes-Sourced Software must comply with the App Store Terms of Service.
You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the iTunes-Sourced Software.
In the event of any failure of the iTunes-Sourced Software to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the iTunes-Sourced Software to you.
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the iTunes-Sourced Software, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be solely governed by this Agreement and any law applicable to wikiHow as provider of the software.
You acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to the iTunes-Sourced Software or your possession and/or use of the iTunes-Sourced Software, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims.
(ii) any claim that the iTunes-Sourced Software fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement.
and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
and all such claims are governed solely by this Agreement and any law applicable to wikiHow as provider of the software.
You acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the iTunes-Sourced Software or your possession and use of that iTunes-Sourced Software infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, wikiHow, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by this Agreement.
You and wikiHow acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement as relates to your license of the iTunes-Sourced Software, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement as relates to your license of the iTunes-Sourced Software against you as a third party beneficiary thereof. Our Proprietary Rights Except for your User Content, any User contributed article text, or as expressly provided herein, the Service and all materials therein or transferred thereby, including, without limitation, software, images, graphics, illustrations, text, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, music, and User Content belonging to other Users (the “wikiHow Content”), and all Intellectual Property Rights related thereto, are the exclusive property of wikiHow and its licensors (including other Users who post User Content to the Service).
Except as explicitly provided herein, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create a license in or under any such Intellectual Property Rights, and you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from any wikiHow Content.
Use of the wikiHow Content for any purpose not expressly permitted by this Agreement is strictly prohibited.



You may choose to or we may invite you to submit comments or ideas about the Service, including without limitation about how to improve the Service or our products (“Ideas”).
By submitting any Idea, you agree that your disclosure is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and will not place wikiHow under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we are free to use the Idea without any additional compensation to you, and/or to disclose the Idea on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone.
You further acknowledge that, by acceptance of your submission, wikiHow does not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to wikiHow, or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than you. wikiHow Property Certain aspects of the Service may allow you to obtain certain reputational or status indicators (“wikiHow Property”).
You understand and agree that regardless of terminology used, wikiHow Property represents a limited license right governed solely by the terms of this Agreement and available for distribution at wikiHow’s sole discretion.
wikiHow Property is not redeemable for any sum of money or monetary value from wikiHow at any time.
You acknowledge that you do not own the account you use to access the Service, nor do you possess any rights of access or rights to data stored by or on behalf of wikiHow on wikiHow servers, including without limitation any data representing or embodying any or all of your wikiHow Property.
You agree that wikiHow has the absolute right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate wikiHow Property as it sees fit in its sole discretion, in any general or specific case, and that wikiHow will have no liability to you based on its exercise of such right.
All data on wikiHow’s servers are subject to deletion, alteration, or transfer.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANY VALUE ATTRIBUTED TO SUCH DATA BY YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY DATA, ACCOUNT HISTORY, AND ACCOUNT CONTENT RESIDING ON WIKIHOW’S SERVERS, MAY BE DELETED, ALTERED, MOVED, OR TRANSFERRED AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON IN WIKIHOW’S SOLE DISCRETION, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE AND WITH NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND.
WIKIHOW DOES NOT PROVIDE OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS, ANY VALUE, CASH OR OTHERWISE, ATTRIBUTED TO ANY DATA RESIDING ON WIKIHOW’S SERVERS. Medical Information Any medically related content, whether User Content or otherwise found on the Service, is not intended to be medical advice or instructions for medical diagnosis or treatment, and no physician-patient relationship is, or is intended to be, created.
If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or your local emergency number immediately.
The Service is not a substitute for professional medical advice, examination, diagnosis, or treatment.
You should not delay or forego seeking treatment for a medical condition or disregard professional medical advice based on any User Content or other content provided by or otherwise found on the Service.
You should always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified healthcare professional before starting or changing treatment.
The Service should not be used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent disease without supervision of a doctor or qualified healthcare provider.
The Service does not recommend or endorse any tests, physicians, products, procedures, opinions, or other information found on the Service.
The Service is not regulated by the Food and Drug Administration or any state or national medical board.
Information posted to wikiHow publicly or sent in an unsolicited message to a User is not confidential and does not establish a physician-patient relationship without the express consent of the User providing any medically related User Content.



 Legal Information User Content relating to legal issues and any other legal information appearing on the Service is not intended to be legal advice, nor is it intended to form an attorney-client relationship.
If you believe that you have a legal claim, contact an attorney licensed in your state (or country) immediately to discuss your options.
Most state bar associations have services to aid you in finding an attorney.
For example, California residents should visit [1].
The Service is provided for informational purposes only, with no assurance that the any content found on the Service is true, correct, or accurate.
No action should be taken, delayed, or deferred based on the anything found on the Service.
The Service is not a substitute for professional legal advice or a solicitation to offer legal advice regarding specific facts.
Should you ignore this warning and send specific or confidential information in a private message or post it as a comment, there is no duty to keep that information confidential or to discontinue or forego any representation adverse to your interests.
You should not delay or forego seeking legal advice or disregard professional legal advice based on anything found on the Service.
Delay in seeking such legal advice could result in waiver of any claims you may have, depending on the applicable statute(s) of limitations.
The Service is not regulated by any state or national bar association.
Information posted to wikiHow publicly or sent in an unsolicited message to a User is not confidential and does not establish attorney-client relationship without the express consent of the User. Privacy We care about the privacy of our Users.
You understand that by using the Services you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information and aggregate data as set forth in our Privacy Policy, and to have your personally identifiable information collected, used, transferred to, and processed in the United States. Security wikiHow cares about the integrity and security of your personal information.
However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
You acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk. DMCA Notice Since we respect artist and content owner rights, it is wikiHow’s policy to respond to alleged infringement notices that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (“DMCA”).

If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and is accessible via the Service, please notify wikiHow’s copyright agent as set forth in the DMCA.
For your complaint to be valid under the DMCA, you must provide the following information in writing:

1.
An electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;

2.
Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;

3.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and where it is located on the Service;

4.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit wikiHow to contact you, such as your address, telephone number, and, e-mail address;

5.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law.
and

6.
A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
The above information must be submitted to the following DMCA Agent:

Attn: DMCA Notice

wikiHow, Inc.
Address:
530 Lytton Avenue, 2nd Floor
Palo Alto, CA 94301
Telephone: (650) 492-8008
Email: wiki@wikiHow.com


UNDER FEDERAL LAW, IF YOU KNOWINGLY MISREPRESENT THAT ONLINE MATERIAL IS INFRINGING, YOU MAY BE SUBJECT TO CRIMINAL PROSECUTION FOR PERJURY AND CIVIL PENALTIES, INCLUDING MONETARY DAMAGES, COURT COSTS, AND ATTORNEYS’ FEES.

Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying wikiHow and its affiliates that your copyrighted material has been infringed.
The preceding requirements are intended to comply with wikiHow’s rights and obligations under the DMCA, including 17 U.S.C.
§512(c), but do not constitute legal advice.
It may be advisable to contact an attorney regarding your rights and obligations under the DMCA and other applicable laws.
In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, wikiHow has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances, Users who are deemed to be repeat infringers.
wikiHow may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Service and/or terminate the accounts of any Users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement. Third-Party Links The Service may contain links to third-party websites, advertisers, services, special offers, or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled by wikiHow.
wikiHow does not endorse or assume any responsibility for any such third-party sites, information, materials, products, or services.
If you access a third party website from the Service, you do so at your own risk, and you understand that this Agreement and wikiHow’s Privacy Policy do not apply to your use of such sites.
You expressly relieve wikiHow from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website, service, or content.
Additionally, your dealings with or participation in promotions of advertisers found on the Service, including payment and delivery of goods, and any other terms (such as warranties) are solely between you and such advertisers.
You agree that wikiHow shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort relating to your dealings with such advertisers.



 Indemnity You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless wikiHow and its subsidiaries, agents, licensors, managers, and other affiliated companies, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Service, including any data or content transmitted or received by you.
(ii) your violation of any term of this Agreement, including without limitation your breach of any of the representations and warranties above.
(iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any right of privacy or Intellectual Property Rights.
(iv) your violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation.
(v) any claim or damages that arise as a result of any of your User Content or any that is submitted via your account.
or (vi) any other party’s access and use of the Service with your unique username, password, or other appropriate security code. No Warranty THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.
USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM WIKIHOW OR THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WIKIHOW, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE CONTENT IS ACCURATE, RELIABLE, OR CORRECT.
THAT THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS.
THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION, UNINTERRUPTED, OR SECURE.
THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED.
OR THAT THE SERVICE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
ANY CONTENT DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DOWNLOADED AT YOUR OWN RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR MOBILE DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH DOWNLOAD OR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE.

WIKIHOW DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE WIKIHOW SERVICE OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE OR SERVICE, AND WIKIHOW WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY MONITOR ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. Limitation of Liability TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL WIKIHOW, ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS SERVICE.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WIKIHOW BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS, OR INJURY RESULTING FROM HACKING, TAMPERING, OR OTHER UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICE OR YOUR ACCOUNT OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WIKIHOW ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT.
(II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVICE.
(III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN.
(IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SERVICE.
(V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE THAT MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICE BY ANY THIRD PARTY.
(VI) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE.
AND/OR (VII) USER CONTENT OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY.
IN NO EVENT SHALL WIKIHOW, ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY CLAIMS, PROCEEDINGS, LIABILITIES, OBLIGATIONS, DAMAGES, LOSSES OR COSTS IN AN AMOUNT EXCEEDING THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO WIKIHOW HEREUNDER OR $100.00, WHICHEVER IS GREATER.

THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SECTION APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF WIKIHOW HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.

SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
THIS AGREEMENT GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.
THE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

The Service is controlled and operated from facilities in the United States.
wikiHow makes no representations that the Service is appropriate or available for use in other locations.
Those who access or use the Service from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are entirely responsible for compliance with all applicable United States and local laws and regulations, including but not limited to export and import regulations.
You may not use the Service if you are a resident of a country embargoed by the United States, or are a foreign person or entity blocked or denied by the United States government.
Unless otherwise explicitly stated, all materials found on the Service are solely directed to individuals, companies, or other entities located in the United States. Governing Law and Arbitration.
A.
Governing Law.

You agree that: (i) the Service shall be deemed solely based in California.
and (ii) the Service shall be deemed a passive one that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over wikiHow, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than California.
This Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.
You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in Santa Clara County, California for any actions for which we retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a our copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights, as set forth in the Arbitration provision below.

B.
Arbitration.

For any dispute with wikiHow, you agree to first contact us at wiki@wikiHow.com and attempt to resolve the dispute with us informally.
In the unlikely event that wikiHow has not been able to resolve a dispute it has with you after attempting to do so informally, we each agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (excluding any wikiHow claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) arising out of or in connection with or relating to this Agreement, or the breach or alleged breach thereof (collectively, “Claims”), by binding arbitration by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes then in effect for the AAA, except as provided herein.
The arbitration will be conducted in Santa Clara County, California, unless you and wikiHow agree otherwise.
Each party will be responsible for paying any AAA filing, administrative and arbitrator fees in accordance with AAA rules.
The award rendered by the arbitrator shall include costs of arbitration, reasonable attorneys’ fees and reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses, and any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Nothing in this Section shall prevent either party from seeking injunctive or other equitable relief from the courts as necessary to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation, or violation of that party’s data security, Intellectual Property Rights, or other proprietary rights.
ALL CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES’ INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, AND, UNLESS WE AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S CLAIMS.
YOU AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND WIKIHOW ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. General A.
Assignment.

This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by wikiHow without restriction.
Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof shall be null and void.

B.
Notification Procedures and Changes to the Agreement.

wikiHow may provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice, or through posting of such notice on our website, as determined by wikiHow in our sole discretion.
wikiHow reserves the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to our Users, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Agreement.
wikiHow is not responsible for any automatic filtering you or your network provider may apply to email notifications we send to the email address you provide us.
wikiHow may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Agreement from time to time, and so you should review this page periodically.
When we change the Agreement in a material manner, we will update the ‘last modified’ date on this page.
Your continued use of the Service after any such change constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Use.
If you do not agree to any of these terms or any future Terms of Use, do not use or access (or continue to access) the Service.

C.
Entire Agreement/Severability.

This Agreement, together with any amendments and any additional agreements you may enter into with wikiHow in connection with the Service, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and wikiHow concerning the Service.
If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.

D.
No Waiver.

No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and wikiHow’s failure to assert any right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

E.
Contact.

Please contact us at wiki@wikiHow.com with any questions regarding this Agreement. General Questions and Help 
Please contact Chris Hadley

Email wiki@wikiHow.com

Call 650-492-8008
Advertisers please contact: ads@wikiHow.com



 Snail Mail wikiHow, Inc.
530 Lytton Avenue, 2nd Floor
Palo Alto, CA 94301 Press Inquiries 
Email media@wikiHow.com

Call 650-492-8008
 Community Liaison 
Please contact Anna

Email anna@wikiHow.com

Call 650-492-8008



This Agreement was last modified on 4, December 2012. 
