
 FANDOM Policies 
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Licensing
Community Creation Policy
 Get Involved Today! Search for a wiki or start your own to find a community of fans who love what you love.

Create a wiki TERMS OF USE
PLEASE READ AND REVIEW THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.

Date of Last Revision: December 6, 2018


Who we are and how to contact us

These terms of use apply to our sites at fandom.com, wikia.com and wikia.org (including all subdomains) and our mobile apps under the FANDOM or Wikia brands (collectively, the “Service” or “Site”), operated by Wikia, Inc.
(the "Company").
We are a company registered in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
(corporate number C2935209), whose registered office is at 149 New Montgomery St, 3rd Floor, San Francisco CA 94105.

These Terms of Use tell you the rules for using our Site.

To contact us, please email support@fandom.com.


By using our website you accept these Terms of Use

By accessing or using the Service, you signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use ("Terms of Use" or "Agreement"), whether or not you are a registered user of FANDOM.
If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, then you must not use our Site.
We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference.

Note that as set forth in our Privacy Policy, in the case of residents in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), we do rely on consent as the legal basis for processing personal data collected through Marketing Cookies (as defined in our Privacy Policy) and in that case (only), we require explicit, opt-in consent.
Your agreement to this Terms of Use does not equate to a consent to the processing of such personal data collected through Marketing Cookies - that is a separate consent that EEA residents must give as described in our Privacy Policy.

These Terms of Use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of the Site:


 Our Privacy Policy.

 Our Licensing Terms.
and

 Our Community Creation Policy.



We may make changes to our Service

We may update and change our Service from time to time to reflect changes to our products, our users' needs and our business priorities.
We will try to give you reasonable notice of any major changes.


We may make changes to this Agreement

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of this Agreement at any time and without further notice.
Please check this page regularly to determine if there have been changes to these Terms of Use and to review such changes.

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY AS THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, REMEDIES AND OBLIGATIONS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS, AND A DISPUTE RESOLUTION CLAUSE THAT GOVERNS HOW DISPUTES WILL BE RESOLVED.


When these Terms of Use apply

These Terms of Use apply to registered users and non-registered users alike.
In order to use the Service, you must accept these Terms of Use.
You may do so by (a) registering with the Service and/or Company or (b) using the Service.
You confirm that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with the Company, or an emancipated minor, or have parental or legal guardian consent and are fully able and competent to enter into, and comply with, these Terms of Use.
In any case, you confirm that you are 16 or older (applicable to users located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) excluding the U.K.) or 13 or older (applicable to users located in the rest of the world including the U.K.), and acknowledge that the Service is not intended for children under such ages, as applicable.
You may not use the Service and may not accept the Terms of Use if you by law are barred from using the Service or accepting the Terms of Use.


Membership

In order to use certain portions of the Service (described in more detail in our Privacy Policy), you will need to first register on the Service.
You must not register for membership in the Service where you are prohibited by law.
In addition, the Service is intended solely for users who are:


 In the EEA (excluding the UK), 16 or older.
or

 In the rest of the world (including the UK), 13 or older.


Any registration by anyone under those ages in the applicable jurisdictions is unauthorized, unlicensed and in violation of this Agreement.
By registering for the Service, you represent and warrant that you meet the age requirement set forth above and that you agree to and will abide by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.


You must keep your account details safe

If you choose to register, and you are provided with or create a user identification code, password or other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential.
You must not disclose it to any third party, and you agree to maintain the security of your password and identification and to be fully responsible for all use of your account and for any actions that take place using your account.

The Company may terminate your account, delete your profile and any content or information that you have posted on the Service and/or prohibit you from using or accessing the Service for any reason, or no reason, at any time in its sole discretion, with or without notice.


Trademarks

The word WIKIA is a registered trademark of the Company in the U.S.
and/or in other countries.
The Company's trademarks may not be used, including as part of trademarks and/or as part of domain names, in connection with any product or service in any manner that is likely to cause confusion and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of the Company.


Submitting Content to the Site and Copyrights

There are different rules for Content that is submitted to FANDOM communities, for Company Original Content, and for contributions to our discussions and chat forums, each of which are described below.

In all cases, you are solely responsible for all content, including but not limited to photos, profiles information, messages, comments, and other content (”Content”) that you upload, publish or display (hereinafter, "submit") on or through the Site, or transmit to or share with other users.
You may not submit Content to the Site that you did not create or that you do not have the right to submit.
You may not submit Content that is not compatible with the license used by the applicable part of the Site to which you are submitting Content.
You understand and agree that others may, but are not obligated to, edit, delete or remove (without notice) any Content from the Site, for any reason or no reason.
You also represent and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, releases, consents, and permissions to permit the Company to copy, store, publish, display, and distribute your Content via the Site, in accordance with the license rules that are applicable to such Content (for example, text submissions by you to FANDOM communities are subject to the licensing terms set forth at Licensing).

The Site is not and shall not function as an archive.
We have no liability to you or any other person for loss, damage, or destruction to your Content.
You are solely responsible at your sole cost and expense for creating backup copies and replacing any Content you post or store on the Site or provide to us.


Content that is Submitted to FANDOM Communities/Wikis

The license rules for text that is submitted to particular FANDOM communities or wikis are set forth at http://www.wikia.com/licensing.
You agree that you will not use the communities in any manner that is contrary to the Community Creation Policy, currently found at Community Creation Policy, which may be updated from time to time.
You also agree not to utilize the communities/wikis in any manner that is contrary to the FANDOM Community Guidelines, which may be updated from time to time.
In the case of non-text Content that a user submits to a particular FANDOM community or wiki, you agree that you have the right to submit such Content, and that such Content does not violate the copyright, trademark, trade secret or any other personal or proprietary right of any other party.


Company Original Content

Articles and Content that are created by the Company or one of its licensors (for example, Company-created content that appears on fandom.com) (collectively, the “Company Original Content”) is the exclusive property of the Company and its licensors and is protected by copyright and intellectual property laws and treaties, and all rights are reserved.
Such Company Original Content includes visual content such as videos, articles, photographs, music, graphics, and logos.
Such Content may be accessible via a player embedded on the Site, which links to and plays content hosted on other sites or services (“Media Player”).

Except as explicitly provided herein, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create a license to the Company Original Content, and you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from the Company Original Content.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Company provides you with a license to use the Company Original Content for your personal, noncommercial use only.
Company may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason.
Use of Company Original Content for any purpose not expressly permitted by this Agreement is strictly prohibited.

We may provide opportunities to third parties (including community members) to submit an application to provide original content, which Company may approve or deny in its sole discretion.
If such original content is accepted by Company, it shall be subject to the rules for Company Original Content that are set forth above and that a contributor may agree to as part of the application process.

The Company may also provide links to articles on third party websites, As set forth below under Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability, because Company has no control over such third party websites, the Company is not responsible for the availability of such websites and is not responsible for any content on such websites.


Content Submitted to Discussions Forums

By submitting Content (including comments) to our discussion or chat forums, you grant us a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute copies, perform, or publicly display such Content (including comments) in any medium and for any purpose, including commercial purposes, and to authorize others to do so.
You agree that you have the right to submit any Content (including comments) you post, and that such Content (including comments) does not violate the copyright, trademark, trade secret or any other personal or proprietary right of any other party.


User Conduct

You agree not to use the Service to:


 Abuse, harass, threaten or intimidate other FANDOM users.

 Post or transmit any content that is obscene, pornographic, abusive, offensive, profane, or otherwise violates any law or right of any third party, or content that contains homophobia, ethnic slurs, religious intolerance, or encourages criminal conduct.

 Attempt to impersonate another user or person.

 Post any illegal or unauthorized content or use for any illegal or unauthorized purposes.

 Post or transmit any communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain password, account, or private information from any FANDOM user.

 Post, upload, transmit, share, or store unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, solicitations, "spam", or any other type of unauthorized solicitation.

 Solicit personal information from any user under the age of 18.

 Violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws and laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content).

 Post advertisements or solicitations of business.

 Except as expressly permitted (for example with respect to text that is submitted to particular FANDOM communities as permitted as set forth at http://www.wikia.com/licensing), you may not (i) modify, publish, transmit, reproduce, scrape, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, adapt, aggregate, sell, transfer or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part, or (ii) use any robot, spider, site search and/or retrieval application, or other device to scrape, extract, retrieve or index any portion of the Content.

 use any Media Player for any purpose other than non-commercial, personal consumption and viewing of applicable Content.

 attempt to modify, enhance, edit, translate, adapt, alter, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or create derivative works based upon any Media Player.
or

 attempt to license, transfer, convey or assign to any third party any rights to use or exhibit any Media Player, including to market, promote, display, re-distribute or re-transmit any Media Player.


You further agree:


 To only use the Service in a manner consistent with these Terms of Use and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

 To maintain the confidentiality of any password(s) associated with your use of the Service.

 To notify the company immediately in case of any unauthorized use of your account.

 Not to intentionally block, remove, or otherwise obstruct the proper functioning and view of advertisements, and/or user interface and functionality.

 Not to upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, limit the functionality of, or enable unauthorized access to any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.

 Not to upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party.

 not use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Site for any purpose without our express written permission.

 Not to forge headers, or manipulate source identifiers or otherwise attempt to disguise the origin of any content made available via the Service.


You will not:


 take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure.

 interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any activities conducted on the Site.
or

 bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Site, including robot exclusion headers.



Claims of Copyright Infringement

For claims of copyright infringement, please contact our designated agent under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act:

Attn: Copyright Agent
Wikia, Inc.
149 New Montgomery St
3rd Floor
San Francisco CA 94105

See DMCA Request for a guided form that will allow you to fill out the required elements of a DMCA takedown notice.
You may also email the designated agent via copyright@wikia.com.
Please include "Claim of copyright infringement" in the subject of your email.
For clarity, only DMCA notices should go to the Copyright Agent.


Disclaimers and Limitation on Liability

The Company is not responsible for the content or conduct, whether online or offline, of any user of the Service or other site or services that may be referenced, or linked to, in the Service.

Because Company has no control over such sites and services, you acknowledge and agree that Company is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or services, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or services.
We encourage you to be aware of when you leave the Service, and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party website or service that you visit.

You understand and acknowledge that by using the Service you may be exposed to content that you may find offensive, indecent or objectionable and that, in this respect, you use the Service at your own risk.

The Service is provided "as-is" and "AS AVAILABLE".
The Company disclaims any and all representations and warranties, whether express or implied.
The Company does not and cannot guarantee any specific results from use of the Service.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU USE THIS SERVICE AT YOUR OWN RISK , and that the Company will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort, breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with these Terms of Use, including:


 Use of, or inability to use, the Service.

 Use of, or reliance on, any Content displayed on our Site.
or

 Use of any third party sites linked from our Site.


In particular and without limitation, we will not be liable for:


 Loss of profits, sales, business or revenue.

 Business interruption.

 Loss of anticipated savings.

 Loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation.
or

 Any indirect or consequential loss or damage.


We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so.


Indemnity

You agree to indemnify the Company, its directors, employees, owners, agents, and users from any liability resulting from your use of this Service or its content or other materials thereon.
In no event will the Company, its directors, employees, owners, agents, or users be liable to you or any third party for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special or punitive damages, including lost profit, goodwill, or other loss, be it tangible or intangible, arising from your use of the Service or any Content or other materials thereon, even if the Company has been advised or was otherwise aware of the possibility of such damage.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company's liability to you for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of the action, will be at all times limited to the amount actually paid by you, if any, to use the service, not to exceed one hundred United States dollars.
You further acknowledge that if no fees are paid to the Company to use this Service, you are limited to injunctive relief only, and are not entitled to damages from the Company regardless of your cause of action.

IN ADDITION, THE COMPANY DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT (A) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, BE THEY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
(B) THAT ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE FREE OF ERROR, ACCURATE OR RELIABLE.
(C) THAT ERRORS IN FUNCTIONALITY OR OPERATION OF THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED.


Governing Law, Venue, and Jurisdiction

The laws of the State of California, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, govern these Terms of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and the Company or any of our affiliates.
You agree not to commence or prosecute any action in connection with your use of the Service other than in the state and federal courts of California, and you hereby consent to and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non conveniens with respect to venue and jurisdiction in the state and federal courts of California.


Other Terms and Conditions

To the extent that a translation of these Terms of Use differ from the English language version, the English language version controls.

If the Company does not exercise or enforce any right, remedy, or provision of these Terms of Use, this shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision in that or any other instance.

If any part of this Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall be deemed deleted, but that shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the rest of this Agreement.
 &lt;link rel="stylesheet" href="https://slot1-images.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb7930017930012/common/extensions/wikia/ImageLazyLoad/css/ImageLazyLoadNoScript.css" /&gt; 
 FANDOM Policies 
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Licensing
Community Creation Policy
 Get Involved Today! Search for a wiki or start your own to find a community of fans who love what you love.

Create a wiki 
WIKIA PRIVACY POLICY

Date of Last Revision: December 6, 2018.
Please check back regularly to keep informed of updates to this policy.

This privacy policy outlines the personal information about you that Wikia, Inc.
(“Wikia”, “FANDOM”, "we", "us", "our") collects, uses and stores via our sites at fandom.com, wikia.com and wikia.org (including all subdomains) and our mobile apps under the FANDOM or Wikia brands (collectively, our "Website").

Specifically, this privacy policy provides you with details about the personal information we collect from you, how we use your personal information, and your rights regarding the personal information we hold about you.

Please read this privacy policy carefully – by accessing or browsing the Website or by signing up as a user, you confirm that you have read and understood this privacy policy in its entirety.

Please be aware that when you follow a link to another site, this privacy policy does not apply, and we have no control over what information they collect from you.

This privacy policy implements the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), a data protection law that applies where we process personal information of anyone located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
We have added sections at the end of this privacy policy which apply solely to EEA residents.


Overview

We respect your right to privacy.
Our overall aim is to ensure that our collection and use of personal information is appropriate to the provision of the Website for our users, and is in accordance with applicable data protection laws.

Further details of how we do so are set out in each section of our privacy policy as follows:


 Who we are

 Children

 The personal information that we collect about you and how we use it

 Cookies and third parties with whom we shared your personal information

 Opting out of personalized website ads

 Anonymous Data

 Security

 Data retention

 Third party sites



Additional Provisions of This Privacy Policy That Are Applicable To EEA Residents


 What is our justification for handling your personal data

 Rights of EEA residents

 International Transfers

 Complaints, Questions and Comments



Who we are

Wikia, Inc.
is a company registered in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
(corporate number C2935209), whose registered office is at 149 New Montgomery St, 3rd Floor, San Francisco CA 94105 and we are the data controller of the personal information that we collect from you as described in this privacy policy.

We respect your right to privacy and will only process personal information you provide to us in accordance with applicable data protection laws.


Children

We collect personal information, as detailed below under the "The personal information we collect about you" section, from any unsupervised child who uses our Website.

If you are under the age of 16 (applicable to users located in the EEA excluding the U.K.) or 13 (applicable to users located in the rest of the world including the U.K.), you may not use the Website unless your parent or an authorized individual with parental responsibility has provided us with their consent for your use of our Website.

The personal information that we collect about you and how we use it

1.
Registered Users

Registration on our Website (i.e., signing up for a FANDOM account) is not required in order to access information on our Website.
Registration is only required for the following purposes:


to create a new FANDOM community.

to make a contribution of content to certain FANDOM communities (i.e., those which do not allow for anonymous contributions).

to hold a management or administrative position within a FANDOM community (such persons monitor the content on their applicable communities and, for example, can reject content submitted by others).

to submit discussions (e.g., a comment on an article or video posted on a FANDOM community) or to submit content to a chat forum.
or

to view content on the FANDOM mobile application.


If you decide to register, we will require: your unique chosen username, a valid email address, password, and date of birth.
You may optionally provide us with the following additional personal information: your first name, last name, your gender, and your interests and hobbies.
We call all of this information "Registration Data".

2.
All Website Visitors (including both registered and unregistered users)

We recognize that most of our Website users are not registered users.
In such cases, we will collect the information you provide when you modify the content of a page on the Website (such as making edits, uploading images, etc.).
An indicator that you provided that information is left on the history tab associated with the edited page or appropriate special/image page.
on the recent changes link&nbsp;and in your user contributions.
Also, if you send a communication to us, we may keep a copy of that communication so that we can respond appropriately.
Aside from information that you provide us directly, we also collect the following information from your computer or device when you use our Website: IP address, the length of time of your visit, your browser type, that browser’s language setting and the your computer’s operating system.
We also collect anonymous data regarding the pages of the Website that a user visits and search requests that the user submits.
We call this information "Beacon Data".

We use both Registration Data and Beacon Data to improve your experience with the Website, by understanding how our users like to use our Website, and what interests they may have based on the information we have collected about you.
The Registration Data and Beacon Data are also used to select advertisements or content to provide to you.


Cookies and third parties with whom we share your personal information

Our Website also uses cookies to collect information about you and to distinguish you from other users of our Website.
Cookies are small text files which are placed on your browser by our Website.
When you visit our Website, the cookies allow our Website to recognize you and your browser and allow your use of the website and its functionalities to be tracked.
This information can be used for a number of purposes, including serving you with advertising that is more aligned to you and your interests.
Cookies are useful because they help us make your Website experience more enjoyable.
They help us to monitor the way in which our Website is used and allow us to recognize your device (for example, your laptop or mobile device) so that we can tailor your experience of our Website.
We do not use cookie technology to collect personal information about you.
You can find out more about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.

Most web browsers allow you to disable cookies, and you are welcome to continue to use the Website if you choose to do so.
However, some of the Website's features may not function properly if cookies are disabled.

Our Website works with third parties, including advertising companies and website analysis firms, who use cookies to collect information when you visit our Website and third party sites about your browsing activities, such as IP address and user search history data.
This information, collected through cookies, is typically used by these third party advertising networks to serve you with advertisements tailored to meet your preferences and likely interests.
Some of our third party suppliers, including advertising and website analysis firms, can also use mobile identifiers to collect information and provide behavioral advertising through your mobile devices and use of our mobile apps.

In general, we use two types of cookies on our website:

1.
“Non-Marketing Cookies” – i.e., cookies that are used for Website traffic analysis and verification purposes.

Examples of these types of cookies which gather information about our users are as follows:

a.
Google Analytics, which uses cookies to aid us in traffic analysis and informing improvements to the site.

b.
Quantcast, which collects information about the number visitors to our Website and extrapolates market research from that data.
and

c.
comScore, which works in a similar way to Quantcast.

2.
"Marketing Cookies" – i.e., cookies that are used to market to you or provide personalized ads to you

Examples of these types of cookies which gather information about our users are as follows:

a.
Supply Side Platforms (also known as SSPs) such as Google’s ADX, which uses cookies to collect information about your browsing history to target advertising.

b.
The Salesforce Data Management Platform (“DMP”) platform (formerly known as Krux).
Salesforce DMP uses a number of technologies, including cookies, to collect non-personal information based on its analysis of your interaction with our Website.
In particular, Salesforce DMP segments our user data into specific categories – such as comedy fans, gaming fans, Star Wars fans, Batman fans, etc.
(all of this data segmentation is anonymous).

Also, on the FANDOM mobile app the user is asked to indicate the communities it is particularly interested in (e.g., Star Wars, Batman, etc) and that information is also used for such segmentation purposes.
You can find out more about how the Salesforce DMP platform collects and uses this non-personal information by clicking the “Salesforce DMP Privacy” link on the salesforce.com website.
Salesforce is an NAI member and, as stated below, you may use the NAI opt-out tool to cease our use of the Krux data for the purpose of sending you personalized advertisements.


Opting out of personalized website ads
You can opt-out of receiving personalized website ads from advertisers and ad networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or who follow the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising using their respective opt-out tools.
The NAI's opt-out tool can be found here NAI opt-out and the DAA's opt out tool can be found here Choices.

To opt out of tracking and receiving targeted ads in our mobile apps based on your behavior, you can use the instructions below, which apply to iOS and Android devices:

For iOS 7 and higher: Go to your Settings &gt.
Select Privacy &gt.
Select Advertising &gt.
Enable the "Limit Ad Tracking" setting.

For most Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 or higher: Open your Google Settings app &gt.
Ads &gt.
Enable "Opt out of interest-based advertising".
Some Android phones may have Google Settings in other settings locations.

Note that opting-out may not stop information from being collected on the web and will not stop your receiving advertising.
However, if you opt-out, the applicable advertiser will not use any information collected from our applicable Website or mobile app for the purpose of displaying personalized ads.


Anonymous data

We also collect anonymized details about visitors to our website for the purposes of aggregate statistics or reporting purposes.
However, no single individual will be identifiable from the anonymized details we collect for these purposes.


Security

While we take appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard the personal information that you provide to us, no transmission over the Internet can ever be guaranteed secure.
Consequently, please note that we cannot guarantee the security of any personal information that you transfer over the Internet to us.

Where we have given you, or where you have chosen, a password that enable you to access certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this confidential.
Such passwords should not be shared with anyone.


Data Retention

Subject to the rights of users located in the EEA as described below, we will retain information (including personal information) for as long as we need to use it for the reasons set out in this privacy policy and will delete it after that time except where we need to keep any personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.

In some circumstances, we may anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.


Third Party Websites

Our Website and/or Apps contain links to other websites operated by third parties.
Please note that this privacy policy applies only to the personal information that we collect through our Website and we cannot be responsible for personal information that third parties may collect, store and use through their websites.
You should always read the privacy policy of each website you visit carefully.


ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY THAT ARE APPLICABLE TO EEA RESIDENTS


What is our justification for handling your personal data?

Under European data protection laws, we have to ensure that we process your personal information fairly and lawfully.
This means that we must have a "legal basis" for each of our processing activities where they relate to the personal data of an individual within the EEA.
These bases include:



Consent – we may decide to obtain your specific, freely given consent to one or more processing activities.


Legal obligation – we may need to process your data where it is necessary to comply with applicable laws that we are subject to.


Performance of a contract – we may process your data if we are entering into a contract with you, or taking preparatory steps to do so.


Legitimate interests – we may process your personal data where we believe that we have a legitimate interest in doing so, and we have analyzed this and determined that our interests are not overridden by the impact on your rights and freedoms under data protection law.


We rely on these legal bases in different ways, and in relation to different types of processing of your personal data.


Consent

We process your personal information collected through the use of Marketing Cookies (as described in the Cookie section above) on the basis of your consent, which we ask for when you first visit our Website.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent to our use of these Cookies.
The list of partners for which we request consent is located at our Vendor List.
In order to withdraw your consent, please visit the "Reset Your Tracking Preferences" button at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.


Legitimate Interests

We believe that our use of your other personal information described herein is necessary for our legitimate interests, which are as follows:


 To run, grow and develop our business.

 To operate our Website.

 For marketing, market research and business development.
and

 For internal administrative purposes.


If we rely on our, or another person's, legitimate interests for using your personal information, we will undertake a balancing test to ensure that our (or the other person's) legitimate interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection.
You can ask us for information on this balancing test by using the contact details in the "Complaints, Questions and Comments" section below.

We process your personal information collected through the use of Non-Marketing Cookies (as described in the Cookie section above) on the basis of our legitimate interests.
We also rely on legitimate interests to use your personal information in order to provide you with access to our Website, and to make sure that it works properly, and to keep a record of who is accessing and making changes to the different parts of our Website.


Rights of EEA Residents

Residents in the EEA have the following rights:


 The right to ask us to provide you with copies of personal information that we hold about you at any time free of charge, although we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, or repetitive.
Please utilize the form found here when making this request Download Your Data.

 The right to ask us to update or correct any out-of-date or incorrect personal information that we hold about you (in accordance with applicable data protection laws).

 The rights to request that we stop using or delete your personal information (in certain circumstances we may not be able to stop using your personal information but if that is the case, we will let you know why).
Please utilize the form found here when making this request Right to Be Forgotten.

 The right to opt out of any marketing communications that we (or any third party to whom we have disclosed your personal information with your consent) may send you.


If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please use the forms indicated where applicable and email us at support@fandom.com.

We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period (and in any event within any time period required by law).
Please note, however, that certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances.

If an exception applies, we will tell you this when responding to your request.
We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to any request you make.

Please also note for security and fraud investigation and prevention purposes, we will retain the full IP address for users located in the EEA for up to 12 months.

In addition, we keep a copy of requests submitted to us to comply with our own legal obligation to maintain data processing records.
Please also note that certain information, such as your IP address (if you edit while not logged in) and any public contributions to the FANDOM community sites is archived and displayed indefinitely by design.
the transparency of each community’s contribution and revision histories is critical to their efficacy and trustworthiness.
In addition, the anonymization process cannot ensure complete or comprehensive anonymization of all of the content or information posted on our Website related to your prior username.
If your request is granted, the name change will only occur in automatically generated logs (such as page histories) in association with content that you posted.
The name change will not delete mentions of your prior username by third parties.


International Transfers

Where personal information is held by us, it is held in the U.S.A.

We will also transfer the personal information that we collect about you to third party processors located in countries that are outside the EEA, or to members of our group of companies in connection with the above purposes.
If we provide any of your personal information to any such non-EEA suppliers, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately.


Complaints, Questions and Comments

We have a Data Protection Officer to assist with all queries regarding our processing of personal information.
Wade Warren who can be contacted at c/o Wikia, Inc., 149 New Montgomery St, 3rd Floor, San Francisco CA 94105.
Email: DPO@fandom.com.
Phone: (415) 980-5647

If you have any complaints about our Website, please contact us at:

Address: 149 New Montgomery St, 3rd Floor, San Francisco CA 94105
Email: support@fandom.com
Telephone: (415) 762-0780

In the EEA you may also make a complaint to our supervisory body for data protection matters (for example, the Information Commissioner's Office in the UK) or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
 &lt;link rel="stylesheet" href="https://slot1-images.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb7930017930012/common/extensions/wikia/ImageLazyLoad/css/ImageLazyLoadNoScript.css" /&gt;Reset your tracking preferences on wikia.com