 Rules By using this website (the "site"), you agree that you'll follow these rules, and understand that if we reasonably think you haven't followed these rules, we may (at our own discretion) terminate your access to the site: Boards 

Global Rules


Image Boards

3DCG
Anime &amp.
Manga
Adult Cartoons
Advice
Animals &amp.
Nature
Alternative Sports
Random
International/Random
Business &amp.
Finance
Cute
Cosplay &amp.
EGL
Food &amp.
Cooking
Cute/Male
Comics &amp.
Cartoons
Hentai/Alternative
Do It Yourself
Ecchi
Fashion
Fitness
Technology
Graphic Design
Adult GIF
Hentai
Hardcore
History &amp.
Humanities
Handsome Men
High Resolution
Oekaki
Artwork/Critique
International
Otaku Culture
Weapons
Literature
LGBT
Mecha
Pony
Music
Transportation
Current News
Auto
Outdoors
Photography
Papercraft &amp.
Origami
Politically Incorrect
Quests
Adult Requests
ROBOT9001
Shit 4chan Says
Sexy Beautiful Women
Science &amp.
Math
Cams &amp.
Meetups
Sports
Torrents
Traditional Games
Toys
Trash
Travel
Television &amp.
Film
Yuri
Video Games
Video Game Generals
Pokémon
Retro Games
Anime/Wallpapers
Wallpapers/General
Worksafe GIF
Yaoi
Paranormal



Upload Boards

Flash



IRC

#4chan @ Rizon


 Global Rules 
You will not upload, post, discuss, request, or link to anything that violates local or United States law.
You will immediately cease and not continue to access the site if you are under the age of 18.
You will not post any of the following outside of /b/:

Troll posts
Racism
Anthropomorphic ("furry") pornography
Grotesque ("guro") images
Loli/shota pornography
Dubs or GET posts, including 'Roll for X' images


You will not post or request personal information ("dox") or calls to invasion ("raids").
Inciting or participating in cross-board (intra-4chan) raids is also not permitted.
All boards on 4channel.org are to be considered "work safe".
Violators may be temporarily banned and their posts removed.
Note: Spoilered pornography or other "not safe for work" content is NOT allowed.
The quality of posts is extremely important to this community.
Contributors are encouraged to provide high-quality images and informative comments.
Please refrain from posting the following:

Irrelevant catchphrases or copypasta
Example: "What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch?..."

Indecipherable text
Example: "lol u tk him 2da bar|?"

Irrelevant ASCII macros
Ironic shitposting
Example: "upboads for le funy maymay trollololololoxdxdxdxd~~!"

Gibberish text
Example: "l;kjdsfioasoiupwajnasdfa"



Submitting false or misclassified reports, or otherwise abusing the reporting system may result in a ban.
Replying to a thread stating that you've reported or "saged" it, or another post, is also not allowed.
Complaining about 4chan (its policies, moderation, etc) on the imageboards may result in post deletion and a ban.
Evading your ban will result in a permanent one.
Instead, wait and appeal it!
No spamming or flooding of any kind.
No intentionally evading spam or post filters.
Advertising (all forms) is not welcome—this includes any type of referral linking, "offers", soliciting, begging, stream threads, etc.
Impersonating a 4chan administrator, moderator, or janitor is strictly forbidden.
Do not use avatars or attach signatures to your posts.
The use of scrapers, bots, or other automated posting or downloading scripts is prohibited.
Users may also not post from proxies, VPNs, or Tor exit nodes.
All pony/brony threads, images, Flashes, and avatars belong on /mlp/.
All request threads for adult content belong on /r/, and all request threads for work-safe content belong on /wsr/, unless otherwise noted.
Do not upload images containing additional data such as embedded sounds, documents, archives, etc.

Global rules apply to all boards unless otherwise noted.

Remember: The use of 4chan is a privilege, not a right.
The 4chan moderation team reserves the right to revoke access and remove content for any reason without notice. Image Boards /3/ - 3DCG

Images and discussion should relate to 3D modeling and imagery.
Remember: This is a worksafe board! No adult content is allowed.
 /a/ - Anime &amp.
Manga

All images and resulting discussion should pertain to anime or
manga.
The use of spoiler tags is highly recommended.
To spoilerize
text, enclose it like so: [spoiler]spoiled text[/spoiler].
In
addition, images may be spoilerized by checking the "[Spoiler
Image?]" box on the submission form.
Purposeful spoiling of a series may result in post deletion and
temporary ban.
The discussion of "live action" television shows is permitted so
long as they are distinctly rooted in, or based off of an anime or
manga series.
Japanese visual novels should be posted
in /jp/, and Western on /vg/.
Threads should be created with substantial OP text containing a meaningful topic of discussion.
Please refrain from posting catch-phrase or template threads.
 /aco/ - Adult Cartoons

All images and discussion should pertain to 2D/3DCG adult illustrations of "Western" origin or style.
Images of Japanese/"Eastern" origin and style should be posted on the appropriate board.
Global Rule #3 is in effect.
No anthropomorphic ("furry") or grotesque ("guro") images are permitted, and all images should depict "of age" participants.
Images depicting bestiality, scat, or generally seen to be "extreme" in nature are not to be uploaded.
All images should be of high quality and high resolution.
No doodles or garbage artwork.
4chan's moderation team will be the arbiters of what is and is not high quality.
Racist remarks, trolls, and bump-replies (ex: "moar!") are not welcome.
Please provide relevant information in your opening post where possible (e.g., source material, artist name, etc) in order to minimize requests for the source of an image.
The posting of 'real' images is discouraged.
 /adv/ - Advice

All advice threads welcome.
Offering or requesting is allowed.
This is the destination for all questions regarding specific personal problems.
All threads are expected to be constructive in nature.
BAWWWing and venting is discouraged.
No hookup or camwhore threads! Take that to /soc/.
 /an/ - Animals &amp.
Nature

All images of animals and nature are welcome.
Posting images depicting animal cruelty is strictly
forbidden.
 /asp/ - Alternative Sports

This board is for discussion of sports other than the major professional sports.
This includes topics such as
skydiving, surfing, skateboarding, rock-climbing, bungee-jumping, BMX, wrestling, paintball and other "extreme" sports.
Discussions about professional sports teams, leagues, and athletes should be posted to /sp/.
Discussions about eSports should be posted to /vg/.
 /b/ - Random

ZOMG NONE!!!1*
Global rules 1, 2, 4, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, and 15 are enforced.



Note: "ZOMG NONE!!!1" applies to moderators as
well.

 /bant/ - International/Random

Global rules 1, 2, 4, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, and 15 are enforced.
Porn dump threads are not permitted.
Please use the appropriate boards for porn.
 /biz/ - Business &amp.
Finance

All discussion should pertain to business, finance, and economics related topics.
This includes financial markets, securities, currencies (including cryptocurrencies), and commodities—as well as topics relating to starting and running a business.
All political discussion belongs in /pol/.
Conspiracy theories belong in /x/.
Absolutely no advertising, soliciting, or promotion of any kind.
You may not discuss projects you have an interest in without making that disclosure.
We will remove anything that remotely breaks this rule.
 /c/ - Anime/Cute

Images should be cute ("moe") in nature.

Ecchi belongs on its respective board.
Males belong on
the cute/male board.
Heterosexual couples are allowed.
 /cgl/ - Cosplay &amp.
EGL

Pictures depicting those in costume play ("cosplay") and elegant
gothic lolita ("EGL") dress are welcome.
Don't bring community vendettas onto this board.
Singling out individual cosplayers for the purposes of trolling them will not be tolerated.
J-fashion is allowed.
Models can be of any ethnicity, but the fashion should be of Japanese origin.
"What Are You Wearing Today" threads should be cosplay/EGL/J-fashion focused.
General fashion threads should be posted to /fa/.
Health threads belong on /adv/ or /fit/.
 /ck/ - Food &amp.
Cooking

Images and discussion should relate to food and cooking.
Recipes are welcome! Feel free to talk about your favorite dishes
and discuss past cooking experiences.
 /cm/ - Cute/Male

Images should depict animated males and be cute ("moe") in
nature.
Shounen-ai images are permitted.

Yaoi belongs on its own respective board.
Couples belong
on the anime/cute board.
This board is for animated content only.
Images depicting "real"
people will be removed.
 /co/ - Comics &amp.
Cartoons

Images and discussion should pertain to media of Western
origin.
Spoiler tag use is enforced.
Don't know how to use spoiler tags?
Read this.
 /d/ - Hentai/Alternative

"Alternative" images including: futanari, bondage, tentacles,
etc.
are welcome.
Caveats below.
Images depicting bestiality, guro, scat, or generally seen to be
"extreme" in nature are not to be uploaded.
Western drawn/styled ("toon") pictures and fan drawn ("fanart")
images are not allowed.
 /diy/ - Do It Yourself

MAKERS GONNA MAKE!
Do not post instructions for how to make weapons or any device that
might bring harm to a person.
Think "Instructables" and "Make Magazine"
not "Anarchist's Cookbook."
 /e/ - Ecchi

All images and discussion should pertain to ecchi artwork.
Only suggestive artwork or softcore female nudity of Japanese/"Eastern" origin and style is permitted.
Hardcore, alternative, yuri, and yaoi content belong on their respective boards.
Ecchi material is suggestive and often times cute, however, it
should not be mistaken for the cute board.
 /fa/ - Fashion

Images and discussion should pertain to fashion and apparel.
 /fit/ - Fitness

Images and discussion related to dieting, exercise, healthy living,
and workout plans is welcome here.
Relationship, dating advice, and "mental health" threads belong on /adv/.
 /g/ - Technology

Images depicting the technology of past, present, and future are
all welcome here.
Tech support threads should be posted on /wsr/.
Trolling is not permitted.
Do not instigate or participate in flamewars.
You may use [code] tags to highlight syntax and preserve whitespace.
To use them, just wrap your code snippets [code]like this[/code].
 /gd/ - Graphic Design

This board is for the discussion of graphic design software and computer-aided graphic design techniques (ie.
"Photoshopping").
Requests for Photoshopping or any other work should go on /wsr/ (for work-safe content) or /r/ (for adult content).
 /gif/ - Adult GIF

All GIFs should be animated—no static images.
 /h/ - Hentai

Information pertaining to the artist, character's name,
originating manga/doujin, etc.
is highly valued.
Please provide this
information if it is available to you.
Images should depict "of age" participants.
Lolikon and shota images are not permitted.
In addition, alternative, ecchi,
shota, yuri, and yaoi content belong on
their respective boards.
The posting of paysite passwords is forbidden.
Western drawn/styled ("toon") pictures and fan drawn ("fanart")
images are not allowed.
 /hc/ - Hardcore

Only tasteful hardcore pornography allowed.
No images depicting abuse.
This board is for straight content.
Requests belong in /r/!
No "fakes" or photo manipulations of any kind.
This includes "morphs."
 /his/ - History &amp.
Humanities

All images and discussion should pertain to the humanities: history, philosophy, religion, law, classical artwork, archeology, anthropology, ancient languages, etc.
Discussions about books, poetry, and other forms of literature should be posted on /lit/.
Discussions about politics and current events should be posted on /pol/.
Global Rule #3 is in effect: blatantly racist posts may result in a ban.
Please do not start threads about events taking place less than 25 years ago.
 /hm/ - Handsome Men

Only tasteful adult male photos and pornography is allowed.
Topics relating to LGBT lifestyles should be posted on /lgbt/.
No images depicting abuse.
This board is for gay, male content only.
Do not post traps or trans content.
Self pics, cock shots, etc.
"Rate me" threads, camwhore threads, and hookup threads should be posted on /soc/.
No "fakes" or photo manipulations of any kind.
This includes "morphs."
Absolutely no underage content (under 18) of any sort.
Violators
will be issued permanent bans.
 /hr/ - High Resolution

Post quality high-resolution 2D/3D artwork, scans,
photography, and images of interest here.
Do not simply post images because they have large dimensions.
If
an image would be of interest to another board, please crosspost the
image (resizing if necessary).
The high resolution board was created to provide a venue
for extremely large images.
It is not intended to be a
random board.
Non-worksafe images are allowed, however content must be kept
tasteful (no grossout images).
 /i/ - Oekaki

Oekakis can be random in nature, but please, no "junk" drawings.
Quality over quantity!
 /ic/ - Artwork/Critique

All images and discussion should pertain to the critique of visual artwork.
User-created artwork is submitted for critique, and visual art is discussed.
Do not claim authorship of works you did not create.
Only constructive criticism will be accepted.
Rude or offensive
comments will result in a ban.
Requests for free work of any sort are forbidden.
Don't bring community vendettas onto this board.
Singling out individual artists for the purposes of trolling them will not be tolerated.
All discussion of artists should pertain directly to their work, and not their personal lives.
 /int/ - International

This board is for the discussion of foreign culture and language.
Please be respectful.
Posting in languages other than English is allowed—and encouraged!
All politics and current events belong on /pol/.
 /jp/ - Otaku Culture

All images and discussion should pertain to light and visual novels, figures and other otaku paraphernalia, Touhou Project, Vocaloid, doujin works and music, and diverse niche Japanese interests (kigurumi, idols, mahjong, tea).
This is the appropriate board for the discussion of Japanese visual novels and light novels.
Western visual novels should be posted to /vg/, and translated visual novels are fine on either board.
 /k/ - Weapons

All weaponry is welcome.
Military vehicles/knives/other weapons
are included, this board isn't just for firearms!
 /lit/ - Literature

All literature discussion is welcome, however fan-fic is not allowed.
 /lgbt/ - LGBT

This board is for the respectful discussion of LGBT lifestyle and the LGBT community.
Hookup and "rate me"/camwhore threads belong on /soc/.
Remember, this is a WORKSAFE BOARD.
Absolutely no nudity or pornography!
 /m/ - Mecha

All mecha and mecha-related (ex: pilots, core fighter, mecha girl, hobby model)
images are allowed.
 /mlp/ - Pony

This is the destination for all cartoon/anime pony related content on 4chan.
(Note: This rule has been changed to accommodate Filly Funtasia, and does not override previous rule clarifications that ban certain threads.)
This is a work safe board.
No pornographic images or other not safe for work
content is allowed (this includes clop).
Topics must be show-related.
When discussing people, they must be associated with the show
and not the fandom.
No roleplay.
Ponies only—no anthro.
 /mu/ - Music 
Discuss music, artists, and instruments here.
All images should
relate to the topic at hand.
Trolling, instigating, or participating in a flamewar will result
in a ban.
Please try to keep duplicate topics to a minimum by always searching for an old or active thread before posting a new one.
Do not post a continuation of a thread until the bump limit is reached.
 /n/ - Transportation

All sorts of transportation pictures and discussion welcome.
Trains, planes, ships, bicycles, flying elevators—post 'em all!
Please keep automobiles on the auto board.
Military vehicles should be posted on the weapons board.
 /news/ - Current News

All topics and discussion should be about current news articles.
The OP must contain a valid URL of an article from a credible news site (i.e., a newspaper, news magazine, or TV channel).
Blog and editorial articles are not acceptable.
News articles should be current.
no articles older than 48 hours should be posted.
Global rules are in effect.
Blatant trolling and racism is not permitted.
Note that you can also discuss news articles on /pol/.
/news/ is specifically for current news articles.
 /o/ - Auto

All motor vehicle pictures are allowed.
Photos of models and "race queens" are permitted, so long as they
are sufficiently clothed.
 /out/ - Outdoors

This board is for discussions about hiking, camping, geocaching, orienteering, farming, gardening, etc.
GO OUTSIDE AND TOSS A BALL OR SOMETHING.
 /p/ - Photography

Only upload images that you, the photographer, have taken.
Post only photos that show at least trace amounts of thoughtful
composition.
Do not upload random snapshots.
Even though EXIF data is made available when encoded, please post
as much relevant technical information as possible, such as: camera,
kit, lens, etc.
Include a short description with your photograph, such as when
and where it was photographed and under what circumstances.
As with the art critique board, only constructive
criticism will be tolerated.
 /po/ - Papercraft &amp.
Origami

Upload your papercraft and origami images here!
Requesting is permitted.
 /pol/ - Politically Incorrect

Debate and discussion related to politics and current events is welcome.
You are free to speak your mind, but do not attack other users.
You may challenge one another, but keep it civil!

Posting pornography is not permitted.
This is a politics board, not a porn board.
 /qst/ - Quests

This board is for author-driven collaborative storytelling (i.e.
"quests").
All threads posted here should be part of a new or ongoing quest.
The author controls the story of the quest.
They can take suggestions from other posters, or not, at their sole discretion.
If things don't go your way don't complain!
All threads on this board should be created by the associated quest author.
Please refrain from making meta-threads.
Erotic roleplay is not permitted.
Frequent explicit descriptions of sexual encounters by a quest author may result in mod intervention.
 /r/ - Adult Requests

All requests, be they for content or reseeds, belong here.
Provide ample information in your request.
Be specific—requests
for "hentai" instead of "Shirow - x Works" may be removed.
Link back
to existing post(s) if possible.
Check the board for pre-existing and similar requests before
reposting.
Do not request or discuss material protected by United States
copyright law.
 /r9k/ - ROBOT9001

A place for hanging out and posting greentext stories.
Global Rule #3 is in effect—/b/ material belongs on /b/.
Advice threads belong on /adv/, and "rate me," meetup, and camwhore threads on /soc/.
Purposefully evading the ROBOT9000 filter is not permitted.
 /s4s/ - Shit 4chan Says

You must check your #fortune in order to post on this board.
Global rules 1, 2, 4, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, and 15 are enforced.
No porn dump threads.
Keep that shit on /b/.



Note: Moderators must check their #fortune as well.

 /s/ - Sexy Beautiful Women

All images should depict women sexy and beautiful in
nature.
Images should also be relatively high in quality and
resolution.
If you know any information about a photo not already submitted,
post it! (ex: model's name, where to find the full set, link(s) to
more/similar content, etc.).
Reminder: Global Rule 4 still applies.
No hardcore or related fetish images allowed.
Take it to
/hc/!
Racist remarks, trolls, and bump-replies (ex: "moar!") are not
welcome.
The posting of paysite passwords is forbidden.
Absolutely no underage content (under 18) of any sort.
Violators
will be issued permanent bans.
No "fakes" or photo manipulations of any kind.
This includes "morphs."
 /sci/ - Science &amp.
Math

All science and math related topics welcome.
Homework threads will be deleted, and the poster banned.
No "religion vs.
science" threads.
 /soc/ - Cams &amp.
Meetups

All images and discussion should be related to camming and socializing with other users ("rate me," meetup, report in, etc).
Photos should be of yourself (timestamps encouraged!)—random porn dumps are not allowed.
No whining (aka "BAWWW") or "life" threads.
This is not your personal blog.
Tinychat and Amazon wishlist/begging threads are not allowed.
Soliciting or offering payments for photos, webcam shows, etc is not allowed.
Do not stalk or harass any users.
Be civil to camwhores.
Requesting contact info outside of contact and meetup threads is not allowed.
Offering your contact info unsolicited is also disallowed.
Responding to a request for contact info is allowed.
Asking a user to write on a sign is not allowed, unless said user is actively taking requests.
Timestamp requests are permitted.
Please try to keep duplicate topics to a minimum by always searching for an old or active thread before posting a new one.
Do not post a continuation of a thread until the bump limit is reached.
Respect the gender of a thread.
If the OP specifies women, only women should reply with images (and vice versa for men).
tl;dr: Men, don't post pictures of yourself or your nether regions in female threads.
 /sp/ - Sports

All sports welcome.
In the interest of keeping this board general, please combine threads
related to similar topics (example: specific teams, games, players, etc.).
Discussion of "eSports" (i.e., video games) belongs on /v/.
General threads about eSports belong on /vg/.
 /t/ - Torrents

All material licensed in the United States is prohibited.
This
includes music, manga, hentai, artbooks, and anything else protected
by United States copyright law.
(Note: 99% of what you will find on
the internet is probably unlicensed, however first check and make
sure it is before posting!)
There will be no "warez" allowed.
Warez is classified as: retail
software, games, movies, etc.
See the above rule.
Content should be Japanese in theme or origin.
The torrents board
is not your standard anime tracker.
As such, no anime of any kind is
to be posted on this board.
 /tg/ - Traditional Games

Board games, paper games, war games, card games, etc.
go
here!
 /toy/ - Toys

Toys, toys, toys!
Absolutely no Japanese figurines.
Action figures are permitted.
No "hot glue" fetish images.
 /trash/ - Off-topic

Global rules 1, 2, 4, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, and 14 are enforced.
Don't complain about your off-topic thread being moved here.
Lolikon and shota images are not permitted.
 /trv/ - Travel

Post images and information about various locales, places you've traveled,
or hope to visit in the future.
Feel free to ask questions about other cultures, and post in native
languages.
This board is for all the countries of the world.
The more diverse,
the better!
 /tv/ - Television &amp.
Film

Content should pertain to television shows, movies,
actors/actresses, film equipment, etc.
All actress and actor discussion should pertain directly to their roles and careers.
Off-topic discussion will be deleted.
Global Rule 13 applies—all images of actresses should be accompanied by relevant discussion.
Please make use of the spoiler image checkbox and spoiler tags.
Purposeful spoiling of a series or movie is not allowed.
 /u/ - Yuri

All images and discussion should pertain to the yuri genre.
Yuri is lesbian and/or softcore in nature, and of Japanese origin.
Images must not contain men, and should ideally be of two or more women.
The occasional solo image is allowed as long as it's relevant to the topic, but solo image dumps should be posted on /e/.
 /v/ - Video Games

All posts should pertain to video games, their consoles, and video game culture.
Threads should remain on topic and stay in theme with the board.
Don't post off-topic garbage.
Flaming/flagrant "fanboyism"/etc.
will not be tolerated.
Threads should not devolve into flamewars.
Instigating or
encouraging such activity will not be tolerated.
Please refrain from reposting.
If possible, try to skim the board
for threads pertaining to your topics/info that may have already been
posted.
Purposeful spoiling of a game's plot or other details may result in post deletion and temporary ban.
Use spoiler tags where appropriate.
"Generals"—long-term, recurring threads about a specific game—should be posted
in /vg/.
This is not to say threads about specific games cannot be created on /v/, just that long-term, recurring
threads belong in /vg/.
 /vg/ - Video Game Generals

This board is for the posting of video game "general" threads, which are long-term, recurring threads
about a specific topic.
Western visual novels should be posted here, and Japanese visual novels on
/jp/.
Translated visual novels
are allowed on either board.
Purposeful spoiling of a game's plot or other details may result in post deletion and temporary ban.
Use spoiler tags where appropriate.
 /vp/ - Pokémon

For Pokémon related discussion.
Please respect global rules 3 and 5—no non-work safe or "furry" material should be posted on this board.
Post all Pokégirl hentai to /h/.
Do not incite genwars.
Keep discussions civil and don't let them devolve into flaming.
GOTTA CATCH 'EM ALL.
This will be severely punished and strictly enforced.

Purposeful spoiling of a game's plot or other details may result in post deletion and temporary ban.
Use spoiler tags where appropriate.
 /vr/ - Retro Games

This board is for the discussion of classic, or "retro" games.
Retro gaming means consoles, computer games, arcade games (including pinball) and any other games on platforms launched in 1999 or earlier.
Sixth generation and later consoles are not considered retro.
 /w/ - Anime/Wallpapers

Wallpapers should be distinctly anime or J-pop related.
They can
be real world pictures, just make sure they're noticeably tied to
Japanese culture.
Image quality is a must.
A minimum resolution of 480x600 pixels
is enforced on this board.
 /wg/ - Wallpapers/General

Wallpapers may depict anything within reason.
Artistic nudes are allowed, but please do not post hardcore or other pornographic content.
Image quality is a must.
A minimum resolution of 480x600 pixels
is enforced on this board.
 /wsg/ - Worksafe GIF

All worksafe GIFs welcome.
All GIFs should be animated—no static images.
 /x/ - Paranormal

For all your creepy images and stories.
 /y/ - Yaoi

All yaoi, unless otherwise noted, is allowed.
This includes bara.
This board is for animated content only.
Images depicting "real"
people will be removed.
Images should depict "of age" participants.
Lolikon and shota images are not permitted.
 Upload Boards /f/ - Flash

All uploaded files should be uniquely Japanese (pertain to
Japanese culture).
"Run of the mill" content is to be had
elsewhere.
Posting retail Flash files or Flash exploits is prohibited.
The tagging of uploaded files is mandatory.
Improperly tagged
items may be removed without notice.
Abuse of the tagging system may
result in temporary ban.
If your file is to be tagged as "[?] Other", re-examine the first
rule before submission.
 IRC #4chan on Rizon is the official IRC channel of 4chan.org, a website.
You may use this channel to speak with other 4chan users, contact a moderator about technical site issues, or for help with a ban.
Moderators are designated either as @Operators or %Half-operators.

Do not post personal information in the channel, including your IP address.
If you are visiting the channel to speak with a moderator regarding a ban you were issued, for example, sensitive details such as your IP or appeal ID number should be shared privately.
Do not use this channel in lieu of reporting posts that violate the rules.
If you have submitted a report, please rest assured that a moderator/janitor will tend to it as soon as possible.
Appeal your ban on the site (if applicable) and wait for a response there before attempting to contact a moderator via IRC.
Do not excessively flood, spam, or otherwise harass users.
No Fservs/XDCCs/annoying IRC scripts.
The site's global rules are enforced where applicable.
Operators reserve the right to remove users from the channel as
they see fit.
   DMCA Policy 4chan community support LLC ("Company" or "we") has adopted the following general policy toward copyright infringement in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf).
The address of the Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement ("Designated Agent") is listed at the end of this policy.

Procedure for Reporting Copyright Infringement:

If you believe that material or content residing on or accessible through Company's websites or services infringes a copyright, please send a notice of copyright infringement containing the following information to the Designated Agent listed below:


A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed;
Identification of works or materials being infringed;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing including information regarding the location of the infringing materials that the copyright owner seeks to have removed, with sufficient detail so that Company is capable of finding and verifying its existence;
Contact information about the notifier including address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address;
A statement that the notifier has a good faith belief that the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and
A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided is accurate and the notifying party is authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner.




Once Proper Bona Fide Infringement Notification is Received by the Designated Agent:

It is Company's policy:


To remove or disable access to the infringing material;
To notify the content provider, member or user that it has removed or disabled access to the material.
and
That repeat offenders will have the infringing material removed from the system and that Company will terminate such content provider's, member's or user's access to the service.




Procedure to Supply a Counter-Notice to the Designated Agent:

If the content provider, member or user believes that the material that was removed or to which access was disabled is either not infringing, or the content provider, member or user believes that it has the right to post and use such material from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to the law, the content provider, member or user must send a counter-notice containing the following information to the Designated Agent listed below:


A physical or electronic signature of the content provider, member or user;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or disabled;
A statement that the content provider, member or user has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the material.
and
Content provider's, member's or user's name, address, telephone number, and, if available, e-mail address and a statement that such person or entity consents to the jurisdiction of the Federal Court for the judicial district in which the content provider's, member's or user's address is located, or if the content provider's, member's or user's address is located outside the United States, for any judicial district in which Company is located, and that such person or entity will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.

If a counter-notice is received by the Designated Agent, Company may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed material or cease disabling it in 10 business days.
Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed material may be replaced or access to it restored in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at Company's discretion.


When submitting your notification of claimed copyright infringement, please ensure the following criteria have been met:


Your notice concerns copyrighted material that is hosted on a domain operated by Company, such as 4chan.org or 4cdn.org.
We are unable to remove or disable access to copyrighted material located on other domains, such as those operated by third-parties who archive and re-host content originally posted to Company's website or services.

Clearly note the specific location(s) — e.g.
4chan URL(s) — of the copyrighted material referenced in your notice.
You understand that as permitted by law, we may forward a complete copy of your notice (including your name, contact information, et cetera) to the user(s) who submitted the copyrighted material referenced in your notice.
You understand that you may be liable for damages (including Company's costs and attorneys' fees) if you make material misrepresentations in your notice or counter-notice, including your identifying information and if you misrepresent that the material is infringing your copyright.
We reserve the right to seek and collect these damages.



Please contact the Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement for Company at dmca@4chan.org or at:
4chan community support LLC
ATTN: DMCA Agent
5042 Wilshire Blvd., #34441
Los Angeles, CA 90036

Telephone: (267) 608-1710
Fax: (877) 763-2948 ext.
34441
E-mail: dmca@4chan.org

Note: We strongly recommend sending notices via e-mail for quickest response.




Home
News
Blog
FAQ
Rules
Support 4chan
Advertise
Press
日本語


About • Feedback • Legal • Contact


Copyright © 2003-2019 4chan community support LLC.
All rights reserved.
