 Airbnb Privacy Policy
Last Updated: November 1, 2019
TABLE OF CONTENTS:


INTRODUCTION


INFORMATION WE COLLECT


HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT


SHARING &amp.
DISCLOSURE


OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION


YOUR RIGHTS


OPERATING GLOBALLY &amp.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS


SECURITY


CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY


CONTACT US


1.
INTRODUCTION
Thank you for using Airbnb! Your trust is important to us and we’re committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information.
The information that’s shared with us helps us to provide a great experience with Airbnb.
We have a dedicated privacy team that’s committed to protecting all the personal information we collect and help ensure that personal information is handled properly worldwide.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, process, and disclose your personal information, in conjunction with your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform and the Payment Services.
This privacy policy describes our privacy practices for all websites, platforms and services that link to it.
Please read the privacy policy on the applicable site.

1.1 Definitions

If you see an undefined term in this Privacy Policy (such as “Listing” or “Airbnb Platform”), it has the same definition as in our Terms of Service (“Terms”).

1.2 Data Controller

When this policy mentions “Airbnb,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to the Airbnb company that is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy (the “Data Controller”).

If your country of residence is the United States, the Data Controller is Airbnb, Inc.
If your country of residence is outside of the United States, the People’s Republic of China which for purposes of this Privacy Policy does not include Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan (“China”) and Japan, the Data Controller is Airbnb Ireland UC (“Airbnb Ireland”).
If your country of residence is China, and you (a) book a Host Service located outside of China or (b) create a Listing located outside of China, the Data Controller is Airbnb Ireland for that transaction and this Privacy Policy will apply.
If your country of residence is Japan, the Data Controller is Airbnb Global Services Limited (“Airbnb GSL”), except where you book a Host Service located outside of Japan or create a Listing located outside of Japan, in which case the Data Controller is Airbnb Ireland for that transaction.
Additionally, if you reside in Japan, Airbnb Ireland will be the Data Controller for all bookings confirmed prior to June 13, 2018 at 3PM UTC.


1.3 Applicability to Payments

This Privacy Policy also applies to the Payment Services provided to you by Airbnb Payments pursuant to the Payments Terms of Service (“Payments Terms”).
When using the Payment Services, you will be also providing your information, including personal information, to one or more Airbnb Payments entities, which will also be the Data Controller (the "Payments Data Controller") of your information related to the Payment Services, generally depending on your country of residence.

If your country of residence is the United States, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments, Inc.
(a subsidiary of Airbnb, Inc.).
If your country of residence is China, and you (a) book a Host Service located outside of China, or (b) create a Listing located outside of China, or (c) book a Host Service in China with a Host who is not a resident of China, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments UK Ltd.
(“Airbnb Payments UK”) for that transaction and this Privacy Policy will apply.
If your country of residence is India, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments India, except in the following circumstances: - if you book a Host Service located outside of India.
- if you create a Listing outside of India, in which case, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments UK.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this clause, if you create a Listing in India, and: - accept a booking from a Guest who is a resident of India, regardless of your country of residence, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments India.
or - accept a booking from a Guest who is not a resident of India, regardless of your country of residence, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments UK.
If your country of residence is Australia, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments UK, except if you book a Host Service located in or outside of Australia, which is confirmed after January 9, 2019 at 1:00 AM UTC, in which case, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments Australia Pty.
Ltd.
(“Airbnb Payments Australia”) for that transaction.
If your country of residence is in the European Union, the Payment Data Controller is Airbnb Payments UK.
On or after March 25, 2019, any change of the Payment Data Controller to Airbnb Payments Luxembourg S.A., if any, will be notified to you at the time of checkout or by other appropriate means.
If your country of residence is outside of the United States, China, India and Australia, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments UK.

If you change your country of residence, the Data Controller and/or Payments Data Controller will be determined by your new country of residence as specified above, from the date on which your country of residence changes.
To this end the Data Controller and/or Payment Data Controller that originally collected your personal information will need to transfer such personal information to the new applicable Data Controller and/or Payments Data Controller due to the fact that such transfer is necessary for the performance of the contractual relationship with you.
Please see the Contact Us section below for contact details of the Data Controllers and Payments Data Controllers.
2.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
There are three general categories of information we collect.

2.1 Information You Give to Us.


2.1.1 Information that is necessary for the use of the Airbnb Platform.

We ask for and collect the following personal information about you when you use the Airbnb Platform.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us and to allow us to comply with our legal obligations.
Without it, we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services.


Account Information.
When you sign up for an Airbnb Account, we require certain information such as your first name, last name, email address, and date of birth.

Profile and Listing Information.
To use certain features of the Airbnb Platform (such as booking or creating a Listing), we may ask you to provide additional information, which may include your address, phone number, and a profile picture.

Identity Verification Information.
To help create and maintain a trusted environment, we may collect identity verification information (such as images of your government issued ID, passport, national ID card, or driving license, as permitted by applicable laws) or other authentication information.
To learn more, see our Help Center article about providing identification on Airbnb.

Payment Information.
To use certain features of the Airbnb Platform (such as booking or creating a Listing), we may require you to provide certain financial information (like your bank account or credit card information) in order to facilitate the processing of payments (via Airbnb Payments).

Communications with Airbnb and other Members.
When you communicate with Airbnb or use the Airbnb Platform to communicate with other Members, we collect information about your communication and any information you choose to provide.


2.1.2 Information you choose to give us.

You may choose to provide us with additional personal information in order to obtain a better user experience when using Airbnb Platform.
This additional information will be processed based on our legitimate interest or when applicable, your consent.


Additional Profile Information.
You may choose to provide additional information as part of your Airbnb profile (such as gender, preferred language(s), city, and a personal description).
Some of this information as indicated in your Account settings is part of your public profile page, and will be publicly visible to others.

Address Book Contact Information.
You may choose to import your address book contacts or enter your contacts’ information manually to access certain features of the Airbnb Platform, like inviting them to use Airbnb.

Other Information.
You may otherwise choose to provide us information when you fill in a form, update or add information to your Airbnb Account, respond to surveys, post to community forums, participate in promotions, communicate with our customer care team, share your experience with us (such as through Host Stories), or use other features of the Airbnb Platform.


2.1.3 Information that is necessary for the use of the Payment Services.

The Payments Data Controller needs to collect the following information necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you and to comply with applicable law (such as anti-money laundering regulations).
Without it, you will not be able to use Payment Services:


Payment Information.
When you use the Payment Services, the Payments Data Controller requires certain financial information (like your bank account or credit card information) in order to process payments and comply with applicable law.

Identity Verification and Other Information.
If you are a Host, the Payments Data Controller may require identity verification information (such as images of your government issued ID, passport, national ID card, or driving license) or other authentication information, your date of birth, your address, email address, phone number and other information in order to verify your identity, provide the Payment Services to you, and to comply with applicable law.


2.1.4 Information We Automatically Collect from Your Use of the Airbnb Platform and Payment Services.

When you use the Airbnb Platform and the Payment Services, we automatically collect personal information about the services you use and how you use them.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, to enable us to comply with legal obligations and given our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the functionalities of the Airbnb Platform and Payment Services.


Geo-location Information.
When you use certain features of the Airbnb Platform, we may collect information about your precise or approximate location as determined through data such as your IP address or mobile device’s GPS to offer you an improved user experience.
Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable the use of location services for applications in the device’s settings menu.
Airbnb may also collect this information even when you are not using the app if this connection is enabled through your settings or device permissions.

Usage Information.
We collect information about your interactions with the Airbnb Platform such as the pages or content you view, your searches for Listings, bookings you have made, and other actions on the Airbnb Platform.

Log Data and Device Information.
We automatically collect log data and device information when you access and use the Airbnb Platform, even if you have not created an Airbnb Account or logged in.
That information includes, among other things: details about how you’ve used the Airbnb Platform (including if you clicked on links to third party applications), IP address, access dates and times, hardware and software information, device information, device event information, unique identifiers, crash data, cookie data, and the pages you’ve viewed or engaged with before or after using the Airbnb Platform.

Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We use cookies and other similar technologies when you use our platform, use our mobile app, or engage with our online ads or email communications.
We may collect certain information by automated means using technologies such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, browser analysis tools, server logs, and mobile identifiers.
In many cases the information we collect using cookies and other tools is only used in a non-identifiable without reference to personal information.
For example, we may use information we collect to better understand website traffic patterns and to optimize our website experience.
In some cases we associate the information we collect using cookies and other technology with your personal information.
Our business partners may also use these tracking technologies on the Airbnb Platform or engage others to track your behavior on our behalf.

Pixels and SDKs.
Third parties, including Facebook, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our websites and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads.
For apps, that third parties, including Facebook, may collect or receive information from your app and other apps and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted ads.
Users can opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting by updating their Facebook account ad settings and by contacting opt-out@airbnb.com with a description of your request and validation information.
Users can access a mechanism for exercising such choice by going to http://www.aboutads.info/choices and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
For more information on our use of these technologies, see our Cookie Policy.

Do Not Track Signals.
While you may disable the usage of cookies through your browser settings, the Airbnb Platform currently does not respond to a “Do Not Track” signal in the HTTP header from your browser or mobile application due to lack of standardization regarding how that signal should be interpreted.

Payment Transaction Information.
Airbnb Payments collects information related to your payment transactions through the Airbnb Platform, including the payment instrument used, date and time, payment amount, payment instrument expiration date and billing postcode, PayPal email address, IBAN information, your address and other related transaction details.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and Airbnb Payments and to allow the provision of the Payment Services.


2.1.5 Information We Collect from Third Parties.

Airbnb and Airbnb Payments may collect information, including personal information, that others provide about you when they use the Airbnb Platform and the Payment Services, or obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through the Airbnb Platform and the Payment Services.
We do not control, supervise or respond for how the third parties providing your information process your Personal Information, and any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be directed to such third parties.


Third Party Services.
If you link, connect, or login to your Airbnb Account with a third party service (e.g.
Google, Facebook, WeChat), the third party service may send us information such as your registration, friends list, and profile information from that service.
This information varies and is controlled by that service or as authorized by you via your privacy settings at that service.

Your References.
If someone has written a reference for you, it will be published on your Airbnb public profile page with your consent.
To learn more, see our Help Center article about References.

Background Information.
For Members in the United States, to the extent permitted by applicable laws, Airbnb and Airbnb Payments may obtain reports from public records of criminal convictions or sex offender registrations.
For Members outside of the United States, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and with your consent where required, Airbnb and Airbnb Payments may obtain the local version of police, background or registered sex offender checks.
We may use your information, including your full name and date of birth, to obtain such reports.

Enterprise Product Invitations and Account Management.
Organizations that use our Enterprise products (such a Airbnb for work and programs with property managers and owners) may submit personal information to facilitate account management and invitations to use enterprise products.

Referrals.
If you are invited to Airbnb, the person who invited you may submit personal information about you such as your email address or other contact information.

Other Sources.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may receive additional information about you, such as demographic data or information to help detect fraud and safety issues, from third party service providers and/or partners, and combine it with information we have about you.
For example, we may receive background check results (with your consent where required) or fraud warnings from service providers like identity verification services for our fraud prevention and risk assessment efforts.
We may receive information about you and your activities on and off the Airbnb Platform through partnerships, or about your experiences and interactions from our partner ad networks.


2.2
Children’s Data.

Our websites and applications are not directed to children under 16 and we do not knowingly collect any personal information directly from children under 16.
If you believe that we processing the personal information pertaining to a child inappropriately, we take this very seriously and urge you to contact us using the information provided under the “Contact Us” section below.
3.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may use, store, and process personal information to (1) provide, understand, improve, and develop the Airbnb Platform, (2) create and maintain a trusted and safer environment (such as to comply with our legal obligations and ensure compliance with Airbnb Policies) and (3) provide, personalize, measure, and improve our advertising and marketing.

3.1
Provide, Improve, and Develop the Airbnb Platform.
We may use the personal information to provide, improve, and develop the Airbnb Platform such as to:

enable you to access and use the Airbnb Platform,
enable you to communicate with other Members,
operate, protect, improve, and optimize the Airbnb Platform and experience, such as by performing analytics and conducting research,
provide customer service,
send you service or support messages, updates, security alerts, and account notifications,
if you provide us with your contacts’ information, we may process this information: (i) to facilitate your referral invitations, (ii) send your requests for references, (iii) for fraud detection and prevention, and (iv) for any purpose you authorize at the time of collection,
to operate, protect, improve, and optimize the Airbnb Platform and experience, and personalize and customize your experience (such as making Listing suggestions, ranking search results), and facilitate claims with our Host Guarantee, Host Protection Insurance, Experience Protection Insurance or other similar host protection programs, we conduct profiling based on your interactions with the Airbnb Platform, your search and booking history, your profile information and preferences, and other content you submit to the Airbnb Platform, and
enable your use of our enterprise products.

We process this personal information for these purposes given our legitimate interest in improving the Airbnb Platform and our Members’ experience with it, and where it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you.

3.2
Create and Maintain a Trusted and Safer Environment.
We may use the personal information to create and maintain a trusted and safer environment such as to:

detect and prevent fraud, spam, abuse, security incidents, and other harmful activity,
conduct security investigations and risk assessments,
verify or authenticate information or identifications provided by you (such as to verify your Accommodation address or compare your identification photo to another photo you provide),
conduct checks against databases and other information sources, including background or police checks, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and with your consent where required,
comply with our legal obligations,
Resolve any disputes with any of our Members and enforce our agreements with third parties,
enforce our Terms of Service and other policies, and
in connection with the activities above, we may conduct profiling based on your interactions with the Airbnb Platform, your profile information and other content you submit to the Airbnb Platform, and information obtained from third parties.
In limited cases, automated processes may restrict or suspend access to the Airbnb Platform if such processes detect activity that we think poses a safety or other risk to the Airbnb Platform, our community, or third parties.
If you challenge the decisioning based on the automated process, please contact us as provided in the Contact Us section below.

We process this personal information for these purposes given our legitimate interest in protecting the Airbnb Platform, to measure the adequate performance of our contract with you, and to comply with applicable laws.

3.3
Provide, Personalize, Measure, and Improve our Advertising and Marketing.
We may use the personal information to provide, personalize, measure, and improve our advertising and marketing such as to:

send you promotional messages, marketing, advertising, and other information that may be of interest to you based on your preferences (including information about Airbnb or partner campaigns and services) and social media advertising through social media platforms such as Facebook or Google),
personalize, measure, and improve our advertising,
Administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by Airbnb or its third party partners,
conduct profiling on your characteristics and preferences (based on the information you provide to us, your interactions with the Airbnb Platform, information obtained from third parties, and your search and booking history) to send you promotional messages, marketing, advertising and other information that we think may be of interest to you,
enrolling in an email subscription will not affect the frequency of administrative emails that we may send in connection with any Airbnb Account.
No fee is charged for sending promotional emails to you, but third-party data rates may apply.
Note that you may not be able to take advantage of certain promotions if you do not have an Airbnb Account, and
invite you to events and relevant opportunities (for example, when you share your Host story, we may use the information provided to reach out to you to invite you to relevant events).

We will process your personal information for the purposes listed in this section given our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or services that may be of your interest.

3.4 How the Payments Data Controller uses the Personal Information Collected.
We may use the personal information as a part of Payment services such as to:

Enable you to access and use the Payment Services.
Detect and prevent fraud, abuse, security incidents, and other harmful activity.
Conduct security investigations and risk assessments.
Conduct checks against databases and other information sources.
Comply with legal obligations (such as anti-money laundering regulations).
Enforce the Payment Terms and other payment policies.
With your consent, send you promotional messages, marketing, advertising, and other information that may be of interest to you based on your preferences.

The Payments Data Controller processes this personal information given its legitimate interest in improving the Payment Services and its users’ experience with it, and where it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you and to comply with applicable laws.

3.5
SMS Terms
for U.S.

For text messaging in the United States, by requesting, joining, agreeing to, enrolling in, signing up for, acknowledging, or otherwise consenting to receive one or more text messages (“Opting In”) or using a Airbnb arrangement in which Airbnb sends (or indicates that it may send, or receives a request that it send) one or more text messages (“Text Message Service”), you accept these SMS Terms for U.S.
(“SMS Terms”), consent to the handling of your personal information as described in the Airbnb Privacy Policy, and agree to resolve disputes with Airbnb as described in our Terms of Service.
Message and data rates may apply.
Airbnb will use reasonable commercial efforts to deliver the automated marketing text messages to the number you provide through compatible wireless carriers.
Carriers and Airbnb are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
The short code we use for some Text Message Services may not be supported on all U.S.
carriers.

Opting In

By Opting In to a Text Message Service:

You expressly authorize Airbnb to use autodialer or non-autodialer technology to send text messages to the cell phone number associated with your Opt-In (i.e., the number listed on the Opt-In form or instructions, or, if none, the number from which you send the Opt-In, or, if none, the number on file for your account).
You also authorize Airbnb to include marketing content in any such messages.
You do not have to Opt In or agree to Opt In as a condition of purchase.
You consent to the use of an electronic record to document your Opt-In.
To withdraw that consent, request a free paper or email copy of the Opt-In, or to update our records with your contact information, please contact us via the methods described in the Contact Us section.
To view and retain an electronic copy of these SMS Terms or the rest of your Opt-In, you will need (i) a device (such as a computer or cell phone) with internet access, and (ii) either a printer or storage space on such device.
If you withdraw your consent, certain features of our service may not be available to you.
To update information on how we would contact you electronically, visit your Notification settings in your account settings.
You confirm that you are the subscriber to the relevant phone number or that you are the customary user of that number on a family or business plan and that you are authorized to Opt In.
You consent to the use of an electronic record to document your Opt-In.
To withdraw that consent, update our records with your contact information, please visit your Airbnb account Notifications settings or contact customer support.
These SMS Terms still will apply if you withdraw the consent mentioned above or opt out of the Text Message Service.

After Opting In, in addition to the main messages the service offers, you may receive one or more welcome messages or administrative messages, such as (in some cases) a request to confirm your Opt-In.

About the Text Message Services and Opting Out

Message and data rates may apply.
Unless otherwise noted, Text Message Services send multiple, recurring messages.
Airbnb may terminate any Text Message Service or your participation in it at any time with or without notice, including, for example, before you have received any or all messages that you otherwise would have received, but these SMS Terms still will apply.
Text STOP to any promotional message to Opt Out or if applicable update your “Notification” settings on your Airbnb account.
For additional help, text HELP in response to a marketing message or contact customer service.

3.6
Your Choices

You have choices on the promotional messages that you choose to receive.

You can limit the information you provide to Airbnb.
Participation in promotions and marketing programs is voluntary.
You can limit the communications that Airbnb sends to you.

To opt-out of marketing emails, simply click the link labeled “unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email we send you or access the notification settings in your Airbnb Account.
To revoke permissions that you may have given to send promotional text messages, text STOP in response to any message.
You can always update your notification settings within your Airbnb Account by visiting the Notifications section of your Airbnb Account.
Please note that even if you opt-out of marketing communications, we may still need to contact you with important transactional information about your account.
For example, even if you opt-out of emails, we may still send you activity confirmations or fraud alerts.


4.
SHARING &amp.
DISCLOSURE

4.1 Advertising and Social Media.
Sharing With Your Consent.
Where you have provided consent, we share your information, including personal information, as described at the time of consent, such as when you authorize a third party application or website to access your Airbnb Account or when you participate in promotional activities conducted by Airbnb partners or third parties.
Where permissible according to applicable law we may use certain limited personal information about you, such as your email address, to hash it and to share it with social media platforms, such as Facebook or Google, to generate leads, drive traffic to our websites or otherwise promote our products and services or the Airbnb Platform.
These processing activities are based on our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or services that may be if your interest.
The social media platforms with which we may share your personal information are not controlled or supervised by Airbnb.
Therefore, any questions regarding how your social media platform service provider processes your personal information should be directed to such provider.
Please note that you may, at any time ask Airbnb to cease processing your data for these direct marketing purposes by sending an e-mail to opt-out@airbnb.com.

4.2
Sharing between Members.
To help facilitate bookings or other interactions between Members, we may need to share certain information, including personal information, with other Members, as it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, as follows:

When you as a Guest submit a booking request, certain information about you is shared with the Host (and Co-Host, if applicable), including your profile, full name, the full name of any additional Guests, your cancellation history, and other information you agree to share.
When your booking is confirmed, we will disclose additional information to assist with coordinating the trip, like your phone number.
When you as a Host (or Co-Host, if applicable) have a confirmed booking, certain information is shared with the Guest (and the additional Guests they may invite, if applicable) to coordinate the booking, such as your profile, full name, phone number, and Accommodation or Experience address.
When you as a Host invite another Member to become a Co-Host, you authorize the Co-Host to access and update your information and Member Content, including but not limited to certain information like your full name, phone number, Accommodation address, calendar, Listing information, Listing photos, and email address.
When you as a Guest invite additional Guests to a booking, your full name, travel dates, Host name, Listing details, the Accommodation address, and other related information will be shared with each additional Guest.
When you as a Guest initiate a Group Payment Booking Request certain information about each participant such as first name, last initial, profile picture as well as the booking details is shared among all participants of the Group Payment Booking Request.

We don’t share your billing and payout information with other Members.

4.3
Profiles, Listings, and other Public Information.

The Airbnb Platform lets you publish information, including personal information, that is visible to the general public.
For example:

Parts of your public profile page, such as your first name, your description, and city, are publicly visible to others.
Listing pages are publicly visible and include information such as the Accommodation or Experience’s approximate location (neighborhood and city) or precise location (where you have provided your consent), Listing description, calendar availability, your public profile photo, aggregated demand information (like page views over a period of time), and any additional information you choose to share.
After completing a booking, Guests and Hosts may write Reviews and rate each other.
Reviews and Ratings are a part of your public profile page and may also be surfaced elsewhere on the Airbnb Platform (such as the Listing page).
If you submit content in a community or discussion forum, blog or social media post, or use a similar feature on the Airbnb Platform, that content is publicly visible.

Based on our legitimate interest to promote the Airbnb Platform we may display parts of the Airbnb Platform (e.g., your Listing page) on sites operated by Airbnb’s business partners, using technologies such as widgets or APIs.
If your Listings are displayed on a partner’s site, information from your public profile page may also be displayed.
Information you share publicly on the Airbnb Platform may be indexed through third party search engines.
In some cases, you may opt-out of this feature in your Account settings.
If you change your settings or your public-facing content, these search engines may not update their databases.
We do not control the practices of third party search engines, and they may use caches containing your outdated information.

4.4
Additional Services by Hosts.

Hosts may need to use third party services available through the Airbnb Platform to assist with managing their Accommodation or providing additional services requested by you, such as cleaning services or lock providers.
Hosts may use features on the Airbnb Platform to share information about the Guest (like check-in and check-out dates, Guest name, Guest phone number) with such third party service providers for the purposes of coordinating the stay, managing the Accommodation, or providing other services.
Hosts are responsible for third party service providers they use and ensuring those service providers process Guest information securely and in compliance with applicable law including data privacy and data protection laws.

4.5
Compliance with Law, Responding to Legal Requests, Preventing Harm and Protection of our Rights.

Airbnb and Airbnb Payments may disclose your information, including personal information, to courts, law enforcement, governmental authorities, tax authorities, or authorized third parties, if and to the extent we are required or permitted to do so by law or if such disclosure is reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with our legal obligations, (ii) to comply with a valid legal request or to respond to claims asserted against Airbnb, (iii) to respond to a valid legal request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other of our users to legal liability (See more information on Airbnb’s Law Enforcement Guidelines here), (iv) to enforce and administer our Terms of Service, the Payment Terms or other agreements with Members, or (v) to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Airbnb, its employees, its Members, or members of the public.
For example, if permitted due to the forgoing circumstances, Host tax information may be shared with tax authorities or other governmental agencies.
These disclosures may be necessary to comply with our legal obligations, for the protection of your or another person's vital interests or for the purposes of our or a third party’s legitimate interest in keeping the Airbnb Platform secure, preventing harm or crime, enforcing or defending legal rights, facilitating the collection of taxes and prevention of tax fraud or preventing damage.
Where appropriate, we may notify Members about legal requests unless: (i) providing notice is prohibited by the legal process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable law, or (ii) we believe that providing notice would be futile, ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an individual or group, or create or increase a risk of fraud upon Airbnb’s property, its Members and the Airbnb Platform.
In instances where we comply with legal requests without notice for these reasons, we may attempt to notify that Member about the request after the fact where appropriate and where we determine in good faith that we are no longer prevented from doing so.

4.6 Service Providers.

Airbnb and Airbnb Payments uses a variety of third-party service providers to help us provide services related to the Airbnb Platform and the Payment Services.
Service providers may be located inside or outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
In particular, our service providers are based in Europe, India, Asia Pacific and North and South America.
For example, service providers may help us: (i) verify your identity or authenticate your identification documents, (ii) check information against public databases, (iii) conduct background or police checks, fraud prevention, and risk assessment, (iv) perform product development, maintenance and debugging, (v) allow the provision of the Airbnb Services through third party platforms and software tools (e.g.
through the integration with our APIs), (vi) provide customer service, advertising, or payments services, or (vii) process, handle or assess insurance claims or other similar claims (such as claims under the Airbnb Host Guarantee).
These providers have limited access to your personal information to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are contractually bound to protect the personal information and only use the personal information in accordance with our instructions .
Airbnb and the Airbnb Payments will need to share your information, including personal information, in order to ensure the adequate performance of our contract with you.

4.7 Corporate Affiliates.

To enable or support us in providing the Airbnb Platform and the Payment Services, we may share your information, including personal information, within our corporate family of companies (both financial and non-financial entities) that are related by common ownership or control.


Sharing with Airbnb, Inc. Even if your country of residence is not the United States, your information may be shared with Airbnb, Inc.
which provides the technical infrastructure for the Airbnb Platform, product development and maintenance, customer support, trust and safety and other business operation services to other Airbnb entities.
The data sharing is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us and is based on our legitimate interests in providing the Airbnb Platform globally.

Sharing with Airbnb Payments. In order to facilitate payments on or through the Airbnb Platform, certain information as described above in “Information that is necessary for the use of the Payment Services” section above, may be shared with the relevant Airbnb Payments entity.
The data sharing is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us.

Sharing with Airbnb Ireland. If your country of residence is the United States, some of your information may be shared with Airbnb Ireland when you create a Listing or when you book a Host Service located outside of the United States (other than in China).
The information shared in these circumstances may include: (i) your name, e-mail address and phone number, (ii) information relating to the Listing or Host Service, including its address, (iii) booking information for the Listing or Host Service, including but not limited to booking dates and payment amounts, and (iv) the names, nationalities, and identification details (including passport/national ID numbers and expiry dates) of any Guests.
Additionally, when you send a message to a Host or Guest outside of the United States (other than China), your first name, profile picture and message content sent via the Airbnb Platform will be shared with Airbnb Ireland.
The data sharing is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us.

Sharing with Airbnb GSL.
Even if your country of residence is not Japan, some of your information will be shared with Airbnb GSL in the following circumstances:

Creating a Listing.
If you create a Listing in Japan: (i) your name, phone number, gender, birth date, email address, information relating to where you live and work details on your profile page, (ii) information relating to the Listing (e.g., address, government notification numbers, permit details or other information), (iii) booking information relating to the Listing, such as Guest details as set out below in Host Services, booking dates, and payment amounts, (vi) details (if any) of the payout method associated with the Listing, and (v) messages between you and prospective and confirmed Guests at the Listing.
Host Services.
If you book a Host Service located in Japan: (i) your name, phone number, gender, birth date, email address, information relating to where you live and your work on your profile page, IP address in relation to the transaction, (ii) booking dates, (iii) messages between the Host and you or other Guests on the same booking, (iv) details (if any) of the payment method used by any Guests for booking the Host Service, and (v) the names and identification detail (if available) of any Guests.
Sending Messages.
If you send a message to a Host in relation to that Host’s Listing in Japan, your first name, profile picture and message content.


The data sharing is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us to enable you to list or book Host Services in Japan and communicate with Members in Japan.


Sharing with Airbnb China.
Even if your country of residence is not China, some of your information will be shared with Airbnb China in the following circumstances:

Creating a Listing.
If you create a Listing in China, information shared includes: (i) your name, phone number, email address, and passport/ID details, (ii) information relating to the Listing (e.g., address), (iii) booking information relating to the Listing, such as Guest details as set out below in Host Services, booking dates, and payment amounts, and (iv) messages between you and prospective and confirmed Guests at the Listing.
Host Services.
If you book a Host Service located in China, information shared includes: (i) your name, phone number, and email address (ii) booking dates, (iii) messages between the Host and you or other Guests on the same booking, and (iv) the names, nationalities, and identification details (including passport/national ID numbers and expiry dates) of any Guests.
Sending Messages.
If you send a message to a Host in relation to that Host’s Listing in China, information shared includes: your first name, profile picture and message content.


The data sharing is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us to enable you to list or book Host Services in China and communicate with Members in China.
Where required under law and you have expressly granted permission, Airbnb China may disclose your information to Chinese government agencies without further notice to you.
We’ll notify you in advance in the above situations, and in specific situations where we apply any practices that differ from what is described in this Privacy Policy (including practices pertaining to disclosures to government agencies).
Additionally, we share your information, including personal information, with our corporate affiliates in order to support and integrate, promote, and to improve the Airbnb Platform and our affiliates’ services.

4.8 Collection and Remittance of Occupancy Taxes.

In jurisdictions where Airbnb facilitates the Collection and Remittance of Occupancy Taxes as described in the “Taxes” section of the Terms of Service, Hosts and Guests, where legally permissible according to applicable law, expressly grant us permission, without further notice, to disclose Hosts’ and Guests’ data and other information relating to them or to their transactions, bookings, Accommodations and Occupancy Taxes to the relevant tax authority, including, but not limited to, the Host’s or Guest’s name, Listing addresses, transaction dates and amounts, tax identification number(s), the amount of taxes received (or due) by Hosts from Guests, and contact information.

4.9 Government Registration.

In jurisdictions where Airbnb facilitates or requires a registration, notification, permit, or license application of a Host with a local governmental authority through the Airbnb Platform in accordance with local law, we may share information of participating Hosts with the relevant authority, both during the application process and, if applicable, periodically thereafter, such as the Host’s full name and contact details, Accommodation address, tax identification number, Listing details, and number of nights booked.

4.10 Information Provided to Enterprise Customers.

If you have linked your Airbnb Account to the Airbnb Account of a company or other organization (an “Enterprise”), added your work email address, or have a booking facilitated via another party (such as the future employer or other entity) or used a coupon in a similar capacity in connection with an Enterprise (such as using a coupon to pay for an accommodation for an enterprise related event like employment onboarding, orientation, meetings, etc.) through one of our Enterprise products, that Enterprise will have access to your name, contact details, permissions and roles, and other information as required to enable use by you and the Enterprise of such Enterprise products.

4.11 Host Information Provided to Airbnb for Work Customers.

If a booking is designated as being for business purposes and made by a Guest affiliated with an Enterprise, and the Enterprise is enrolled in our Airbnb for Work , such as a booking made for business purposes using a coupon provided by an Enterprise, we may disclose information related to the booking to the Enterprise, such as the name of the Host, the Accommodation address, booking dates, pricing, Listing details, and other related information, to the extent necessary for the adequate performance of Airbnb’s contract with the Enterprise and to provide the services.
.
At the request of the Enterprise or the Guest, we may also share this information with third parties engaged by the Enterprise to provide travel management, travel planning, financial reporting, personnel management, crisis management, or other services.

4.12 Guest Information Provided to Airbnb for Work Customers.

If you have linked your Airbnb Account with an Enterprise, and you are included on a booking designated as being for business purposes, we may disclose information related to the booking to the Enterprise to the extent necessary for the adequate performance of Airbnb’s contract with the Enterprise.
Typically, this includes information related to the booking, such as your name, dates of the booking, number of guests, pricing, Listing details, the Accommodation address, and other related information.
At the request of you or your Enterprise, we may also disclose this information to service providers engaged by it, such as companies that provide travel management, financial reporting, personnel management, crisis management, or other services.
In the event of a dispute, emergency, or similar situation involving a booking identified as being for business purposes, Airbnb may also share additional relevant information it believes is necessary to safely and quickly address the situation.

4.13 Programs with Managers and Owners.

We may share personal information and booking information with landlords, management companies, and/or property owners in order to facilitate programs with these partners.
For example, guest booking and personal information may be shared with owners and property managers of the building, complex, or planned community where a host lives and/or the listing is to facilitate hosting services, security, billing, and other services that may be provided.

4.14 Business Transfers.

If Airbnb undertakes or is involved in any merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or insolvency event, then we may sell, transfer or share some or all of our assets, including your information in connection with such transaction or in contemplation of such transaction (e.g., due diligence).
In this event, we will notify you before your personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

4.15 Aggregated Data.

We may also share aggregated information (information about our users that we combine together so that it no longer identifies or references an individual user) and other anonymized information for regulatory compliance, industry and market analysis, research, demographic profiling, marketing and advertising, and other business purposes.
5.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION

5.1 Analyzing your Communications.

We may review, scan, or analyze your communications on the Airbnb Platform for fraud prevention, risk assessment, regulatory compliance, investigation, product development, research, analytics, and customer support purposes.
For example, as part of our fraud prevention efforts, we scan and analyze messages to mask contact information and references to other websites.
In some cases, we may also scan, review, or analyze messages to debug, improve, and expand product offerings.
We use automated methods where reasonably possible.
However, occasionally we may need to manually review some communications, such as for fraud investigations and customer support, or to assess and improve the functionality of these automated tools.
We will not review, scan, or analyze your messaging communications to send third party marketing messages to you, and we will not sell reviews or analyses of these communications.
These activities are carried out based on Airbnb's legitimate interest in ensuring compliance with applicable laws and our Terms, preventing fraud, promoting safety, and improving and ensuring the adequate performance of our services.

5.2 Linking Third Party Accounts.

You may link your Airbnb Account with your account at a third party social networking service.
Your contacts on these third party services are referred to as “Friends.” When you create this link:

some of the information you provide to us from the linking of your accounts may be published on your Airbnb Account profile;
your activities on the Airbnb Platform may be displayed to your Friends on the Airbnb Platform and/or that third party site;
a link to your public profile on that third party social networking service may be included in your Airbnb public profile;
other Airbnb users may be able to see any common Friends that you may have with them, or that you are a Friend of their Friend if applicable;
other Airbnb users may be able to see any schools, hometowns or other groups you have in common with them as listed on your linked social networking service;
the information you provide to us from the linking of your accounts may be stored, processed and transmitted for fraud prevention and risk assessment purposes.
and
the publication and display of information that you provide to Airbnb through this linkage is subject to your settings and authorizations on the Airbnb Platform and the third party site.

We only collect your information from linked third party accounts to the extent necessary to ensure the adequate performance of our contract with you, or to ensure that we comply with applicable laws, or with your consent.

5.3 Third Party Partners &amp.
Integrations

The Airbnb Platform may contain links to third party websites or services, such as third party integrations, co-branded services, or third party-branded services (“Third Party Partners”).
Airbnb doesn’t own or control these Third Party Partners and when you interact with them, you may be providing information directly to the Third Party Partner, Airbnb, or both.
These Third Party Partners will have their own rules about the collection, use, and disclosure of information.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of the other websites you visit.
Parts of the Airbnb Platform may use third party services such as Google Maps/Earth services, including the Google Maps API(s), and Citibank for Airbnb Payments.
Use of these respective services is subject to their privacy policies such as Google Maps/Earth Additional Terms of Use, and the Google Privacy Policy, Citi Privacy Policy.
6.
YOUR RIGHTS
Consistent with applicable law, you may exercise any of the rights described in this section before your applicable Airbnb Data Controller and Payments Data Controller.
See here for information on data subject rights requests and how to submit a request.
.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity and request before taking further action on your request.

6.1 Managing Your Information.

You may access and update some of your information through your Account settings.
If you have chosen to connect your Airbnb Account to a third-party application, like Facebook or Google, you can change your settings and remove permission for the app by changing your Account settings.
You are responsible for keeping your personal information up-to-date.

6.2 Rectification of Inaccurate or Incomplete Information.

You have the right to ask us to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information about you (and which you cannot update yourself within your Airbnb Account).

6.3 Data Access and Portability.

In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to request certain copies of your personal information held by us.
You may also be entitled to request copies of personal information that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and/or request us to transmit this information to another service provider (where technically feasible).

6.4 Data Retention and Erasure.

We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations.
In certain jurisdictions, you can request to have all your personal information deleted entirely." Please note that if you request the erasure of your personal information:

We may retain some of your personal information as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety.
For example, if we suspend an Airbnb Account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that Airbnb Account to prevent that Member from opening a new Airbnb Account in the future.
We may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
For example, Airbnb and Airbnb Payments may keep some of your information for tax, legal reporting and auditing obligations.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., Reviews, forum postings) may continue to be publicly visible on the Airbnb Platform, even after your Airbnb Account is cancelled.
However, attribution of such information to you will be removed.
Additionally, some copies of your information (e.g., log records) may remain in our database, but are disassociated from personal identifiers.
Because we maintain the Airbnb Platform to protect from accidental or malicious loss and destruction, residual copies of your personal information may not be removed from our backup systems for a limited period of time.


6.5 Withdrawing Consent and Restriction of Processing.

If we are processing your personal information based on your consent you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your Account settings or by sending a communication to Airbnb specifying which consent you are withdrawing.
Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal.
Additionally, in some jurisdictions, applicable law may give you the right to limit the ways in which we use your personal information, in particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal information.
(ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information.
(iii) we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
or (iv) you have objected to the processing pursuant to Section 6.6 and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of Airbnb override your own.

6.6 Objection to Processing.

In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to require Airbnb and Airbnb Payments not to process your personal information for certain specific purposes (including profiling) where such processing is based on legitimate interest.
If you object to such processing Airbnb and/or Airbnb Payments will no longer process your personal information for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Where your personal information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you may, at any time ask Airbnb to cease processing your data for these direct marketing purposes by sending an e-mail to opt-out@airbnb.com.

6.7 Lodging Complaints.

You have the right to lodge complaints about our data processing activities by filing a complaint with our Data Protection Officer who can be reached by the “Contact Us” section below or with a supervisory authority.
7.
OPERATING GLOBALLY &amp.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
To facilitate our global operations Airbnb and Airbnb Payments may transfer, store, and process your information within our family of companies, partners, and service providers based in Europe, India, Asia Pacific and North and South America.
Laws in these countries may differ from the laws applicable to your country of residence.
For example, information collected within the EEA may be transferred, stored, and processed outside of the EEA for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Where we transfer store, and process your personal information outside of the EEA we have ensured that appropriate safeguards are in place to ensure an adequate level of data protection.

7.1 EU-US &amp.
Swiss-US Privacy Shield.

Airbnb and Airbnb Payments comply with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States, respectively.
Airbnb has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Under the Privacy Shield Framework, Airbnb and Airbnb Payments are subject to the authority of the Federal Trade Commission.
If you have any questions or concerns relating to our Privacy Shield certification, contact us at Airbnb, Inc., Legal Department, 888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 or via email.
If we are not able to resolve your concern, you may also contact your European Data Protection Authority or Commission or seek assistance from our designated Privacy Shield independent recourse mechanism, JAMS.
In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to pursue binding arbitration through the Privacy Shield Framework, as described in Annex I to the Privacy Shield Principles.
If we have received your personal information under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfer it to a third party service provider for processing as described in this Privacy Policy, we will remain responsible if these providers process your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, except where we can establish that Airbnb or Airbnb Payments was not responsible for the violation.

7.2 Other Means to Ensure an Adequate Level of Data Protection.

If Airbnb Ireland is the Data Controller and your information is shared with corporate affiliates or third party service providers outside the EEA, we have (prior to sharing your information with such corporate affiliate or third party service provider) established the necessary means to ensure an adequate level of data protection.
This may be an adequacy decision of the European Commission confirming an adequate level of data protection in the respective non-EEA country or an agreement on the basis of the EU Model Clauses (a set of clauses issued by the European Commission).
We will provide further information on the means to ensure an adequate level of data protection on request.

7.3 California &amp.
Vermont Residents.

Airbnb Payments will not share information it collects about you with its affiliates or third parties (both financial and non-financial), except as required or permitted by your state’s law.

7.4 California Privacy Rights.

California law permits Members who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those third parties.
See the “Contact Us” section for where to send such requests.
Airbnb and Airbnb Payments do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes without your prior consent.
Accordingly, you can prevent disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes by withholding consent.
Effective January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) allows California residents, upon a verifiable consumer request, to request that a business that collects consumers’ personal information to give consumers access, in a portable and (if technically feasible) readily usable form, to the specific pieces and categories of personal information that the business has collected about the consumer, the categories of sources for that information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting the information, and the categories of third parties with which the information was shared.
California residents also have the right to submit a request for deletion of information under certain circumstances.
Consistent with California law, if you choose to exercise your rights, we won’t charge you different prices or provide different quality of services unless those differences are related to your information.
See here for information on data subject rights requests and how to submit a request.
Please note that you must verify your identity and request before further action is taken.
As a part of this process, government identification may be required.
Consistent with California law, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.
In order to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must provide a valid power of attorney, the requester’s valid government government issued identification, and the authorized agent’s valid government issued identification.
We do not sell personal information to third parties.
We do allow third parties to collect personal information through our Service and share personal information with third parties for the business purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including without limitation advertising and marketing on our Service and elsewhere based on users’ online activities over time and across different sites, services, and devices.
8.
SECURITY
We are continuously implementing and updating administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your information against unauthorized access, loss, destruction, or alteration.
Some of the safeguards we use to protect your information are firewalls and data encryption, and information access controls.
If you know or have reason to believe that your Airbnb Account credentials have been lost, stolen, misappropriated, or otherwise compromised or in case of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your Airbnb Account, please contact us following the instructions in the Contact Us section below.
9.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Airbnb reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time in accordance with this provision.
If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the revised Privacy Policy on the Airbnb Platform and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
We will also provide you with notice of the modification by email at least thirty (30) days before the date they become effective.
If you disagree with the revised Privacy Policy, you may cancel your Account.
If you do not cancel your Account before the date the revised Privacy Policy becomes effective, your continued access to or use of the Airbnb Platform will be subject to the revised Privacy Policy.
10.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or Airbnb’s information handling practices, you may email us at the email addresses provided in the relevant sections above or contact us via mail at:

For persons whose country of residence is the United States: Airbnb, Inc., Legal Department, 888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 USA.
For payments-related matters prior to April 30, 2018: Airbnb Payments, Inc., 999 Brannan Street, 4th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.
For payments-related matters after April 30, 2018 at 8AM UTC: Airbnb Payments, Inc.
650 7th Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.
For persons whose country of residence is Japan: Airbnb Global Services Limited, Legal Department, 8 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2.
Ireland.
For persons whose country of residence is India for payments-related matters: Airbnb Payments India Pvt.
or Airbnb Payments UK Ltd, depending on which entity is the applicable Payments Data Controller.
Airbnb Payments India Pvt.
Ltd., Level 9, Spaze i-Tech Park, A1 Tower, Sector-49, Sohna Road, Gurugram India 122018.
Airbnb Payments UK Ltd: Data Protection Officer, Suite 1, 3rd Floor, 11-12 St.
James’s Square, London SW1Y 4LB United Kingdom.
For persons whose country of residence is Australia for payments-related matters: Airbnb Payments UK Ltd or Airbnb Payments Australia Pty.
Ltd., depending on which entity is the applicable Payments Data Controller.
Airbnb Payments UK Ltd: Data Protection Officer, Suite 1, 3rd Floor, 11-12 St.
James’s Square, London SW1Y 4LB United Kingdom.
Airbnb Payments Australia Pty.
Ltd: 58 Gipps Street, Collingwood VIC 3066, Australia.
For persons whose country of residence is outside of the United States, China and Japan: Airbnb Ireland UC, Data Protection Officer, 8 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland and for payments-related matters (except for persons whose country of residence is India): Airbnb Payments UK Ltd., Data Protection Officer, Suite 1, 3rd Floor, 11-12 St.
James’s Square, London SW1Y 4LB United Kingdom.
For persons whose country of residence is in the European Union for payments-related matters and if the data controller is Airbnb Payments Luxembourg S.A.: Airbnb Payments Luxembourg S.A., 4, rue Henri Schnadt, L-2530 Luxembourg.
 Airbnb Privacy Policy
Last Updated: January 21, 2019
TABLE OF CONTENTS:


INTRODUCTION


INFORMATION WE COLLECT


HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT


SHARING &amp.
DISCLOSURE


OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION


YOUR RIGHTS


OPERATING GLOBALLY &amp.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS


SECURITY


CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY


CONTACT US


1.
INTRODUCTION
Thank you for using Airbnb! Your trust is important to us and we’re committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information.
The information that’s shared with us helps us to provide a great experience with Airbnb.
We have a dedicated privacy team that’s committed to protecting all the personal information we collect and help ensure that personal information is handled properly worldwide.

This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, process, and disclose your personal information, in conjunction with your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform and the Payment Services.
This privacy policy describes our privacy practices for all websites, platforms and services that link to it.
Please read the privacy policy on the applicable site.

1.1 Definitions

If you see an undefined term in this Privacy Policy (such as “Listing” or “Airbnb Platform”), it has the same definition as in our Terms of Service (“Terms”).


1.2 Data Controller

When this policy mentions “Airbnb,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to the Airbnb company that is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy (the “Data Controller”).

If your country of residence is the United States, the Data Controller is Airbnb, Inc.
If your country of residence is outside of the United States, the People’s Republic of China which for purposes of this Privacy Policy does not include Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan (“China”) and Japan, the Data Controller is Airbnb Ireland UC (“Airbnb Ireland”).
If your country of residence is China, and you (a) book a Host Service located outside of China or (b) create a Listing located outside of China, the Data Controller is Airbnb Ireland for that transaction and this Privacy Policy will apply.
If your country of residence is Japan, the Data Controller is Airbnb Global Services Limited (“Airbnb GSL”), except where you book a Host Service located outside of Japan or create a Listing located outside of Japan, in which case the Data Controller is Airbnb Ireland for that transaction.
Additionally, if you reside in Japan, Airbnb Ireland will be the Data Controller for all bookings confirmed prior to June 13, 2018 at 3PM UTC.


1.3 Applicability to Payments

This Privacy Policy also applies to the Payment Services provided to you by Airbnb Payments pursuant to the Payments Terms of Service (“Payments Terms”).
When using the Payment Services, you will be also providing your information, including personal information, to one or more Airbnb Payments entities, which will also be the Data Controller (the "Payments Data Controller") of your information related to the Payment Services, generally depending on your country of residence.

If your country of residence is the United States, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments, Inc.
(a subsidiary of Airbnb, Inc.).
If your country of residence is China, and you (a) book a Host Service located outside of China, or (b) create a Listing located outside of China, or (c) book a Host Service in China with a Host who is not a resident of China, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments UK Ltd.
(“Airbnb Payments UK”) for that transaction and this Privacy Policy will apply.
If your country of residence is India, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments India, except in the following circumstances: - if you book a Host Service located outside of India.
- if you create a Listing outside of India, in which case, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments UK.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this clause, if you create a Listing in India, and: - accept a booking from a Guest who is a resident of India, regardless of your country of residence, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments India.
or - accept a booking from a Guest who is not a resident of India, regardless of your country of residence, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments UK.

If your country of residence is Australia, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments UK, except if you book a Host Service located in or outside of Australia, which is confirmed after January 9, 2019 at 1:00 AM UTC, in which case, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments Australia Pty.
Ltd.
(“Airbnb Payments Australia”) for that transaction.
If your country of residence is in the European Union, the Payment Data Controller is Airbnb Payments UK.
On or after March 25, 2019, any change of the Payment Data Controller to Airbnb Payments Luxembourg S.A., if any, will be notified to you at the time of checkout or by other appropriate means.
If your country of residence is outside of the United States, China, India and Australia, the Payments Data Controller is Airbnb Payments UK.

If you change your country of residence, the Data Controller and/or Payments Data Controller will be determined by your new country of residence as specified above, from the date on which your country of residence changes.
To this end the Data Controller and/or Payment Data Controller that originally collected your personal information will need to transfer such personal information to the new applicable Data Controller and/or Payments Data Controller due to the fact that such transfer is necessary for the performance of the contractual relationship with you.
Please see the Contact Us section below for contact details of the Data Controllers and Payments Data Controllers.
2.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
There are three general categories of information we collect.

2.1 Information You Give to Us.


2.1.1 Information that is necessary for the use of the Airbnb Platform.

We ask for and collect the following personal information about you when you use the Airbnb Platform.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us and to allow us to comply with our legal obligations.
Without it, we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services.


Account Information.
When you sign up for an Airbnb Account, we require certain information such as your first name, last name, email address, and date of birth.

Profile and Listing Information.
To use certain features of the Airbnb Platform (such as booking or creating a Listing), we may ask you to provide additional information, which may include your address, phone number, and a profile picture.

Identity Verification Information.
To help create and maintain a trusted environment, we may collect identity verification information (such as images of your government issued ID, passport, national ID card, or driving license, as permitted by applicable laws) or other authentication information.
To learn more, see our Help Center article about providing identification on Airbnb.

Payment Information.
To use certain features of the Airbnb Platform (such as booking or creating a Listing), we may require you to provide certain financial information (like your bank account or credit card information) in order to facilitate the processing of payments (via Airbnb Payments).

Communications with Airbnb and other Members.
When you communicate with Airbnb or use the Airbnb Platform to communicate with other Members, we collect information about your communication and any information you choose to provide.


2.1.2 Information you choose to give us.

You may choose to provide us with additional personal information in order to obtain a better user experience when using Airbnb Platform.
This additional information will be processed based on our legitimate interest or when applicable, your consent.


Additional Profile Information.
You may choose to provide additional information as part of your Airbnb profile (such as gender, preferred language(s), city, and a personal description).
Some of this information as indicated in your Account settings is part of your public profile page, and will be publicly visible to others.

Address Book Contact Information.
You may choose to import your address book contacts or enter your contacts’ information manually to access certain features of the Airbnb Platform, like inviting them to use Airbnb.

Other Information.
You may otherwise choose to provide us information when you fill in a form, update or add information to your Airbnb Account, respond to surveys, post to community forums, participate in promotions, communicate with our customer care team, share your experience with us (such as through Host Stories), or use other features of the Airbnb Platform.


2.1.3 Information that is necessary for the use of the Payment Services.

The Payments Data Controller needs to collect the following information necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you and to comply with applicable law (such as anti-money laundering regulations).
Without it, you will not be able to use Payment Services:


Payment Information.
When you use the Payment Services, the Payments Data Controller requires certain financial information (like your bank account or credit card information) in order to process payments and comply with applicable law.

Identity Verification and Other Information.
If you are a Host, the Payments Data Controller may require identity verification information (such as images of your government issued ID, passport, national ID card, or driving license) or other authentication information, your date of birth, your address, email address, phone number and other information in order to verify your identity, provide the Payment Services to you, and to comply with applicable law.


2.1.4 Information We Automatically Collect from Your Use of the Airbnb Platform and Payment Services.

When you use the Airbnb Platform and the Payment Services, we automatically collect personal information about the services you use and how you use them.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, to enable us to comply with legal obligations and given our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the functionalities of the Airbnb Platform and Payment Services.


Geo-location Information.
When you use certain features of the Airbnb Platform, we may collect information about your precise or approximate location as determined through data such as your IP address or mobile device’s GPS to offer you an improved user experience.
Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable the use of location services for applications in the device’s settings menu.
Airbnb may also collect this information even when you are not using the app if this connection is enabled through your settings or device permissions.

Usage Information.
We collect information about your interactions with the Airbnb Platform such as the pages or content you view, your searches for Listings, bookings you have made, and other actions on the Airbnb Platform.

Log Data and Device Information.
We automatically collect log data and device information when you access and use the Airbnb Platform, even if you have not created an Airbnb Account or logged in.
That information includes, among other things: details about how you’ve used the Airbnb Platform (including if you clicked on links to third party applications), IP address, access dates and times, hardware and software information, device information, device event information, unique identifiers, crash data, cookie data, and the pages you’ve viewed or engaged with before or after using the Airbnb Platform.

Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We use cookies and other similar technologies when you use our platform, use our mobile app, or engage with our online ads or email communications.
We may collect certain information by automated means using technologies such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, browser analysis tools, server logs, and mobile identifiers.
In many cases the information we collect using cookies and other tools is only used in a non-identifiable without reference to personal information.
For example, we may use information we collect to better understand website traffic patterns and to optimize our website experience.
In some cases we associate the information we collect using cookies and other technology with your personal information.
Our business partners may also use these tracking technologies on the Airbnb Platform or engage others to track your behavior on our behalf.


Pixels and SDKs.
Third parties, including Facebook, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our websites and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads.
For apps, that third parties, including Facebook, may collect or receive information from your app and other apps and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted ads.
Users can opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting by updating their Facebook account ad settings and by contacting opt-out@airbnb.com with a description of your request and validation information.
Users can access a mechanism for exercising such choice by going to http://www.aboutads.info/choices and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
For more information on our use of these technologies, see our Cookie Policy.

Do Not Track Signals.
While you may disable the usage of cookies through your browser settings, the Airbnb Platform currently does not respond to a “Do Not Track” signal in the HTTP header from your browser or mobile application due to lack of standardization regarding how that signal should be interpreted.


Payment Transaction Information.
Airbnb Payments collects information related to your payment transactions through the Airbnb Platform, including the payment instrument used, date and time, payment amount, payment instrument expiration date and billing postcode, PayPal email address, IBAN information, your address and other related transaction details.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and Airbnb Payments and to allow the provision of the Payment Services.


2.1.5 Information We Collect from Third Parties.

Airbnb and Airbnb Payments may collect information, including personal information, that others provide about you when they use the Airbnb Platform and the Payment Services, or obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through the Airbnb Platform and the Payment Services.
We do not control, supervise or respond for how the third parties providing your information process your Personal Information, and any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be directed to such third parties.


Third Party Services.
If you link, connect, or login to your Airbnb Account with a third party service (e.g.
Google, Facebook, WeChat), the third party service may send us information such as your registration, friends list, and profile information from that service.
This information varies and is controlled by that service or as authorized by you via your privacy settings at that service.

Your References.
If someone has written a reference for you, it will be published on your Airbnb public profile page with your consent.
To learn more, see our Help Center article about References.

Background Information.
For Members in the United States, to the extent permitted by applicable laws, Airbnb and Airbnb Payments may obtain reports from public records of criminal convictions or sex offender registrations.
For Members outside of the United States, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and with your consent where required, Airbnb and Airbnb Payments may obtain the local version of police, background or registered sex offender checks.
We may use your information, including your full name and date of birth, to obtain such reports.

Enterprise Product Invitations and Account Management.
Organizations that use our Enterprise products (such a Airbnb for work and programs with property managers and owners) may submit personal information to facilitate account management and invitations to use enterprise products.

Referrals.
 If you are invited to Airbnb, the person who invited you may submit personal information about you such as your email address or other contact information.


Other Sources.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may receive additional information about you, such as demographic data or information to help detect fraud and safety issues, from third party service providers and/or partners, and combine it with information we have about you.
For example, we may receive background check results (with your consent where required) or fraud warnings from service providers like identity verification services for our fraud prevention and risk assessment efforts.
We may receive information about you and your activities on and off the Airbnb Platform through partnerships, or about your experiences and interactions from our partner ad networks.


2.2
Children’s Data.

Our websites and applications are not directed to children under 16 and we do not knowingly collect any personal information directly from children under 16.
If you believe that we processing the personal information pertaining to a child inappropriately, we take this very seriously and urge you to contact us using the information provided under the “Contact Us” section below.
3.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may use, store, and process personal information to (1) provide, understand, improve, and develop the Airbnb Platform, (2) create and maintain a trusted and safer environment (such as to comply with our legal obligations and ensure compliance with Airbnb Policies) and (3) provide, personalize, measure, and improve our advertising and marketing.

3.1
Provide, Improve, and Develop the Airbnb Platform.
We may use the personal information to provide, improve, and develop the Airbnb Platform such as to:

enable you to access and use the Airbnb Platform,
enable you to communicate with other Members,
operate, protect, improve, and optimize the Airbnb Platform and experience, such as by performing analytics and conducting research,
provide customer service,
send you service or support messages, updates, security alerts, and account notifications,
if you provide us with your contacts’ information, we may process this information: (i) to facilitate your referral invitations, (ii) send your requests for references, (iii) for fraud detection and prevention, and (iv) for any purpose you authorize at the time of collection,
to operate, protect, improve, and optimize the Airbnb Platform and experience, and personalize and customize your experience (such as making Listing suggestions, ranking search results), and facilitate claims with our Host Guarantee, Host Protection Insurance, Experience Protection Insurance or other similar host protection programs, we conduct profiling based on your interactions with the Airbnb Platform, your search and booking history, your profile information and preferences, and other content you submit to the Airbnb Platform, and
enable your use of our enterprise products.

We process this personal information for these purposes given our legitimate interest in improving the Airbnb Platform and our Members’ experience with it, and where it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you.

3.2
Create and Maintain a Trusted and Safer Environment.
We may use the personal information to create and maintain a trusted and safer environment such as to:

detect and prevent fraud, spam, abuse, security incidents, and other harmful activity,
conduct security investigations and risk assessments,
verify or authenticate information or identifications provided by you (such as to verify your Accommodation address or compare your identification photo to another photo you provide),
conduct checks against databases and other information sources, including background or police checks, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and with your consent where required,
comply with our legal obligations,
Resolve any disputes with any of our Members and enforce our agreements with third parties,
enforce our Terms of Service and other policies, and
in connection with the activities above, we may conduct profiling based on your interactions with the Airbnb Platform, your profile information and other content you submit to the Airbnb Platform, and information obtained from third parties.
In limited cases, automated processes may restrict or suspend access to the Airbnb Platform if such processes detect activity that we think poses a safety or other risk to the Airbnb Platform, our community, or third parties.
If you challenge the decisioning based on the automated process, please contact us as provided in the Contact Us section below.

We process this personal information for these purposes given our legitimate interest in protecting the Airbnb Platform, to measure the adequate performance of our contract with you, and to comply with applicable laws.

3.3
Provide, Personalize, Measure, and Improve our Advertising and Marketing.
We may use the personal information to provide, personalize, measure, and improve our advertising and marketing such as to:

send you promotional messages, marketing, advertising, and other information that may be of interest to you based on your preferences (including information about Airbnb or partner campaigns and services) and social media advertising through social media platforms such as Facebook or Google),
personalize, measure, and improve our advertising,
Administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by Airbnb or its third party partners,
conduct profiling on your characteristics and preferences (based on the information you provide to us, your interactions with the Airbnb Platform, information obtained from third parties, and your search and booking history) to send you promotional messages, marketing, advertising and other information that we think may be of interest to you,
enrolling in an email subscription will not affect the frequency of administrative emails that we may send in connection with any Airbnb Account.
No fee is charged for sending promotional emails to you, but third-party data rates may apply.
Note that you may not be able to take advantage of certain promotions if you do not have an Airbnb Account, and
invite you to events and relevant opportunities (for example, when you share your Host story, we may use the information provided to reach out to you to invite you to relevant events).


We will process your personal information for the purposes listed in this section given our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or services that may be of your interest.


3.4 How the Payments Data Controller uses the Personal Information Collected.
We may use the personal information as a part of Payment services such as to:

Enable you to access and use the Payment Services.
Detect and prevent fraud, abuse, security incidents, and other harmful activity.
Conduct security investigations and risk assessments.
Conduct checks against databases and other information sources.
Comply with legal obligations (such as anti-money laundering regulations).
Enforce the Payment Terms and other payment policies.
With your consent, send you promotional messages, marketing, advertising, and other information that may be of interest to you based on your preferences.

The Payments Data Controller processes this personal information given its legitimate interest in improving the Payment Services and its users’ experience with it, and where it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you and to comply with applicable laws.

3.5
SMS Terms
for U.S.

For text messaging in the United States, by requesting, joining, agreeing to, enrolling in, signing up for, acknowledging, or otherwise consenting to receive one or more text messages (“Opting In”) or using a Airbnb arrangement in which Airbnb sends (or indicates that it may send, or receives a request that it send) one or more text messages (“Text Message Service”), you accept these SMS Terms for U.S.
(“SMS Terms”), consent to the handling of your personal information as described in the Airbnb Privacy Policy, and agree to resolve disputes with Airbnb as described in our Terms of Service.
Message and data rates may apply.


Airbnb will use reasonable commercial efforts to deliver the automated marketing text messages to the number you provide through compatible wireless carriers.
Carriers and Airbnb are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
The short code we use for some Text Message Services may not be supported on all U.S.
carriers.

Opting In

By Opting In to a Text Message Service:

You expressly authorize Airbnb to use autodialer or non-autodialer technology to send text messages to the cell phone number associated with your Opt-In (i.e., the number listed on the Opt-In form or instructions, or, if none, the number from which you send the Opt-In, or, if none, the number on file for your account).
You also authorize Airbnb to include marketing content in any such messages.
You do not have to Opt In or agree to Opt In as a condition of purchase.
You consent to the use of an electronic record to document your Opt-In.
To withdraw that consent, request a free paper or email copy of the Opt-In, or to update our records with your contact information, please contact us via the methods described in the Contact Us section.
To view and retain an electronic copy of these SMS Terms or the rest of your Opt-In, you will need (i) a device (such as a computer or cell phone) with internet access, and (ii) either a printer or storage space on such device.
If you withdraw your consent, certain features of our service may not be available to you.
To update information on how we would contact you electronically, visit your Notification settings in your account settings.
You confirm that you are the subscriber to the relevant phone number or that you are the customary user of that number on a family or business plan and that you are authorized to Opt In.
You consent to the use of an electronic record to document your Opt-In.
To withdraw that consent, update our records with your contact information, please visit your Airbnb account Notifications settings or contact customer support.

 These SMS Terms still will apply if you withdraw the consent mentioned above or opt out of the Text Message Service.

After Opting In, in addition to the main messages the service offers, you may receive one or more welcome messages or administrative messages, such as (in some cases) a request to confirm your Opt-In.

About the Text Message Services and Opting Out

Message and data rates may apply.
Unless otherwise noted, Text Message Services send multiple, recurring messages.
Airbnb may terminate any Text Message Service or your participation in it at any time with or without notice, including, for example, before you have received any or all messages that you otherwise would have received, but these SMS Terms still will apply.
Text STOP to any promotional message to Opt Out or if applicable update your “Notification” settings on your Airbnb account.

For additional help, text HELP in response to a marketing message or contact customer service.

3.6
Your Choices

You have choices on the promotional messages that you choose to receive.

You can limit the information you provide to Airbnb.
Participation in promotions and marketing programs is voluntary.
You can limit the communications that Airbnb sends to you.


To opt-out of marketing emails, simply click the link labeled “unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email we send you or access the notification settings in your Airbnb Account.

To revoke permissions that you may have given to send promotional text messages, text STOP in response to any message.

You can always update your notification settings within your Airbnb Account by visiting the Notifications section of your Airbnb Account.
Please note that even if you opt-out of marketing communications, we may still need to contact you with important transactional information about your account.
For example, even if you opt-out of emails, we may still send you activity confirmations or fraud alerts.


4.
SHARING &amp.
DISCLOSURE

4.1 Advertising and Social Media.
Sharing With Your Consent.
Where you have provided consent, we share your information, including personal information, as described at the time of consent, such as when you authorize a third party application or website to access your Airbnb Account or when you participate in promotional activities conducted by Airbnb partners or third parties.
Where permissible according to applicable law we may use certain limited personal information about you, such as your email address, to hash it and to share it with social media platforms, such as Facebook or Google, to generate leads, drive traffic to our websites or otherwise promote our products and services or the Airbnb Platform.
These processing activities are based on our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or services that may be if your interest.
The social media platforms with which we may share your personal information are not controlled or supervised by Airbnb.
Therefore, any questions regarding how your social media platform service provider processes your personal information should be directed to such provider.
Please note that you may, at any time ask Airbnb to cease processing your data for these direct marketing purposes by sending an e-mail to opt-out@airbnb.com.

4.2
Sharing between Members.
To help facilitate bookings or other interactions between Members, we may need to share certain information, including personal information, with other Members, as it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, as follows:

When you as a Guest submit a booking request, certain information about you is shared with the Host (and Co-Host, if applicable), including your profile, full name, the full name of any additional Guests, your cancellation history, and other information you agree to share.
When your booking is confirmed, we will disclose additional information to assist with coordinating the trip, like your phone number.
When you as a Host (or Co-Host, if applicable) have a confirmed booking, certain information is shared with the Guest (and the additional Guests they may invite, if applicable) to coordinate the booking, such as your profile, full name, phone number, and Accommodation or Experience address.
When you as a Host invite another Member to become a Co-Host, you authorize the Co-Host to access and update your information and Member Content, including but not limited to certain information like your full name, phone number, Accommodation address, calendar, Listing information, Listing photos, and email address.
When you as a Guest invite additional Guests to a booking, your full name, travel dates, Host name, Listing details, the Accommodation address, and other related information will be shared with each additional Guest.
When you as a Guest initiate a Group Payment Booking Request certain information about each participant such as first name, last initial, profile picture as well as the booking details is shared among all participants of the Group Payment Booking Request.

We don’t share your billing and payout information with other Members.

4.3
Profiles, Listings, and other Public Information.

The Airbnb Platform lets you publish information, including personal information, that is visible to the general public.
For example:

Parts of your public profile page, such as your first name, your description, and city, are publicly visible to others.
Listing pages are publicly visible and include information such as the Accommodation or Experience’s approximate location (neighborhood and city) or precise location (where you have provided your consent), Listing description, calendar availability, your public profile photo, aggregated demand information (like page views over a period of time), and any additional information you choose to share.
After completing a booking, Guests and Hosts may write Reviews and rate each other.
Reviews and Ratings are a part of your public profile page and may also be surfaced elsewhere on the Airbnb Platform (such as the Listing page).
If you submit content in a community or discussion forum, blog or social media post, or use a similar feature on the Airbnb Platform, that content is publicly visible.

Based on our legitimate interest to promote the Airbnb Platform we may display parts of the Airbnb Platform (e.g., your Listing page) on sites operated by Airbnb’s business partners, using technologies such as widgets or APIs.
If your Listings are displayed on a partner’s site, information from your public profile page may also be displayed.
Information you share publicly on the Airbnb Platform may be indexed through third party search engines.
In some cases, you may opt-out of this feature in your Account settings.
If you change your settings or your public-facing content, these search engines may not update their databases.
We do not control the practices of third party search engines, and they may use caches containing your outdated information.

4.4
Additional Services by Hosts.

Hosts may need to use third party services available through the Airbnb Platform to assist with managing their Accommodation or providing additional services requested by you, such as cleaning services or lock providers.
Hosts may use features on the Airbnb Platform to share information about the Guest (like check-in and check-out dates, Guest name, Guest phone number) with such third party service providers for the purposes of coordinating the stay, managing the Accommodation, or providing other services.
Hosts are responsible for third party service providers they use and ensuring those service providers process Guest information securely and in compliance with applicable law including data privacy and data protection laws.


4.5
Compliance with Law, Responding to Legal Requests, Preventing Harm and Protection of our Rights.

Airbnb and Airbnb Payments may disclose your information, including personal information, to courts, law enforcement, governmental authorities, tax authorities, or authorized third parties, if and to the extent we are required or permitted to do so by law or if such disclosure is reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with our legal obligations, (ii) to comply with legal process and to respond to claims asserted against Airbnb, (iii) to respond to valid requests relating to a criminal investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other of our users to legal liability, (iv) to enforce and administer our Terms of Service, the Payment Terms or other agreements with Members, or (v) to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Airbnb, its employees, its Members, or members of the public.
For example, Host tax information may be shared with tax authorities or other governmental agencies.
These disclosures may be necessary to comply with our legal obligations, for the protection of your or another person's vital interests or for the purposes of our or a third party’s legitimate interest in keeping the Airbnb Platform secure, preventing harm or crime, enforcing or defending legal rights, facilitating the collection of taxes and prevention of tax fraud or preventing damage.
Where appropriate, we may notify Members about legal requests unless: (i) providing notice is prohibited by the legal process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable law, or (ii) we believe that providing notice would be futile, ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an individual or group, or create or increase a risk of fraud upon Airbnb’s property, its Members and the Airbnb Platform.
In instances where we comply with legal requests without notice for these reasons, we will attempt to notify that Member about the request after the fact where appropriate and where we determine in good faith that we are no longer prevented from doing so.

4.6 Service Providers.

Airbnb and Airbnb Payments uses a variety of third-party service providers to help us provide services related to the Airbnb Platform and the Payment Services.
Service providers may be located inside or outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
In particular, our service providers are based in Europe, India, Asia Pacific and North and South America.
For example, service providers may help us: (i) verify your identity or authenticate your identification documents, (ii) check information against public databases, (iii) conduct background or police checks, fraud prevention, and risk assessment, (iv) perform product development, maintenance and debugging, (v) allow the provision of the Airbnb Services through third party platforms and software tools (e.g.
through the integration with our APIs), (vi) provide customer service, advertising, or payments services, or (vii) process, handle or assess insurance claims or other similar claims (such as claims under the Airbnb Host Guarantee).
These providers have limited access to your personal information to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are contractually bound to protect the personal information and only use the personal information in accordance with our instructions .
Airbnb and the Airbnb Payments will need to share your information, including personal information, in order to ensure the adequate performance of our contract with you.

4.7 Corporate Affiliates.

To enable or support us in providing the Airbnb Platform and the Payment Services, we may share your information, including personal information, within our corporate family of companies (both financial and non-financial entities) that are related by common ownership or control.


Sharing with Airbnb, Inc. Even if your country of residence is not the United States, your information may be shared with Airbnb, Inc.
which provides the technical infrastructure for the Airbnb Platform, product development and maintenance, customer support, trust and safety and other business operation services to other Airbnb entities.
The data sharing is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us and is based on our legitimate interests in providing the Airbnb Platform globally.

Sharing with Airbnb Payments. In order to facilitate payments on or through the Airbnb Platform, certain information as described above in “Information that is necessary for the use of the Payment Services” section above, may be shared with the relevant Airbnb Payments entity.
The data sharing is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us.

Sharing with Airbnb Ireland. If your country of residence is the United States, some of your information may be shared with Airbnb Ireland when you create a Listing or when you book a Host Service located outside of the United States (other than in China).
The information shared in these circumstances may include: (i) your name, e-mail address and phone number, (ii) information relating to the Listing or Host Service, including its address, (iii) booking information for the Listing or Host Service, including but not limited to booking dates and payment amounts, and (iv) the names, nationalities, and identification details (including passport/national ID numbers and expiry dates) of any Guests.
Additionally, when you send a message to a Host or Guest outside of the United States (other than China), your first name, profile picture and message content sent via the Airbnb Platform will be shared with Airbnb Ireland.
The data sharing is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us.

Sharing with Airbnb GSL.
Even if your country of residence is not Japan, some of your information will be shared with Airbnb GSL in the following circumstances:

Creating a Listing.
If you create a Listing in Japan: (i) your name, phone number, gender, birth date, email address, information relating to where you live and work details on your profile page, (ii) information relating to the Listing (e.g., address, government notification numbers, permit details or other information), (iii) booking information relating to the Listing, such as Guest details as set out below in Host Services, booking dates, and payment amounts, (vi) details (if any) of the payout method associated with the Listing, and (v) messages between you and prospective and confirmed Guests at the Listing.
Host Services.
If you book a Host Service located in Japan: (i) your name, phone number, gender, birth date, email address, information relating to where you live and your work on your profile page, IP address in relation to the transaction, (ii) booking dates, (iii) messages between the Host and you or other Guests on the same booking, (iv) details (if any) of the payment method used by any Guests for booking the Host Service, and (v) the names and identification detail (if available) of any Guests.
Sending Messages.
If you send a message to a Host in relation to that Host’s Listing in Japan, your first name, profile picture and message content.


The data sharing is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us to enable you to list or book Host Services in Japan and communicate with Members in Japan.


Sharing with Airbnb China.
Even if your country of residence is not China, some of your information will be shared with Airbnb China in the following circumstances:

Creating a Listing.
If you create a Listing in China, information shared includes: (i) your name, phone number, email address, and passport/ID details, (ii) information relating to the Listing (e.g., address), (iii) booking information relating to the Listing, such as Guest details as set out below in Host Services, booking dates, and payment amounts, and (iv) messages between you and prospective and confirmed Guests at the Listing.
Host Services.
If you book a Host Service located in China, information shared includes: (i) your name, phone number, and email address (ii) booking dates, (iii) messages between the Host and you or other Guests on the same booking, and (iv) the names, nationalities, and identification details (including passport/national ID numbers and expiry dates) of any Guests.
Sending Messages.
If you send a message to a Host in relation to that Host’s Listing in China, information shared includes: your first name, profile picture and message content.


The data sharing is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us to enable you to list or book Host Services in China and communicate with Members in China.
Where required under law and you have expressly granted permission, Airbnb China may disclose your information to Chinese government agencies without further notice to you.
We’ll notify you in advance in the above situations, and in specific situations where we apply any practices that differ from what is described in this Privacy Policy (including practices pertaining to disclosures to government agencies).
Additionally, we share your information, including personal information, with our corporate affiliates in order to support and integrate, promote, and to improve the Airbnb Platform and our affiliates’ services.

4.8 Collection and Remittance of Occupancy Taxes.

In jurisdictions where Airbnb facilitates the Collection and Remittance of Occupancy Taxes as described in the “Taxes” section of the Terms of Service, Hosts and Guests, where legally permissible according to applicable law, expressly grant us permission, without further notice, to disclose Hosts’ and Guests’ data and other information relating to them or to their transactions, bookings, Accommodations and Occupancy Taxes to the relevant tax authority, including, but not limited to, the Host’s or Guest’s name, Listing addresses, transaction dates and amounts, tax identification number(s), the amount of taxes received (or due) by Hosts from Guests, and contact information.

4.9 Government Registration.

In jurisdictions where Airbnb facilitates or requires a registration, notification, permit, or license application of a Host with a local governmental authority through the Airbnb Platform in accordance with local law, we may share information of participating Hosts with the relevant authority, both during the application process and, if applicable, periodically thereafter, such as the Host’s full name and contact details, Accommodation address, tax identification number, Listing details, and number of nights booked.

4.10 Information Provided to Enterprise Customers.

If you have linked your Airbnb Account to the Airbnb Account of a company or other organization (an “Enterprise”), added your work email address, or have a booking facilitated via another party (such as the future employer or other entity) or used a coupon in a similar capacity in connection with an Enterprise (such as using a coupon to pay for an accommodation for an enterprise related event like employment onboarding, orientation, meetings, etc.) through one of our Enterprise products, that Enterprise will have access to your name, contact details, permissions and roles, and other information as required to enable use by you and the Enterprise of such Enterprise products.


4.11 Host Information Provided to Airbnb for Work Customers.

If a booking is designated as being for business purposes and made by a Guest affiliated with an Enterprise, and the Enterprise is enrolled in our Airbnb for Work , such as a booking made for business purposes using a coupon provided by an Enterprise, we may disclose information related to the booking to the Enterprise, such as the name of the Host, the Accommodation address, booking dates, pricing, Listing details, and other related information, to the extent necessary for the adequate performance of Airbnb’s contract with the Enterprise and to provide the services.
.
At the request of the Enterprise or the Guest, we may also share this information with third parties engaged by the Enterprise to provide travel management, travel planning, financial reporting, personnel management, crisis management, or other services.

4.12 Guest Information Provided to Airbnb for Work Customers.

If you have linked your Airbnb Account with an Enterprise, and you are included on a booking designated as being for business purposes, we may disclose information related to the booking to the Enterprise to the extent necessary for the adequate performance of Airbnb’s contract with the Enterprise.
Typically, this includes information related to the booking, such as your name, dates of the booking, number of guests, pricing, Listing details, the Accommodation address, and other related information.
At the request of you or your Enterprise, we may also disclose this information to service providers engaged by it, such as companies that provide travel management, financial reporting, personnel management, crisis management, or other services.
In the event of a dispute, emergency, or similar situation involving a booking identified as being for business purposes, Airbnb may also share additional relevant information it believes is necessary to safely and quickly address the situation.


4.13 Programs with Managers and Owners.

We may share personal information and booking information with landlords, management companies, and/or property owners in order to facilitate programs with these partners.
For example, guest booking and personal information may be shared with owners and property managers of the building, complex, or planned community where a host lives and/or the listing is to facilitate hosting services, security, billing, and other services that may be provided.


4.14 Business Transfers.

If Airbnb undertakes or is involved in any merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or insolvency event, then we may sell, transfer or share some or all of our assets, including your information in connection with such transaction or in contemplation of such transaction (e.g., due diligence).
In this event, we will notify you before your personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

4.15 Aggregated Data.

We may also share aggregated information (information about our users that we combine together so that it no longer identifies or references an individual user) and other anonymized information for regulatory compliance, industry and market analysis, research, demographic profiling, marketing and advertising, and other business purposes.
5.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION

5.1 Analyzing your Communications.

We may review, scan, or analyze your communications on the Airbnb Platform for fraud prevention, risk assessment, regulatory compliance, investigation, product development, research, analytics, and customer support purposes.
For example, as part of our fraud prevention efforts, we scan and analyze messages to mask contact information and references to other websites.
In some cases, we may also scan, review, or analyze messages to debug, improve, and expand product offerings.
We use automated methods where reasonably possible.
However, occasionally we may need to manually review some communications, such as for fraud investigations and customer support, or to assess and improve the functionality of these automated tools.
We will not review, scan, or analyze your messaging communications to send third party marketing messages to you, and we will not sell reviews or analyses of these communications.
These activities are carried out based on Airbnb's legitimate interest in ensuring compliance with applicable laws and our Terms, preventing fraud, promoting safety, and improving and ensuring the adequate performance of our services.

5.2 Linking Third Party Accounts.

You may link your Airbnb Account with your account at a third party social networking service.
Your contacts on these third party services are referred to as “Friends.” When you create this link:

some of the information you provide to us from the linking of your accounts may be published on your Airbnb Account profile;
your activities on the Airbnb Platform may be displayed to your Friends on the Airbnb Platform and/or that third party site;
a link to your public profile on that third party social networking service may be included in your Airbnb public profile;
other Airbnb users may be able to see any common Friends that you may have with them, or that you are a Friend of their Friend if applicable;
other Airbnb users may be able to see any schools, hometowns or other groups you have in common with them as listed on your linked social networking service;
the information you provide to us from the linking of your accounts may be stored, processed and transmitted for fraud prevention and risk assessment purposes.
and
the publication and display of information that you provide to Airbnb through this linkage is subject to your settings and authorizations on the Airbnb Platform and the third party site.

We only collect your information from linked third party accounts to the extent necessary to ensure the adequate performance of our contract with you, or to ensure that we comply with applicable laws, or with your consent.

5.3 Third Party Partners &amp.
Integrations

The Airbnb Platform may contain links to third party websites or services, such as third party integrations, co-branded services, or third party-branded services (“Third Party Partners”).
Airbnb doesn’t own or control these Third Party Partners and when you interact with them, you may be providing information directly to the Third Party Partner, Airbnb, or both.
These Third Party Partners will have their own rules about the collection, use, and disclosure of information.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of the other websites you visit.
Parts of the Airbnb Platform may use third party services such as Google Maps/Earth services, including the Google Maps API(s), and Citibank for Airbnb Payments.
Use of these respective services is subject to their privacy policies such as Google Maps/Earth Additional Terms of Use, and the Google Privacy Policy, Citi Privacy Policy.
6.
YOUR RIGHTS
You may exercise any of the rights described in this section before your applicable Airbnb Data Controller and Payments Data Controller by sending an email to dpo@airbnb.com.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity and request before taking further action on your request.

6.1 Managing Your Information.

You may access and update some of your information through your Account settings.
If you have chosen to connect your Airbnb Account to a third-party application, like Facebook or Google, you can change your settings and remove permission for the app by changing your Account settings.
You are responsible for keeping your personal information up-to-date.

6.2 Rectification of Inaccurate or Incomplete Information.

You have the right to ask us to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information about you (and which you cannot update yourself within your Airbnb Account).

6.3 Data Access and Portability.

In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to request copies of your personal information held by us.
You may also be entitled to request copies of personal information that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and/or request us to transmit this information to another service provider (where technically feasible).

6.4 Data Retention and Erasure.

We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations.
In certain jurisdictions, you can request to have all your personal information deleted entirely." Please note that if you request the erasure of your personal information:

We may retain some of your personal information as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety.
For example, if we suspend an Airbnb Account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that Airbnb Account to prevent that Member from opening a new Airbnb Account in the future.
We may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
For example, Airbnb and Airbnb Payments may keep some of your information for tax, legal reporting and auditing obligations.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., Reviews, forum postings) may continue to be publicly visible on the Airbnb Platform, even after your Airbnb Account is cancelled.
However, attribution of such information to you will be removed.
Additionally, some copies of your information (e.g., log records) may remain in our database, but are disassociated from personal identifiers.
Because we maintain the Airbnb Platform to protect from accidental or malicious loss and destruction, residual copies of your personal information may not be removed from our backup systems for a limited period of time.


6.5 Withdrawing Consent and Restriction of Processing.

If we are processing your personal information based on your consent you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your Account settings or by sending a communication to Airbnb specifying which consent you are withdrawing.
Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal.
Additionally, in some jurisdictions, applicable law may give you the right to limit the ways in which we use your personal information, in particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal information.
(ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information.
(iii) we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
or (iv) you have objected to the processing pursuant to Section 6.6 and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of Airbnb override your own.

6.6 Objection to Processing.

In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to require Airbnb and Airbnb Payments not to process your personal information for certain specific purposes (including profiling) where such processing is based on legitimate interest.
If you object to such processing Airbnb and/or Airbnb Payments will no longer process your personal information for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Where your personal information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you may, at any time ask Airbnb to cease processing your data for these direct marketing purposes by sending an e-mail to opt-out@airbnb.com.

6.7 Lodging Complaints.

You have the right to lodge complaints about our data processing activities by filing a complaint with our Data Protection Officer who can be reached by the “Contact Us” section below or with a supervisory authority.

7.
OPERATING GLOBALLY &amp.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
To facilitate our global operations Airbnb and Airbnb Payments may transfer, store, and process your information within our family of companies, partners, and service providers based in Europe, India, Asia Pacific and North and South America.
Laws in these countries may differ from the laws applicable to your country of residence.
For example, information collected within the EEA may be transferred, stored, and processed outside of the EEA for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Where we transfer store, and process your personal information outside of the EEA we have ensured that appropriate safeguards are in place to ensure an adequate level of data protection.

7.1 EU-US &amp.
Swiss-US Privacy Shield.

Airbnb and Airbnb Payments comply with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively.
Airbnb has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Under the Privacy Shield Framework, Airbnb and Airbnb Payments are subject to the authority of the Federal Trade Commission.
If you have any questions or concerns relating to our Privacy Shield certification, contact us at Airbnb, Inc., Legal Department, 888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 or via email.
If we are not able to resolve your concern, you may also contact your European Data Protection Authority or Commission or seek assistance from our designated Privacy Shield independent recourse mechanism, JAMS.
In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to pursue binding arbitration through the Privacy Shield Framework, as described in Annex I to the Privacy Shield Principles.
If we have received your personal information under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfer it to a third party service provider for processing as described in this Privacy Policy, we will remain responsible if these providers process your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, except where we can establish that Airbnb or Airbnb Payments was not responsible for the violation.

7.2 Other Means to Ensure an Adequate Level of Data Protection.

If Airbnb Ireland is the Data Controller and your information is shared with corporate affiliates or third party service providers outside the EEA, we have (prior to sharing your information with such corporate affiliate or third party service provider) established the necessary means to ensure an adequate level of data protection.
This may be an adequacy decision of the European Commission confirming an adequate level of data protection in the respective non-EEA country or an agreement on the basis of the EU Model Clauses (a set of clauses issued by the European Commission).
We will provide further information on the means to ensure an adequate level of data protection on request.

7.3 California &amp.
Vermont Residents.

Airbnb Payments will not share information it collects about you with its affiliates or third parties (both financial and non-financial), except as required or permitted by your state’s law.

7.4 California Privacy Rights.

California law permits Members who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those third parties.
See the “Contact Us” section for where to send such requests.
Airbnb and Airbnb Payments do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes without your prior consent.
Accordingly, you can prevent disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes by withholding consent.
8.
SECURITY
We are continuously implementing and updating administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your information against unauthorized access, loss, destruction, or alteration.
Some of the safeguards we use to protect your information are firewalls and data encryption, and information access controls.
If you know or have reason to believe that your Airbnb Account credentials have been lost, stolen, misappropriated, or otherwise compromised or in case of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your Airbnb Account, please contact us following the instructions in the Contact Us section below.
9.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Airbnb reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time in accordance with this provision.
If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the revised Privacy Policy on the Airbnb Platform and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
We will also provide you with notice of the modification by email at least thirty (30) days before the date they become effective.
If you disagree with the revised Privacy Policy, you may cancel your Account.
If you do not cancel your Account before the date the revised Privacy Policy becomes effective, your continued access to or use of the Airbnb Platform will be subject to the revised Privacy Policy.
10.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or Airbnb’s information handling practices, you may email us at the email addresses provided in the relevant sections above or contact us via mail at:

For persons whose country of residence is the United States: Airbnb, Inc., Legal Department, 888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 USA.
For payments-related matters prior to April 30, 2018: Airbnb Payments, Inc., 999 Brannan Street, 4th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.
For payments-related matters after April 30, 2018 at 8AM UTC: Airbnb Payments, Inc.
650 7th Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.
For persons whose country of residence is Japan: Airbnb Global Services Limited, Legal Department, 8 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2.
Ireland.
For persons whose country of residence is India for payments-related matters: Airbnb Payments India Pvt.
or Airbnb Payments UK Ltd, depending on which entity is the applicable Payments Data Controller.
Airbnb Payments India Pvt.
Ltd., Level 9, Spaze i-Tech Park, A1 Tower, Sector-49, Sohna Road, Gurugram India 122018.
Airbnb Payments UK Ltd: Data Protection Officer, Suite 1, 3rd Floor, 11-12 St.
James’s Square, London SW1Y 4LB United Kingdom.
For persons whose country of residence is Australia for payments-related matters: Airbnb Payments UK Ltd or Airbnb Payments Australia Pty.
Ltd., depending on which entity is the applicable Payments Data Controller.
Airbnb Payments UK Ltd: Data Protection Officer, Suite 1, 3rd Floor, 11-12 St.
James’s Square, London SW1Y 4LB United Kingdom.
Airbnb Payments Australia Pty.
Ltd: 58 Gipps Street, Collingwood VIC 3066, Australia.
For persons whose country of residence is outside of the United States, China and Japan: Airbnb Ireland UC, Data Protection Officer, 8 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland and for payments-related matters (except for persons whose country of residence is India): Airbnb Payments UK Ltd., Data Protection Officer, Suite 1, 3rd Floor, 11-12 St.
James’s Square, London SW1Y 4LB United Kingdom.
For persons whose country of residence is in the European Union for payments-related matters and if the data controller is Airbnb Payments Luxembourg S.A.: Airbnb Payments Luxembourg S.A., 4, rue Henri Schnadt, L-2530 Luxembourg.



   Airbnb Cookie Policy Airbnb uses cookies and similar technologies to help provide, protect, and improve the Airbnb Platform.
This policy explains how and why we use these technologies and the choices you have.
A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your device (e.g.
your phone or your computer).
For example, a cookie could allow us to recognize your browser, while another could store your preferences.
There are two types of cookies used on the Airbnb Platform: (1) “session cookies” and (2) “persistent cookies.” Session cookies normally expire when you close your browser, while persistent cookies remain on your device after you close your browser, and can be used again the next time you access the Airbnb Platform.
We also use other technologies with similar functionality to cookies, such as web beacons, pixels, mobile identifiers, and tracking URLs, to obtain Log Data (as described in the Privacy Policy).
For example, our email messages may contain web beacons and tracking URLs to determine whether you have opened a certain message or accessed a certain link. Why Airbnb Uses These Technologies We use these technologies for a number of purposes, such as:

To enable you to use and access the Airbnb Platform and the Payment Services.
To enable, facilitate and streamline the functioning of and your access to the Airbnb Platform.
To better understand how you navigate through and interact with the Airbnb Platform and to improve the Airbnb Platform.
To serve you tailored advertising (on the Airbnb Platform and on third party websites).
To show you content (e.g., advertisements) that is more relevant to you.
To monitor and analyze the performance, operation, and effectiveness of the Airbnb Platform and Airbnb advertisements.
To enforce legal agreements that govern use of the Airbnb Platform.
For fraud detection and prevention, and investigations.
For purposes of our own customer support, analytics, research, product development, and regulatory compliance.
 Third Parties We may also allow certain business partners to place these technologies on the Airbnb Platform.
These partners use these technologies to (1) help us analyze how you use the Airbnb Platform, such as by noting the third party services from which you arrived, (2) market and advertise Airbnb services to you on the Airbnb Platform and third party websites, (3) help us detect or prevent fraud or conduct risk assessments, or (4) collect information about your activities on the Airbnb Platform, other sites, and/or the ads you have clicked on.
For example, to help us better understand how people use the Airbnb Platform, we work with a number of analytics partners, including Google Analytics.
To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser by clicking here.
Third parties may also use such tracking technologies to serve ads that they believe are most likely to be of interest to you and measure the effectiveness of their ads both on the Airbnb Platform and on other websites and online services.
Targeting and advertising cookies we use may include Google, and other advertising networks and services we use from time to time.
For more information about targeting and advertising cookies and how you can opt out, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or http://youronlinechoices.eu.
To opt out of Google Analytics for display advertising or customize Google display network ads, you can visit the Google Ads Settings page.
To the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Airbnb Platform and you opt-out of tailored advertising, you may still receive advertising content.
In that case, the advertising content will just not be tailored to your interests.
Also, we do not control any of these opt-out links and are not responsible for the availability or accuracy of these mechanisms. Third Party Social Plugins The Airbnb Platform may use social plugins provided and operated by third parties, such as Facebook’s Like Button.
As a result of this, you may send to the third party the information that you are viewing on a certain part of the Airbnb Platform.
If you are not logged into your account with the third party, then the third party may not know your identity.
If you are logged in to your account with the third party, then the third party may be able to link information or actions about your interactions with the Airbnb Platform to your account with them.
Please refer to the third party’s privacy policies to learn more about its data practices. Your Choices Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browser’s toolbar.
Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies, and cookie management tools available in a web browser will not remove flash cookies.
To learn more about how to manage flash cookies, you can visit the Adobe website and make changes at the Global Privacy Settings Panel.
Your mobile device may allow you to control cookies through its settings function.
Refer to your device manufacturer’s instructions for more information.
If you choose to decline cookies, some parts of the Airbnb Platform may not work as intended or may not work at all.


   
If your country of residence is outside of the EEA or the United Kingdom, your agreement with Airbnb comprises the Terms of Service for Non-European Users.


If your country of residence is within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom, your agreement with Airbnb comprises the Terms of Service for European Users.
 Terms of Service

Please read these Terms of Service (“Terms”) carefully as they contain important information about your legal rights, remedies and obligations.
By accessing or using the Airbnb Platform, you agree to comply with and be bound by these Terms.


Please note: Section 19 of these Terms contains an arbitration clause and class action waiver that applies to all Airbnb Members.
If your country of residence is the United States, this provision applies to all disputes with Airbnb.
If your country of residence is outside of the United States, this provision applies to any action you bring against Airbnb in the United States.
It affects how disputes with Airbnb are resolved.
By accepting these Terms, you agree to be bound by this arbitration clause and class action waiver.
Please read it carefully.

Last Updated: November 1, 2019
Thank you for using Airbnb!
These Terms constitute a legally binding agreement ("Agreement") between you and Airbnb (as defined below) governing your access to and use of the Airbnb website, including any subdomains thereof, and any other websites through which Airbnb makes its services available (collectively, "Site"), our mobile, tablet and other smart device applications, and application program interfaces (collectively, "Application") and all associated services (collectively, "Airbnb Services").
The Site, Application and Airbnb Services together are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Airbnb Platform”.
Our Host Guarantee Terms, Japan Host Insurance Terms, Guest Refund Policy, Nondiscrimination Policy and other Policies applicable to your use of the Airbnb Platform are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
When these Terms mention “Airbnb,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to the Airbnb company you are contracting with.
Your contracting entity will generally be determined based on your country of residence or establishment.


If your country of residence or establishment is the United States, you are contracting with Airbnb, Inc., 888 Brannan Street, 4th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States.
If your country of residence or establishment is outside of the United States, the People’s Republic of China (which for purposes of these Terms does not include Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) (hereinafter “China”), Japan and the European Economic Area, you are contracting with Airbnb Ireland UC (“Airbnb Ireland”), The Watermarque Building, South Lotts Road, Ringsend, Dublin 4, Ireland.
If your country of residence or establishment is in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you are contracting with Airbnb Ireland UC (“Airbnb Ireland”), The Watermarque Building, South Lotts Road, Ringsend, Dublin 4, Ireland and your Agreement with Airbnb is subject to the Terms of Service for European Users.
If your country of residence or establishment is China, you are contracting with Airbnb Internet (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
(“Airbnb China”) except where you book a Host Service (as defined below) or when you create a Listing located outside of China, in which case you are contracting with Airbnb Ireland for that transaction.
If your country of residence or establishment is Japan, you are contracting with Airbnb Global Services Limited ("Airbnb GSL"), 25-28 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01 H104, Ireland,
except where you book a Host Service (as defined below) or when you create a Listing located outside of Japan, in which case you are contracting with Airbnb Ireland for that transaction.


If you change your country of residence or establishment, the Airbnb company you contract with will be determined by your new country of residence or establishment as specified above, from the date on which your country of residence changes.
Our collection and use of personal information in connection with your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform is described in our Privacy Policy.
Any and all payment processing services through or in connection with your use of the Airbnb Platform ("Payment Services") are provided to you by one or more Airbnb Payments entities (individually and collectively, as appropriate, "Airbnb Payments") as set out in the Payments Terms of Service ("Payments Terms").
Hosts alone are responsible for identifying, understanding, and complying with all laws, rules and regulations that apply to their Listings and Host Services (as defined below).
For example, some cities have laws that restrict their ability to host paying guests for short periods or provide certain Host Services.
In many cities, Hosts may have to register, get a permit or obtain a license before providing certain Host Services (such as preparing food, serving alcohol for sale, guiding tours or operating a vehicle).
Host are alone responsible for identifying and obtaining any required licenses, permits, or registrations for any Host Services they offer.
Certain types of Host Services may be prohibited altogether.
Penalties may include fines or other enforcement.
We provide some information in our Help Center to help you identify some of the obligations that apply to you.
If you have questions about how local laws apply to your Listing(s) and Host Service(s) on Airbnb, you should always seek legal guidance.
Table of Contents

Scope of Airbnb Services
Eligibility, Using the Airbnb Platform, Member Verification
Modification of these Terms
Account Registration
Content
Service Fees
Terms specific for Hosts
Terms specific for Guests
Booking Modifications, Cancellations and Refunds, Resolution Center
Ratings and Reviews
Damage to Accommodations, Disputes between Members
Rounding off, Currency conversion
Taxes
Prohibited Activities
Term and Termination, Suspension and other Measures
Disclaimers
Liability
Indemnification
Dispute Resolution
Feedback
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
General Provisions

1.
Scope of Airbnb Services
1.1 The Airbnb Platform is an online marketplace that enables registered users (“Members”) and certain third parties who offer services (Members and third parties who offer services are “Hosts” and the services they offer are “Host Services”) to publish such Host Services on the Airbnb Platform (“Listings”) and to communicate and transact directly with Members that are seeking to book such Host Services (Members using Host Services are “Guests”).
Host Services may include the offering of vacation or other properties for use ("Accommodations"), single or multi-day activities in various categories (“Experiences”), access to unique events and locations (“Events”), and a variety of other travel and non-travel related services.
1.2 As the provider of the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb does not own, create, sell, resell, provide, control, manage, offer, deliver, or supply any Listings or Host Services, nor is Airbnb an organiser or retailer of travel packages under Directive (EU) 2015/2302.
Hosts alone are responsible for their Listings and Host Services.
When Members make or accept a booking, they are entering into a contract directly with each other.
Airbnb is not and does not become a party to or other participant in any contractual relationship between Members, nor is Airbnb a real estate broker or insurer.
Airbnb is not acting as an agent in any capacity for any Member, except as specified in the Payments Terms.
1.3 While we may help facilitate the resolution of disputes, Airbnb has no control over and does not guarantee (i) the existence, quality, safety, suitability, or legality of any Listings or Host Services, (ii) the truth or accuracy of any Listing descriptions, Ratings, Reviews, or other Member Content (as defined below), or (iii) the performance or conduct of any Member or third party.
Airbnb does not endorse any Member, Listing or Host Services.
Any references to a Member being "verified" (or similar language) only indicate that the Member has completed a relevant verification or identification process and nothing else.
Any such description is not an endorsement, certification or guarantee by Airbnb about any Member, including of the Member's identity or background or whether the Member is trustworthy, safe or suitable.
You should always exercise due diligence and care when deciding whether to stay in an Accommodation, participate in an Experience or Event or use other Host Services, accept a booking request from a Guest, or communicate and interact with other Members, whether online or in person.
Verified Images (as defined below) are intended only to indicate a photographic representation of a Listing at the time the photograph was taken, and are therefore not an endorsement by Airbnb of any Host or Listing.
1.4 If you choose to use the Airbnb Platform as a Host or Co-Host (as defined below), your relationship with Airbnb is limited to being an independent, third-party contractor, and not an employee, agent, joint venturer or partner of Airbnb for any reason, and you act exclusively on your own behalf and for your own benefit, and not on behalf, or for the benefit, of Airbnb.
Airbnb does not, and shall not be deemed to, direct or control you generally or in your performance under these Terms specifically, including in connection with your provision of the Host Services.
You acknowledge and agree that you have complete discretion whether to list Host Services or otherwise engage in other business or employment activities.
1.5 To promote the Airbnb Platform and to increase the exposure of Listings to potential Guests, Listings and other Member Content may be displayed on other websites, in applications, within emails, and in online and offline advertisements.
To assist Members who speak different languages, Listings and other Member Content may be translated, in whole or in part, into other languages.
Airbnb cannot guarantee the accuracy or quality of such translations and Members are responsible for reviewing and verifying the accuracy of such translations.
The Airbnb Platform may contain translations powered by Google.
Google disclaims all warranties related to the translations, express or implied, including any warranties of accuracy, reliability, and any implied warranties for merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
1.6 The Airbnb Platform may contain links to third-party websites or resources (“Third-Party Services”).
Such Third-Party Services may be subject to different terms and conditions and privacy practices.
Airbnb is not responsible or liable for the availability or accuracy of such Third-Party Services, or the content, products, or services available from such Third-Party Services.
Links to such Third-Party Services are not an endorsement by Airbnb of such Third-Party Services.
1.7 Due to the nature of the Internet, Airbnb cannot guarantee the continuous and uninterrupted availability and accessibility of the Airbnb Platform.
Airbnb may restrict the availability of the Airbnb Platform or certain areas or features thereof, if this is necessary in view of capacity limits, the security or integrity of our servers, or to carry out maintenance measures that ensure the proper or improved functioning of the Airbnb Platform.
Airbnb may improve, enhance and modify the Airbnb Platform and introduce new Airbnb Services from time to time.
2.
Eligibility, Using the Airbnb Platform, Member Verification
2.1 In order to access and use the Airbnb Platform or register an Airbnb Account you must be an individual at least 18 years old or a duly organized, validly existing business, organization or other legal entity in good standing under the laws of the country you are established and able to enter into legally binding contracts.

2.2 You will comply with any applicable export control laws in your local jurisdiction.
You also represent and warrant that (i) neither you nor your Host Service(s) are located or take place in a country that is subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
2.3 Airbnb may make access to and use of the Airbnb Platform, or certain areas or features of the Airbnb Platform, subject to certain conditions or requirements, such as completing a verification process, meeting specific quality or eligibility criteria, meeting Ratings or Reviews thresholds, or a Member’s booking and cancellation history.
2.4 User verification on the Internet is difficult and we do not assume any responsibility for the confirmation of any Member’s identity.
Notwithstanding the above, for transparency and fraud prevention purposes, and as permitted by applicable laws, we may, but have no obligation to (i) ask Members to provide a form of government identification or other information or undertake additional checks designed to help verify the identities or backgrounds of Members, (ii) screen Members against third party databases or other sources and request reports from service providers, and (iii) where we have sufficient information to identify a Member, obtain reports from public records of criminal convictions or sex offender registrations or an equivalent version of background or registered sex offender checks in your local jurisdiction (if available).
2.5 The access to or use of certain areas and features of the Airbnb Platform may be subject to separate policies, standards or guidelines, or may require that you accept additional terms and conditions, before you can access the relevant areas or features of the Airbnb Platform.
If there is a conflict between these Terms and terms and conditions applicable to a specific area or feature of the Airbnb Platform, the latter terms and conditions will take precedence with respect to your access to or use of that area or feature, unless specified otherwise in the latter terms and conditions.
2.6 If you access or download the Application from the Apple App Store, you agree to Apple’s Licensed Application End User License Agreement.
Some areas of the Airbnb Platform implement Google Maps/Earth mapping services, including Google Maps API(s).
Your use of Google Maps/Earth is subject to the Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service.
3.
Modification of these Terms
Airbnb reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time in accordance with this provision.
If we make changes to these Terms, we will post the revised Terms on the Airbnb Platform and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms.
We will also provide you with notice of the modifications by email at least thirty (30) days before the date they become effective.
If you disagree with the revised Terms, you may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect.
We will inform you about your right to terminate the Agreement in the notification email.
If you do not terminate your Agreement before the date the revised Terms become effective, your continued access to or use of the Airbnb Platform will constitute acceptance of the revised Terms.
4.
Account Registration
4.1 You must register an account ("Airbnb Account") to access and use certain features of the Airbnb Platform, such as publishing or booking a Listing.
If you are registering an Airbnb Account for a business, organization or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to legally bind that entity and grant us all permissions and licenses provided in these Terms.
4.2 You can register an Airbnb Account using an email address and creating a password, or through your account with certain third-party social networking services, such as Facebook or Google ("SNS Account").
You have the ability to disable the connection between your Airbnb Account and your SNS Account at any time, by accessing the "Settings" section of the Airbnb Platform.
4.3 You must provide accurate, current and complete information during the registration process and keep your Airbnb Account and public Airbnb Account profile page information up-to-date at all times.
4.4 You may not register more than one (1) Airbnb Account unless Airbnb authorizes you to do so.
You may not assign or otherwise transfer your Airbnb Account to another party.
4.5 You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your Airbnb Account credentials and may not disclose your credentials to any third party.
You must immediately notify Airbnb if you know or have any reason to suspect that your credentials have been lost, stolen, misappropriated, or otherwise compromised or in case of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your Airbnb Account.
You are liable for any and all activities conducted through your Airbnb Account, unless such activities are not authorized by you and you are not otherwise negligent (such as failing to report the unauthorized use or loss of your credentials).
4.6 Airbnb may enable features that allow you to authorize other Members or certain third parties to take certain actions that affect your Airbnb Account.
For example, we may enable Members to link their Airbnb Accounts to businesses and take actions for those businesses, we may enable eligible Members or certain third parties to book Listings on behalf of other Members, or we may enable Hosts to add other Members as Co-Hosts (as defined below) to help manage their Listings.
These features do not require that you share your credentials with any other person.
No third party is authorized by Airbnb to ask for your credentials, and you shall not request the credentials of another Member.
5.
Content
5.1 Airbnb may, at its sole discretion, enable Members to (i) create, upload, post, send, receive and store content, such as text, photos, audio, video, or other materials and information on or through the Airbnb Platform ("Member Content").
and (ii) access and view Member Content and any content that Airbnb itself makes available on or through the Airbnb Platform, including proprietary Airbnb content and any content licensed or authorized for use by or through Airbnb from a third party ("Airbnb Content" and together with Member Content, "Collective Content").
5.2 The Airbnb Platform, Airbnb Content, and Member Content may in its entirety or in part be protected by copyright, trademark, and/or other laws of the United States and other countries.
You acknowledge and agree that the Airbnb Platform and Airbnb Content, including all associated intellectual property rights, are the exclusive property of Airbnb and/or its licensors or authorizing third-parties.
You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb Content or Member Content.
All trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names, and any other source identifiers of Airbnb used on or in connection with the Airbnb Platform and Airbnb Content are trademarks or registered trademarks of Airbnb in the United States and abroad.
Trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations of third parties used on or in connection with the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb Content, and/or Collective Content are used for identification purposes only and may be the property of their respective owners.
5.3 You will not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content, except to the extent you are the legal owner of certain Member Content or as expressly permitted in these Terms.
No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise under any intellectual property rights owned or controlled by Airbnb or its licensors, except for the licenses and rights expressly granted in these Terms.
5.4 Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Airbnb grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferable license to (i) download and use the Application on your personal device(s).
and (ii) access and view any Collective Content made available on or through the Airbnb Platform and accessible to you, solely for your personal and non-commercial use.
5.5 By creating, uploading, posting, sending, receiving, storing, or otherwise making available any Member Content on or through the Airbnb Platform, you grant to Airbnb a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual (or for the term of the protection), sub-licensable and transferable license to such Member Content to access, use, store, copy, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, publish, transmit, stream, broadcast, and otherwise exploit in any manner such Member Content to provide and/or promote the Airbnb Platform, in any media or platform.
Insofar as Member Content (including Verified Images) includes personal information, such Member Content will only be used for these purposes if such use complies with applicable data protection laws in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Unless you provide specific consent, Airbnb does not claim any ownership rights in any Member Content and nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use or exploit your Member Content.
5.6 Airbnb may offer Hosts the option of having professional photographers take photographs of their Host Services, which are made available by the photographer to Hosts to include in their Listings with or without a watermark or tag bearing the words "Airbnb.com Verified Photo" or similar wording ("Verified Images").
You are responsible for ensuring that your Host Service is accurately represented in the Verified Images and you will stop using the Verified Images on or through the Airbnb Platform if they no longer accurately represent your Listing, if you stop hosting the Host Service featured, or if your Airbnb Account is terminated or suspended for any reason.
You acknowledge and agree that Airbnb shall have the right to use any Verified Images in accordance with Section 5.5 for advertising, marketing and/or any other business purposes in any media or platform, whether in relation to your Listing or otherwise, without further notice or compensation to you.
Where Airbnb is not the exclusive owner of Verified Images, by using such Verified Images on or through the Airbnb Platform, you grant to Airbnb an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual (or for the term of the protection), sub-licensable and transferable license to use such Verified Images for advertising, marketing and/or any other business purposes in any media or platform, whether in relation to your Listing or otherwise, without further notice or compensation to you.
Airbnb in turn grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferable license to use Verified Images outside of the Airbnb Platform solely for your personal and non-commercial use.
5.7 You are solely responsible for all Member Content that you make available on or through the Airbnb Platform.
Accordingly, you represent and warrant that: (i) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all Member Content that you make available on or through the Airbnb Platform or you have all rights, licenses, consents and releases that are necessary to grant to Airbnb the rights in and to such Member Content, as contemplated under these Terms.
and (ii) neither the Member Content nor your posting, uploading, publication, submission or transmittal of the Member Content or Airbnb's use of the Member Content (or any portion thereof) as contemplated under these Terms will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party's patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other proprietary or intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
5.8 You will not post, upload, publish, submit or transmit any Member Content that: (i) is fraudulent, false, misleading (directly or by omission or failure to update information) or deceptive.
(ii) is defamatory, libelous, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or offensive.
(iii) promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group.
(iv) is violent or threatening or promotes violence or actions that are threatening to any other person or animal.
(v) promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances.
or (vi) violates Airbnb’s Content Policy or any other Airbnb policy.
Airbnb may, without prior notice, remove or disable access to any Member Content that Airbnb finds to be in violation of applicable law, these Terms or Airbnb’s then-current Policies or Standards, or otherwise may be harmful or objectionable to Airbnb, its Members, third parties, or property.
5.9 Airbnb respects copyright law and expects its Members to do the same.
If you believe that any content on the Airbnb Platform infringes copyrights you own, please notify us in accordance with our Copyright Policy.
6.
Service Fees
6.1 Airbnb may charge fees to Hosts ("Host Fees") and/or Guests ("Guest Fees") (collectively, "Service Fees") in consideration for the use of the Airbnb Platform.
More information about when Service Fees apply and how they are calculated can be found on our Service Fees page.
6.2 Any applicable Service Fees (including any applicable Taxes) will be displayed to a Host or Guest prior to publishing or booking a Listing.
Airbnb reserves the right to change the Service Fees at any time, and will provide Members adequate notice of any fee changes before they become effective.
Such fee changes will not affect any bookings made prior to the effective date of the fee change.
6.3 You are responsible for paying any Service Fees that you owe to Airbnb.
The applicable Service Fees (including any applicable Taxes) are collected by Airbnb Payments.
Airbnb Payments will deduct any Host Fees from the Listing Fee before remitting the payout to the Host.
Any Guest Fees are included in the Total Fees collected by Airbnb Payments.
Except as otherwise provided on the Airbnb Platform, Service Fees are non-refundable.
7.
Terms specific for Hosts
7.1 Terms applicable to all Listings
7.1.1 When creating a Listing through the Airbnb Platform you must (i) provide complete and accurate information about your Host Service (such as listing description, location, and calendar availability), (ii) disclose any deficiencies, restrictions (such as house rules) and requirements that apply (such as any minimum age, proficiency or fitness requirements for an Experience) and (iii) provide any other pertinent information requested by Airbnb.
You are responsible for keeping your Listing information (including calendar availability) up-to-date at all times.
7.1.2 You are solely responsible for setting a price (including any Taxes if applicable, or charges such as cleaning fees) for your Listing (“Listing Fee”).
Once a Guest requests a booking of your Listing, you may not request that the Guest pays a higher price than in the booking request.
7.1.3 Any terms and conditions included in your Listing, in particular in relation to cancellations, must not conflict with these Terms or the relevant cancellation policy for your Listing.
7.1.4 Airbnb may enable certain Hosts to participate in its “Open Homes Program.” The Open Homes Program enables Hosts to provide Listings to certain Guests, such as refugees or evacuees, for free.
You acknowledge that if you choose to participate in the Open Homes Program, your ability to restrict your Listing to certain Guests, such as Guests with previous positive Reviews, may be limited.
7.1.5 Pictures, animations or videos (collectively, "Images") used in your Listings must accurately reflect the quality and condition of your Host Services.
Airbnb reserves the right to require that Listings have a minimum number of Images of a certain format, size and resolution.
7.1.6 The placement and ranking of Listings in search results on the Airbnb Platform may vary and depend on a variety of factors, such as Guest search parameters and preferences, Host requirements, price and calendar availability, number and quality of Images, customer service and cancellation history, Reviews and Ratings, type of Host Service, and/or ease of booking.
More information about the factors that determine how your Listing appears in search results can be found on our help center.
7.1.7 When you accept or have pre-approved a booking request by a Guest, you are entering into a legally binding agreement with the Guest and are required to provide your Host Service(s) to the Guest as described in your Listing when the booking request is made.
You also agree to pay the applicable Host Fee and any applicable Taxes.
7.1.8 Airbnb recommends that Hosts obtain appropriate insurance for their Host Services.
Please review any respective insurance policy carefully, and in particular make sure that you are familiar with and understand any exclusions to, and any deductibles that may apply for, such insurance policy, including, but not limited to, whether or not your insurance policy will cover the actions or inactions of Guests (and the individuals the Guest has booked for, if applicable) while staying at your Accommodation or participating in your Experience, Event or other Host Service.
7.2 Listing Accommodations
7.2.1 Unless expressly allowed by Airbnb, you may not list more than one Accommodation per Listing.
7.2.2 If you choose to require a security deposit for your Accommodation, you must specify this in your Listing ("Security Deposit").
Hosts are not allowed to ask for a Security Deposit (i) after a booking has been confirmed or (ii) outside of the Airbnb Platform.

7.2.3 You represent and warrant that any Listing you post and the booking of, or a Guest's stay at, an Accommodation will (i) not breach any agreements you have entered into with any third parties, such as homeowners association, condominium, or other agreements, and (ii) comply with all applicable laws (such as zoning laws), Tax requirements, and other rules and regulations (including having all required permits, licenses and registrations).
As a Host, you are responsible for your own acts and omissions and are also responsible for the acts and omissions of any individuals who reside at or are otherwise present at the Accommodation at your request or invitation, excluding the Guest and any individuals the Guest invites to the Accommodation.
7.3 Listing Experiences, Events and other Host Services
Hosts who list Experiences, Events and Host Services other than Accommodations agree to and are subject to the Additional Terms for Experience Hosts.
7.4 Co-Hosts
7.4.1 Airbnb may enable Hosts to authorize other Members (“Co-Hosts”) to administer the Host’s Listing(s), and to bind the Host and take certain actions in relation to the Listing(s) as permitted by the Host, such as accepting booking requests, messaging and welcoming Guests, and updating the Listing Fee and calendar availability (collectively, “Co-Host Services”).
Any agreement formed between Host and Co-Host may not conflict with these Terms, the Payments Terms, or any other Policies applicable to your Host Service(s).
Co-Hosts may only act in an individual capacity and not on behalf of a company or other organization, unless expressly authorized by Airbnb.
Airbnb reserves the right, in our sole discretion, to limit the number of Co-Hosts a Host may invite for each Listing and to limit the number of Listings a Co-Host may manage.
7.4.2 Hosts should exercise due diligence and care when deciding who to add as a Co-Host to their Listing(s).
Hosts remain solely responsible and liable for any and all Listings and Member Content published on the Airbnb Platform, including any Listing created by a Co-Host on their behalf.
Further, Hosts remain responsible and liable for their own acts and omissions, including, but not limited to, conduct that causes harm or damage to the Co-Host(s).
Co-Hosts remain responsible and liable for their own acts and omissions when engaging in their roles and responsibilities as a Co-Host, including, but not limited to, conduct that causes harm or damage to the Host.
In addition, both Host and Co-Host are jointly responsible and severally liable for third party claims, including Guest claims, arising from the acts and omissions of the other person as related to hosting activities, communications with Guests, and the provision of any Co-Host Services.
7.4.3 Unless agreed otherwise by Host and Co-Host, Host and Co-Host may terminate the Co-Host agreement at any time.
In addition, both Host and Co-Host acknowledge that their Co-hosting relationship will terminate in the event that Airbnb (i) terminates the Co-Host service or (ii) terminates either party’s participation in the Co-Host service.
When the Co-Host agreement is terminated, the Host will remain responsible for all of the Co-Host’s actions prior to the termination, including the responsibility to fulfill any pending or future bookings initiated prior to the termination.
When a Member is removed as a Co-Host, that Member will no longer have access to any Host or Guest information related to the applicable Host’s Listing(s).

7.4.4 As a Co-Host, you will not be reviewed by Guests, meaning that your Co-Host activities will not affect your Reviews or Ratings for other Listings for which you are a Host.
Instead, the Host of such Listing(s) will be reviewed by Guests (including potentially on the basis of the Co-Host’s conduct and performance).
Hosts acknowledge that Reviews and Ratings from Guests for their Listing(s) may be impacted by a Co-Host’s conduct and performance.
8.
Terms specific for Guests
8.1 Terms applicable to all bookings
8.1.1 Subject to meeting any requirements (such as completing any verification processes) set by Airbnb and/or the Host, you can book a Listing available on the Airbnb Platform by following the respective booking process.
All applicable fees, including the Listing Fee, Security Deposit (if applicable), Guest Fee and any applicable Taxes (collectively, “Total Fees”) will be presented to you prior to booking a Listing.
You agree to pay the Total Fees for any booking requested in connection with your Airbnb Account.
8.1.2 Upon receipt of a booking confirmation from Airbnb, a legally binding agreement is formed between you and your Host, subject to any additional terms and conditions of the Host that apply, including in particular the applicable cancellation policy and any rules and restrictions specified in the Listing.
Airbnb Payments will collect the Total Fees at the time of the booking request or upon the Host’s confirmation pursuant to the Payments Terms.
For certain bookings, Guests may be required to pay or have the option to pay in multiple installments.
8.1.3 If you book a Host Service on behalf of additional guests, you are required to ensure that every additional guest meets any requirements set by the Host, and is made aware of and agrees to these Terms and any terms and conditions, rules and restrictions set by the Host.
If you are booking for an additional guest who is a minor, you represent and warrant that you are legally authorized to act on behalf of the minor.
Minors may only participate in an Experience, Event or other Host Service if accompanied by an adult who is responsible for them.
8.1.4 Airbnb may enable a Guest who is booking a Listing on behalf of one or more additional guests (the “Organizer”) to split the payment of the Total Fees for an eligible booking on a pro-rata basis between the Organizer and at least one other additional guest (each a “Co-Payer”) (the “Group Payment Service”).
In order to participate in the Group Payment Service, each Co-Payer must have or register an Airbnb Account prior to making a payment.
All payments via the Group Payment Service are handled by Airbnb Payments and are subject to the Group Payment Terms of Service.
8.2 Booking Accommodations
8.2.1 You understand that a confirmed booking of an Accommodation (“Accommodation Booking”) is a limited license granted to you by the Host to enter, occupy and use the Accommodation for the duration of your stay, during which time the Host (only where and to the extent permitted by applicable law) retains the right to re-enter the Accommodation, in accordance with your agreement with the Host.
8.2.2 You agree to leave the Accommodation no later than the checkout time that the Host specifies in the Listing or such other time as mutually agreed upon between you and the Host.
If you stay past the agreed upon checkout time without the Host's consent (“Overstay”), you no longer have a license to stay in the Accommodation and the Host is entitled to make you leave in a manner consistent with applicable law.
In addition, you agree to pay, if requested by the Host, for each twenty-four (24) hour period (or any portion thereof) that you Overstay, an additional nightly fee of up to two (2) times the average nightly Listing Fee originally paid by you to cover the inconvenience suffered by the Host, plus all applicable Guest Fees, Taxes, and any legal expenses incurred by the Host to make you leave (collectively, "Overstay Fees").
Overstay Fees for late checkouts on the checkout date that do not impact upcoming bookings may be limited to the additional costs incurred by the Host as a result of such Overstay.
If you Overstay at an Accommodation, you authorize Airbnb (via Airbnb Payments) to charge you to collect Overstay Fees.
A Security Deposit, if required by a Host, may be applied to any Overstay Fees due for a Guest’s Overstay.
8.3 Booking Experiences, Events and other Host Services
8.3.1 You should carefully review the description of any Experience, Event or other Host Service you intend to book to ensure you (and any additional guests you are booking for) meet any minimum age, proficiency, fitness or other requirements which the Host has specified in their Listing.
At your sole discretion you may want to inform the Host of any medical or physical conditions, or other circumstances that may impact your and any additional guest’s ability to participate in any Experience, Event or other Host Service.
In addition, certain laws, like the minimum legal drinking age in the location of the Experience, Event or other Host Service, may also apply.
You are responsible for identifying, understanding, and complying with all laws, rules and regulations that apply to your participation in an Experience, Event or other Host Service.
8.3.2 Before and during an Experience, Event or other Host Service you must at all times adhere to the Hosts’ instructions.
8.3.3 You may not bring any additional individuals to an Experience, Event or other Host Service unless such an individual was added by you as an additional guest during the booking process on the Airbnb Platform.

8.4 Airbnb Travel Credits

Airbnb Travel Credits may be redeemed for eligible bookings via the Airbnb Platform as specified in the terms and conditions provided with the Travel Credit.
You may only redeem Airbnb Travel Credits after the Airbnb Travel Credits are reflected in your Airbnb Account.
9.
Booking Modifications, Cancellations and Refunds, Resolution Center
9.1 Hosts and Guests are responsible for any modifications to a booking that they make via the Airbnb Platform or direct Airbnb customer service to make ("Booking Modifications"), and agree to pay any additional Listing Fees, Host Fees or Guest Fees and/or Taxes associated with such Booking Modifications.
9.2 Guests can cancel a confirmed booking at any time pursuant to the Listing’s cancellation policy set by the Host, and Airbnb Payments will refund the amount of the Total Fees due to the Guest in accordance with such cancellation policy.
Unless extenuating circumstances exist, any portion of the Total Fees due to the Host under the applicable cancellation policy will be remitted to the Host by Airbnb Payments pursuant to the Payments Terms.
9.3 If a Host cancels a confirmed booking, the Guest will receive a full refund of the Total Fees for such booking.
In some instances, Airbnb may allow the Guest to apply the refund to a new booking, in which case Airbnb Payments will credit the amount against the Guest’s subsequent booking at the Guest’s direction.
Further, Airbnb may publish an automated review on the Listing cancelled by the Host indicating that a booking was cancelled.
In addition, Airbnb may (i) keep the calendar for the Listing unavailable or blocked for the dates of the cancelled booking, and/or (ii) impose a cancellation fee, unless the Host has a valid reason for cancelling the booking pursuant to Airbnb’s Extenuating Circumstances Policy or has legitimate concerns about the Guest’s behavior.
9.4 For Experiences, Events and other Host Services, if weather poses a safety risk to Guests, or if it prevents a Host from carrying out a Host Service that takes place primarily outdoors, Hosts may cancel the Host Service.
Hosts may also cancel the Host Service if other conditions exist that would prevent the Host from offering the Host Service safely.

9.5 In certain circumstances, Airbnb may decide, in its sole discretion, that it is necessary to cancel a pending or confirmed booking and initiate corresponding refunds and payouts.
This may be for reasons set forth in Airbnb's Extenuating Circumstances Policy or (i) where Airbnb believes in good faith, while taking the legitimate interests of both parties into account, this is necessary to avoid significant harm to Airbnb, other Members, third parties or property, or (ii) for any of the reasons set out in these Terms.
9.6 If a Guest who books an Accommodation suffers a Travel Issue as defined in the Guest Refund Policy, Airbnb may determine, in its sole discretion, to refund the Guest part or all of the Total Fees in accordance with the Guest Refund Policy.
If a Guest who books an Experience, Event or other Host Service suffers a Travel Issue as defined in the Experiences Guest Refund Policy, Airbnb may determine, in its sole discretion, to refund the Guest part or all of the Total Fees in accordance with the Experiences Guest Refund Policy.
9.7 If a Guest or Airbnb cancels a confirmed booking, and the Guest receives a refund in accordance with the Guest Refund Policy, Experiences Guest Refund Policy, Extenuating Circumstances Policy, or the applicable cancellation policy set by the Host and mentioned in the Listing, after the Host has already been paid, Airbnb Payments will be entitled to recover the amount of any such refund from the Host, including by subtracting such refund amount out from any future Payouts due to the Host.
9.8 Except as otherwise set out in these Terms, Members may use the Resolution Center to send or request money for refunds, additional Host Services or Damage Claims related to bookings.
You agree to pay all amounts sent through the Resolution Center in connection with your Airbnb Account, and Airbnb Payments will handle all such payments.
10.
Ratings and Reviews
10.1 Within a certain timeframe after completing a booking, Guests and Hosts can leave a public review (“Review”) and submit a star rating (“Rating”) about each other.
Ratings or Reviews reflect the opinions of individual Members and do not reflect the opinion of Airbnb.
Ratings and Reviews are not verified by Airbnb for accuracy and may be incorrect or misleading.
10.2 Ratings and Reviews by Guests and Hosts must be accurate and may not contain any offensive or defamatory language.
Ratings and Reviews are subject to Section 5 and must comply with Airbnb’s Content Policy and Extortion Policy.
10.3 Members are prohibited from manipulating the Ratings and Reviews system in any manner, such as instructing a third party to write a positive or negative Review about another Member.
10.4 Ratings and Reviews are part of a Member’s public profile and may also be surfaced elsewhere on the Airbnb Platform (such as the Listing page) together with other relevant information such as number of bookings, number of cancellations, average response time and other information.
11.
Damage to Accommodations, Disputes between Members
11.1 As a Guest, you are responsible for leaving the Accommodation (including any personal or other property located at the Accommodation) in the condition it was in when you arrived.
You are responsible for your own acts and omissions and are also responsible for the acts and omissions of any individuals whom you invite to, or otherwise provide access to, the Accommodation, excluding the Host (and the individuals the Host invites to the Accommodation, if applicable).
11.2 If a Host claims and provides evidence that you as a Guest have damaged an Accommodation or any personal or other property at an Accommodation ("Damage Claim"), the Host can seek payment from you through the Resolution Center.
If a Host escalates a Damage Claim to Airbnb, you will be given an opportunity to respond.
If you agree to pay the Host, or Airbnb determines in its sole discretion that you are responsible for the Damage Claim, Airbnb via Airbnb Payments will, after the end of your stay, collect any such sums from you and/or against the Security Deposit (if applicable) required to cover the Damage Claim pursuant to the Payments Terms.
Airbnb also reserves the right to otherwise collect payment from you and pursue any remedies available to Airbnb in this regard in situations in which you are responsible for a Damage Claim, including, but not limited to, in relation to any payment requests made by Hosts under the Airbnb Host Guarantee or Japan Host Insurance.
11.3 Members agree to cooperate with and assist Airbnb in good faith, and to provide Airbnb with such information and take such actions as may be reasonably requested by Airbnb, in connection with any Damage Claims or other complaints or claims made by Members relating to (i) Accommodations or any personal or other property located at an Accommodation (including, without limitation, payment requests made under the Airbnb Host Guarantee or Japan Host Insurance), (ii) Experiences, (iii) Co-Host agreements, or (iv) a Group Payment Booking.
A Member shall, upon Airbnb's reasonable request and at no cost to the Member, participate in mediation or a similar resolution process with another Member, which process will be conducted by Airbnb or a third party selected by Airbnb or its insurer, with respect to losses for which a Member is requesting payment from Airbnb (including but not limited to payments under the Airbnb Host Guarantee or payment under Japan Host Insurance).
11.4 If you are a Guest or a Co-Host, you understand and agree that Airbnb may make a claim under your homeowner's, renter's or other insurance policy related to any damage or loss that you may have caused, or been responsible for, to any personal or other property (including an Accommodation) of the Host (including without limitation amounts paid by Airbnb under the Airbnb Host Guarantee or amounts paid under Japan Host Insurance).
You agree to cooperate with and assist Airbnb in good faith, and to provide Airbnb with such information as may be reasonably requested by Airbnb, to make a claim under your homeowner's, renter's or other insurance policy, including, but not limited to, executing documents and taking such further acts as Airbnb may reasonably request to assist Airbnb in accomplishing the foregoing.
12.
Rounding off
Airbnb generally supports payment amounts that are payable from or to Guests or Hosts to the smallest unit supported by a given currency (i.e., U.S.
cents, Euro cents or other supported currencies).
Where Airbnb’s third-party payment services provider does not support payments in the smaller unit supported by a given currency, Airbnb may, in its sole discretion, round up or round down the displayed amounts that are payable from or to Guests or Hosts to the nearest whole functional base unit in which the currency is denominated (i.e.
to the nearest dollar, Euro or other supported currency).
for example, Airbnb may round up an amount of $101.50 to $102.00, and round down an amount of $101.49 to $101.00.
13.
Taxes
13.1 As a Host you are solely responsible for determining your obligations to report, collect, remit or include in your Listing Fees any applicable VAT or other indirect sales taxes, occupancy tax, tourist or other visitor taxes or income taxes ("Taxes").
13.2 Tax regulations may require us to collect appropriate Tax information from Hosts, or to withhold Taxes from payouts to Hosts, or both.
If a Host fails to provide us with the required documentation under applicable law (e.g., a tax number) that we determine to be sufficient to alleviate our obligation (if any) to withhold Taxes from payouts to you, we reserve the right to withhold payouts up to the tax-relevant amount as required by law, until resolution.
13.3 You understand that any appropriate governmental agency, department and/or authority ("Tax Authority") where your Accommodation is located may require Taxes to be collected from Guests or Hosts on Listing Fees, and to be remitted to the respective Tax Authority.
The laws in jurisdictions may vary, but these Taxes may be required to be collected and remitted as a percentage of the Listing Fees set by Hosts, a set amount per day, or other variations, and are sometimes called "transient occupancy taxes," "hotel taxes," "lodging taxes," "city taxes," "room taxes" or "tourist taxes" ("Occupancy Taxes").
13.4 In certain jurisdictions, Airbnb may decide in its sole discretion to facilitate collection and remittance of Occupancy Taxes from or on behalf of Guests or Hosts, in accordance with these Terms ("Collection and Remittance") if such jurisdiction asserts Airbnb or Hosts have an Occupancy Tax collection and remittance obligation.
In any jurisdiction in which we decide to facilitate direct Collection and Remittance, you hereby instruct and authorize Airbnb (via Airbnb Payments) to collect Occupancy Taxes from Guests on the Host's behalf at the time Listing Fees are collected, and to remit such Occupancy Taxes to the Tax Authority.
In other jurisdictions Airbnb may decide in its sole discretion to collect Occupancy Taxes and remit such Taxes to eligible and qualifying Hosts, based on tax information supplied by the Host, for ultimate reporting and remittance by such Host to the Tax Authority (“Pass-Through Tax Feature”).
Such Hosts using the Pass-Through Tax Feature will be solely responsible for informing Airbnb about the correct Occupancy Tax amount to be collected from the Guest in accordance with applicable law and directly remitting the Occupancy Taxes to the relevant Tax Authority.
Airbnb does not assume any liability for the failure of a participating Host to comply with any applicable tax reporting or remittance obligations.
The amount of Occupancy Taxes, if any, collected and remitted by Airbnb will be visible to and separately stated to both Guests and Hosts on their respective transaction documents.
Where Airbnb is facilitating Collection and Remittance, Hosts are not permitted to collect any Occupancy Taxes being collected by Airbnb relating to their Accommodations in that jurisdiction.
13.5 You agree that any claim or cause of action relating to Airbnb's facilitation of Collection and Remittance of Occupancy Taxes shall not extend to any supplier or vendor that may be used by Airbnb in connection with facilitation of Collection and Remittance, if any.
Guests and Hosts agree that we may seek additional amounts from you in the event that the Taxes collected and/or remitted are insufficient to fully discharge your obligations to the Tax Authority, and agree that your sole remedy for Occupancy Taxes collected is a refund of Occupancy Taxes collected by Airbnb from the applicable Tax Authority in accordance with applicable procedures set by that Tax Authority.
13.6 Airbnb reserves the right, with prior notice to Hosts, to cease the Collection and Remittance in any jurisdiction for any reason at which point Hosts and Guests are once again solely responsible and liable for the collection and/or remittance of any and all Occupancy Taxes that may apply to Accommodations in that jurisdiction.
14.
Prohibited Activities
14.1 You are solely responsible for compliance with any and all laws, rules, regulations, and Tax obligations that may apply to your use of the Airbnb Platform.
In connection with your use of the Airbnb Platform, you will not and will not assist or enable others to:

breach or circumvent any applicable laws or regulations, agreements with third-parties, third-party rights, or our Terms, Policies or Standards;
use the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content for any commercial or other purposes that are not expressly permitted by these Terms or in a manner that falsely implies Airbnb endorsement, partnership or otherwise misleads others as to your affiliation with Airbnb;
copy, store or otherwise access or use any information, including personally identifiable information about any other Member, contained on the Airbnb Platform in any way that is inconsistent with Airbnb’s Privacy Policy or these Terms or that otherwise violates the privacy rights of Members or third parties;
use the Airbnb Platform in connection with the distribution of unsolicited commercial messages ("spam");
offer, as a Host, any Accommodation that you do not yourself own or have permission to make available as a residential or other property through the Airbnb Platform;
unless Airbnb explicitly permits otherwise, book any Listing if you will not actually be using the Host Services yourself;
contact another Member for any purpose other than asking a question related to a your own booking, Listing, or the Member's use of the Airbnb Platform, including, but not limited to, recruiting or otherwise soliciting any Member to join third-party services, applications or websites, without our prior written approval;
use the Airbnb Platform to request, make or accept a booking independent of the Airbnb Platform, to circumvent any Service Fees or for any other reason;
request, accept or make any payment for Listing Fees outside of the Airbnb Platform or Airbnb Payments.
If you do so, you acknowledge and agree that you: (i) would be in breach of these Terms.
(ii) accept all risks and responsibility for such payment, and (iii) hold Airbnb harmless from any liability for such payment;
discriminate against or harass anyone on the basis of race, national origin, religion, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, age or sexual orientation, or otherwise engage in any violent, harmful, abusive or disruptive behavior;
misuse or abuse any Listings or services associated with the Airbnb Open Homes program as determined by Airbnb in its sole discretion.
use, display, mirror or frame the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content, or any individual element within the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb's name, any Airbnb trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page in the Airbnb Platform, without Airbnb's express written consent;
dilute, tarnish or otherwise harm the Airbnb brand in any way, including through unauthorized use of Collective Content, registering and/or using Airbnb or derivative terms in domain names, trade names, trademarks or other source identifiers, or registering and/or using domains names, trade names, trademarks or other source identifiers that closely imitate or are confusingly similar to Airbnb domains, trademarks, taglines, promotional campaigns or Collective Content;
use any robots, spider, crawler, scraper or other automated means or processes to access, collect data or other content from or otherwise interact with the Airbnb Platform for any purpose;
avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble, or otherwise attempt to circumvent any technological measure implemented by Airbnb or any of Airbnb's providers or any other third party to protect the Airbnb Platform;
attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the Airbnb Platform;
take any action that damages or adversely affects, or could damage or adversely affect the performance or proper functioning of the Airbnb Platform;
export, re-export, import, or transfer the Application except as authorized by United States law, the export control laws of your jurisdiction, and any other applicable laws.
or
violate or infringe anyone else’s rights or otherwise cause harm to anyone.

14.2 You acknowledge that Airbnb has no obligation to monitor the access to or use of the Airbnb Platform by any Member or to review, disable access to, or edit any Member Content, but has the right to do so to (i) operate, secure and improve the Airbnb Platform (including without limitation for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation and customer support purposes).
(ii) ensure Members’ compliance with these Terms.
(iii) comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, law enforcement or other administrative agency or governmental body.
(iv) respond to Member Content that it determines is harmful or objectionable.
or (v) as otherwise set forth in these Terms.
Members agree to cooperate with and assist Airbnb in good faith, and to provide Airbnb with such information and take such actions as may be reasonably requested by Airbnb with respect to any investigation undertaken by Airbnb or a representative of Airbnb regarding the use or abuse of the Airbnb Platform.
14.3 If you feel that any Member you interact with, whether online or in person, is acting or has acted inappropriately, including but not limited to anyone who (i) engages in offensive, violent or sexually inappropriate behavior, (ii) you suspect of stealing from you, or (iii) engages in any other disturbing conduct, you should immediately report such person to the appropriate authorities and then to Airbnb by contacting us with your police station and report number (if available).
You agree that any report you make will not obligate us to take any action (beyond that required by law, if any).
15.
Term and Termination, Suspension and other Measures
15.1 This Agreement shall be effective for a 30-day term, at the end of which it will automatically and continuously renew for subsequent 30-day terms until such time when you or Airbnb terminate the Agreement in accordance with this provision.
15.2 You may terminate this Agreement at any time by sending us an email.
If you cancel your Airbnb Account as a Host, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and your Guests will receive a full refund.
If you cancel your Airbnb Account as a Guest, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and any refund will depend upon the terms of the Listing’s cancellation policy.
15.3 Without limiting our rights specified below, Airbnb may terminate this Agreement for convenience at any time by giving you thirty (30) days' notice via email to your registered email address.
15.4 Airbnb may immediately, without notice, terminate this Agreement and/or stop providing access to the Airbnb Platform if (i) you have materially breached your obligations under these Terms, the Payments Terms, our Policies or Standards, (ii) you have violated applicable laws, regulations or third party rights, or (iii) Airbnb believes in good faith that such action is reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety or property of Airbnb, its Members, or third parties (for example in the case of fraudulent behavior of a Member).
15.5 In addition, Airbnb may take any of the following measures (i) to comply with applicable law, or the order or request of a court, law enforcement or other administrative agency or governmental body, or if (ii) you have breached these Terms, the Payments Terms, our Policies or Standards, applicable laws, regulations, or third party rights, (iii) you have provided inaccurate, fraudulent, outdated or incomplete information during the Airbnb Account registration, Listing process or thereafter, (iv) you and/or your Listings or Host Services at any time fail to meet any applicable quality or eligibility criteria, (v) you have repeatedly received poor Ratings or Reviews or Airbnb otherwise becomes aware of or has received complaints about your performance or conduct, (vi) you have repeatedly cancelled confirmed bookings or failed to respond to booking requests without a valid reason, or (vii) Airbnb believes in good faith that such action is reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety or property of Airbnb, its Members, or third parties, or to prevent fraud or other illegal activity:

refuse to surface, delete or delay any Listings, Ratings, Reviews, or other Member Content;
cancel any pending or confirmed bookings;
limit your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform;
temporarily or permanently revoke any special status associated with your Airbnb Account;
temporarily or in case of severe or repeated offenses permanently suspend your Airbnb Account and stop providing access to the Airbnb Platform.

In case of non-material breaches and where appropriate, you will be given notice of any intended measure by Airbnb and an opportunity to resolve the issue to Airbnb's reasonable satisfaction.
15.6 If we take any of the measures described above (i) we may refund your Guests in full for any and all confirmed bookings that have been cancelled, irrespective of preexisting cancellation policies, and (ii) you will not be entitled to any compensation for pending or confirmed bookings that were cancelled.
15.7 When this Agreement has been terminated, you are not entitled to a restoration of your Airbnb Account or any of your Member Content.
If your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform has been limited or your Airbnb Account has been suspended or this Agreement has been terminated by us, you may not register a new Airbnb Account or access and use the Airbnb Platform through an Airbnb Account of another Member.
15.8 Sections 5 and 16 to 22 of these Terms shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.
16.
Disclaimers

If you choose to use the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content, you do so voluntarily and at your sole risk.
The Airbnb Platform and Collective Content is provided “as is”, without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.


You agree that you have had whatever opportunity you deem necessary to investigate the Airbnb Services, laws, rules, or regulations that may be applicable to your Listings and/or Host Services you are receiving and that you are not relying upon any statement of law or fact made by Airbnb relating to a Listing.


If we choose to conduct identity verification or background checks on any Member, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim warranties of any kind, either express or implied, that such checks will identify prior misconduct by a Member or guarantee that a Member will not engage in misconduct in the future.


You agree that some Experiences, Events, other Host Services, or the Group Payment Service may carry inherent risk, and by participating in such services, you choose to assume those risks voluntarily.
For example, some Host Services may carry risk of illness, bodily injury, disability, or death, and you freely and willfully assume those risks by choosing to participate in those Host Services.
You assume full responsibility for the choices you make before, during and after your participation in a Host Service or the Group Payment Service.
If you are bringing a minor as an additional guest, you are solely responsible for the supervision of that minor throughout the duration of your Host Service and to the maximum extent permitted by law, you agree to release and hold harmless Airbnb from all liabilities and claims that arise in any way from any injury, death, loss or harm that occurs to that minor during the Host Service or in any way related to your Host Service.


The foregoing disclaimers apply to the maximum extent permitted by law.
You may have other statutory rights.
However, the duration of statutorily required warranties, if any, shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.

17.
Liability

You acknowledge and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the entire risk arising out of your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform and Collective Content, your publishing or booking of any Listing via the Airbnb Platform, your stay at any Accommodation, participation in any Experience or Event or use of any other Host Service, participation in the Group Payment Service, or any other interaction you have with other Members whether in person or online remains with you.
Neither Airbnb nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content will be liable for any incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages, including lost profits, loss of data or loss of goodwill, service interruption, computer damage or system failure or the cost of substitute products or services, or for any damages for personal or bodily injury or emotional distress arising out of or in connection with (i) these Terms, (ii) from the use of or inability to use the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content, (iii) from any communications, interactions or meetings with other Members or other persons with whom you communicate, interact or meet with as a result of your use of the Airbnb Platform, or (iv) from your publishing or booking of a Listing, including the provision or use of a Listing’s Host Services, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), product liability or any other legal theory, and whether or not Airbnb has been informed of the possibility of such damage, even if a limited remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Except for our obligations to pay amounts to applicable Hosts pursuant to these Terms or an approved payment request under the Airbnb Host Guarantee or Japan Host Insurance, in no event will Airbnb’s aggregate liability arising out of or in connection with these Terms and your use of the Airbnb Platform including, but not limited to, from your publishing or booking of any Listings via the Airbnb Platform, or from the use of or inability to use the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content and in connection with any Accommodation, Experiences, Event,other Host Service, the Group Payment Service, or interactions with any other Members, exceed the amounts you have paid or owe for bookings via the Airbnb Platform as a Guest in the twelve (12) month period prior to the event giving rise to the liability, or if you are a Host, the amounts paid by Airbnb to you in the twelve (12) month period prior to the event giving rise to the liability, or one hundred U.S.
dollars (US$100), if no such payments have been made, as applicable.
The limitations of damages set forth above are fundamental elements of the basis of the bargain between Airbnb and you.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the above limitation may not apply to you.
If you reside outside of the U.S., this does not affect Airbnb’s liability for death or personal injury arising from its negligence, nor for fraudulent misrepresentation, misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.

18.
Indemnification
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to release, defend (at Airbnb’s option), indemnify, and hold Airbnb and its affiliates and subsidiaries, including but not limited to, Airbnb Payments, and their officers, directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your breach of these Terms or our Policies or Standards, (ii) your improper use of the Airbnb Platform or any Airbnb Services, (iii) your interaction with any Member, stay at an Accommodation, participation in an Experience, Event or other Host Service, participation in the Group Payment Service, including without limitation any injuries, losses or damages (whether compensatory, direct, incidental, consequential or otherwise) of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of such interaction, stay, participation or use, (iv) Airbnb’s Collection and Remittance of Occupancy Taxes, or (v) your breach of any laws, regulations or third party rights.
19.
Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement
19.1 This Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement shall apply if your (i) country of residence or establishment is in the United States.
or (ii) your country of residence or establishment is not in the United States, but bring any claim against Airbnb in the United States (to the extent not in conflict with Section 21).
19.2 Overview of Dispute Resolution Process.
Airbnb is committed to participating in a consumer-friendly dispute resolution process.
To that end, these Terms provide for a two-part process for individuals to whom Section 19.1 applies: (1) an informal negotiation directly with Airbnb’s customer service team, and (2) a binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) using its specially designed Consumer Arbitration Rules (as modified by this Section 19 and except as provided in Section 19.6).
Specifically, the Consumer Arbitration Rules provide:

Claims can be filed with AAA online (www.adr.org);
Arbitrators must be neutral and no party may unilaterally select an arbitrator;
Arbitrators must disclose any bias, interest in the result of the arbitration, or relationship with any party;
Parties retain the right to seek relief in small claims court for certain claims, at their option;
The initial filing fee for the consumer is capped at $200;
The consumer gets to elect the hearing location and can elect to participate live, by phone, video conference, or, for claims under $25,000, by the submission of documents;
The arbitrator can grant any remedy that the parties could have received in court to resolve the party’s individual claim.

19.3 Pre-Arbitration Dispute Resolution and Notification.
Prior to initiating an arbitration, you and Airbnb each agree to notify the other party of the dispute and attempt to negotiate an informal resolution to it first.
We will contact you at the email address you have provided to us.
you can contact Airbnb’s customer service team by emailing us.
If after a good faith effort to negotiate one of us feels the dispute has not and cannot be resolved informally, the party intending to pursue arbitration agrees to notify the other party via email prior to initiating the arbitration.
In order to initiate arbitration, a claim must be filed with the AAA and the written Demand for Arbitration (available at www.adr.org) provided to the other party, as specified in the AAA Rules.

19.4 Agreement to Arbitrate.
You and Airbnb mutually agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the applicability, breach, termination, validity, enforcement or interpretation thereof, or to the use of the Airbnb Platform, the Host Services, the Group Payment Service, or the Collective Content (collectively, “Disputes”) will be settled by binding individual arbitration (the “Arbitration Agreement”).
If there is a dispute about whether this Arbitration Agreement can be enforced or applies to our Dispute, you and Airbnb agree that the arbitrator will decide that issue.

19.5 Exceptions to Arbitration Agreement.
You and Airbnb each agree that the following claims are exceptions to the Arbitration Agreement and will be brought in a judicial proceeding in a court of competent jurisdiction: (i) Any claim related to actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights.
(ii) Any claim seeking emergency injunctive relief based on exigent circumstances (e.g., imminent danger or commission of a crime, hacking, cyber-attack).
19.6 Arbitration Rules and Governing Law.
This Arbitration Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision.
The arbitration will be administered by AAA in accordance with the Consumer Arbitration Rules and/or other AAA arbitration rules determined to be applicable by the AAA (the “AAA Rules“) then in effect, except as modified here.
The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1–800–778–7879.
19.7 Modification to AAA Rules - Arbitration Hearing/Location.
In order to make the arbitration most convenient to you, Airbnb agrees that any required arbitration hearing may be conducted, at your option, (a) in the county where you reside.
(b) in San Francisco County.
(c) in any other location to which you and Airbnb both agree.
(d) via phone or video conference.
or (e) for any claim or counterclaim under $25,000, by solely the submission of documents to the arbitrator.
19.8 Modification of AAA Rules - Attorney’s Fees and Costs.
You and Airbnb agree that Airbnb will be responsible for payment of the balance of any initial filing fee under the AAA Rules in excess of $200 for claims of $75,000 or less.
You may be entitled to seek an award of attorney fees and expenses if you prevail in arbitration, to the extent provided under applicable law and the AAA rules.
Unless the arbitrator determines that your claim was frivolous or filed for the purpose of harassment, Airbnb agrees it will not seek, and hereby waives all rights it may have under applicable law or the AAA Rules, to recover attorneys’ fees and expenses if it prevails in arbitration.
19.9 Arbitrator’s Decision.
The arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award.
Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court with proper jurisdiction.
The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only on an individual basis and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim.

19.10 Jury Trial Waiver.
You and Airbnb acknowledge and agree that we are each waiving the right to a trial by jury as to all arbitrable Disputes.


19.11 No Class Actions or Representative Proceedings.
You and Airbnb acknowledge and agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we are each waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action lawsuit, class-wide arbitration, private attorney general action, or any other representative proceeding as to all Disputes.
Further, unless you and Airbnb both otherwise agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one party’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding.
If the “class action lawsuit” waiver or the “class-wide arbitration” waiver in this Section 19.11 is held unenforceable with respect to any Dispute, then the entirety of the Arbitration Agreement will be deemed void with respect to such Dispute and the Dispute must proceed in court.
If the “private attorney general action” waiver or the “representative proceeding” waiver in this Section 19.11 is held unenforceable with respect to any Dispute, those waivers may be severed from this Arbitration Agreement and you and Airbnb agree that any private attorney general claims and representative claims in the Dispute will be severed and stayed, pending the resolution of any arbitrable claims in the Dispute in individual arbitration.

19.12 Severability.
Except as provided in Section 19.11, in the event that any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is deemed illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall be given full force and effect.
19.13 Changes.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3 (“Modification of these Terms”), if Airbnb changes this Section 19 (“Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement”) after the date you last accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email) within thirty (30) days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last Updated” date above or in the date of Airbnb’s email to you notifying you of such change.
Rejecting a new change, however, does not revoke or alter your prior consent to any earlier agreements to arbitrate any Dispute between you and Airbnb (or your prior consent to any subsequent changes thereto), which will remain in effect and enforceable as to any Dispute between you and Airbnb.
19.14 Survival.
Except as provided in Section 19.12 and subject to Section 15.8, this Section 19 will survive any termination of these Terms and will continue to apply even if you stop using the Airbnb Platform or terminate your Airbnb Account.
20.
Feedback
We welcome and encourage you to provide feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Airbnb Platform (“Feedback“).
You may submit Feedback by emailing us, through the “Contact” section of the Airbnb Platform, or by other means of communication.
Any Feedback you submit to us will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary to you.
By submitting Feedback to us, you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, sub-licensable, perpetual license to use and publish those ideas and materials for any purpose, without compensation to you.
21.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
21.1 If your country of residence or establishment is the United States, these Terms will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California and the United States of America, without regard to conflict-of-law provisions.
Judicial proceedings (other than small claims actions) that are excluded from the Arbitration Agreement in Section 19 must be brought in state or federal court in San Francisco, California, unless we both agree to some other location.
You and we both consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in San Francisco, California.
21.2 If your country of residence or establishment is China these Terms will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of China (“China Laws”).
Any dispute arising from or in connection with this Agreement shall be submitted to the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (CIETAC) for arbitration in Beijing which shall be conducted in accordance with CIETAC’s arbitration rules in effect at the time of applying for arbitration, provided that this section shall not be construed to limit any rights which Airbnb may have to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for an order requiring you to perform or be prohibited from performing certain acts and other provisional relief permitted under China Laws or any other laws that may apply to you.
The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in English.
The arbitral award rendered is final and binding upon both parties.
21.3 If your country of residence or establishment is outside of the United States and China, these Terms will be interpreted in accordance with Irish law.
The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) is excluded.
The choice of law does not impact your rights as a consumer according to the consumer protection regulations of your country of residence.
If you are acting as a consumer, you agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.
Judicial proceedings that you are able to bring against us arising from or in connection with these Terms may only be brought in a court located in Ireland or a court with jurisdiction in your place of residence.
If Airbnb wishes to enforce any of its rights against you as a consumer, we may do so only in the courts of the jurisdiction in which you are a resident.
If you are acting as a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.
22.
General Provisions
22.1 Except as they may be supplemented by additional terms and conditions, policies, guidelines or standards, these Terms constitute the entire Agreement between Airbnb and you pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Airbnb and you in relation to the access to and use of the Airbnb Platform.
22.2 No joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Airbnb as a result of this Agreement or your use of the Airbnb Platform.
22.3 These Terms do not and are not intended to confer any rights or remedies upon any person other than the parties.
22.4 If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be struck and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
22.5 Airbnb’s failure to enforce any right or provision in these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing.
Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise permitted under law.
22.6 You may not assign, transfer or delegate this Agreement and your rights and obligations hereunder without Airbnb's prior written consent.
Airbnb may without restriction assign, transfer or delegate this Agreement and any rights and obligations hereunder, at its sole discretion, with 30 days prior notice.
Your right to terminate this Agreement at any time remains unaffected.
22.7 Unless specified otherwise, any notices or other communications to Members permitted or required under this Agreement, will be provided electronically and given by Airbnb via email, Airbnb Platform notification, or messaging service (including SMS and WeChat).
If your booking is in respect of a Listing in Japan, you agree and acknowledge that such notifications via electronic means in lieu of a written statement, satisfies Airbnb’s obligations under Article 59 Paragraph 1 of the Japanese Housing Accommodation Business Act.
22.8 If you have any questions about these Terms please email us. Terms of Service for European Users

Please read these Terms of Service for European Users (“Terms”) carefully as they contain important information about your legal rights, remedies and obligations.
By accessing or using the Airbnb Platform, you agree to comply with and be bound by these Terms.


Please note: Section 19 of these Terms contains an arbitration clause and class action waiver that applies to all claims brought against Airbnb in the United States.
It affects how disputes with Airbnb are resolved.
By accepting these Terms, you agree to be bound by this arbitration clause and class action waiver.
Please read it carefully.


You can access the European Commission’s online dispute resolution platform here: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr.
Please note that Airbnb is not committed nor obliged to use an alternative dispute resolution entity to resolve disputes with consumers.

Last Updated: November 1, 2019
Thank you for using Airbnb!
These Terms constitute a legally binding agreement ("Agreement") between you and Airbnb (as defined below) governing your access to and use of the Airbnb website, including any subdomains thereof, and any other websites through which Airbnb makes its services available (collectively, "Site"), our mobile, tablet and other smart device applications, and application program interfaces (collectively, "Application") and all associated services (collectively, "Airbnb Services").
The Site, Application and Airbnb Services together are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Airbnb Platform”.
Our Host Guarantee Terms, Guest Refund Policy, Nondiscrimination Policy and other Policies applicable to your use of the Airbnb Platform are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
When these Terms mention “Airbnb,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to Airbnb Ireland UC (“Airbnb Ireland”), The Watermarque Building, South Lotts Road, Ringsend, Dublin 4, Ireland.
.
If you change your country of residence or establishment to a country outside of the EEA, the Airbnb company you contract with and the applicable Terms of Service will be determined by your new country of residence or establishment as specified in the Terms of Service for Non-European Users, from the date on which your country of residence or establishment changes.
Our collection and use of personal information in connection with your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform is described in our Privacy Policy.
Any and all payment processing services through or in connection with your use of the Airbnb Platform ("Payment Services") are provided to you by one or more Airbnb Payments entities (individually and collectively, as appropriate, "Airbnb Payments") as set out in the Payments Terms of Service ("Payments Terms").
Hosts alone are responsible for identifying, understanding, and complying with all laws, rules and regulations that apply to their Listings and Host Services (as defined below).
For example, some cities have laws that restrict their ability to host paying guests for short periods or provide certain Host Services.
In many cities, Hosts may have to register, get a permit or obtain a license before providing certain Host Services (such as preparing food, serving alcohol for sale, guiding tours or operating a vehicle).
Host are alone responsible for identifying and obtaining any required licenses, permits, or registrations for any Host Services they offer.
Certain types of Host Services may be prohibited altogether.
Penalties may include fines or other enforcement.
We provide some information in our Help Center to help you identify some of the obligations that apply to you.
If you have questions about how local laws apply to your Listing(s) and Host Service(s) on Airbnb, you should always seek legal guidance.
Table of Contents

Scope of Airbnb Services
Eligibility, Using the Airbnb Platform, Member Verification
Modification of these Terms
Account Registration
Content
Service Fees
Terms specific for Hosts
Terms specific for Guests
Booking Modifications, Cancellations and Refunds, Resolution Center
Ratings and Reviews
Damage to Accommodations, Disputes between Members
Rounding off, Currency conversion
Taxes
Prohibited Activities
Term and Termination, Suspension and other Measures
Disclaimers
Liability
Indemnification
Dispute Resolution
Feedback
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
General Provisions

1.
Scope of Airbnb Services
1.1 The Airbnb Platform is an online marketplace that enables registered users (“Members”) and certain third parties who offer services (Members and third parties who offer services are “Hosts” and the services they offer are “Host Services”) to publish such Host Services on the Airbnb Platform (“Listings”) and to communicate and transact directly with Members that are seeking to book such Host Services (Members using Host Services are “Guests”).
Host Services may include the offering of vacation or other properties for use ("Accommodations"), single or multi-day activities in various categories (“Experiences”), access to unique events and locations (“Events”), and a variety of other travel and non-travel related services.
1.2 As the provider of the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb does not own, create, sell, resell, provide, control, manage, offer, deliver, or supply any Listings or Host Services, nor is Airbnb an organiser or retailer of travel packages under Directive (EU) 2015/2302.
Hosts alone are responsible for their Listings and Host Services.
When Members make or accept a booking, they are entering into a contract directly with each other.
Airbnb is not and does not become a party to or other participant in any contractual relationship between Members, nor is Airbnb a real estate broker or insurer.
Airbnb is not acting as an agent in any capacity for any Member, except as specified in the Payments Terms.
1.3 While we may help facilitate the resolution of disputes, Airbnb has no control over and does not guarantee (i) the existence, quality, safety, suitability, or legality of any Listings or Host Services, (ii) the truth or accuracy of any Listing descriptions, Ratings, Reviews, or other Member Content (as defined below), or (iii) the performance or conduct of any Member or third party.
Airbnb does not endorse any Member, Listing or Host Services.
Any references to a Member being "verified" (or similar language) only indicate that the Member has completed a relevant verification or identification process and nothing else.
Any such description is not an endorsement, certification or guarantee by Airbnb about any Member, including of the Member's identity or background or whether the Member is trustworthy, safe or suitable.
You should always exercise due diligence and care when deciding whether to stay in an Accommodation, participate in an Experience or Event or use other Host Services, accept a booking request from a Guest, or communicate and interact with other Members, whether online or in person.
Verified Images (as defined below) are intended only to indicate a photographic representation of a Listing at the time the photograph was taken, and are therefore not an endorsement by Airbnb of any Host or Listing.
1.4 If you choose to use the Airbnb Platform as a Host or Co-Host (as defined below), your relationship with Airbnb is limited to being an independent, third-party contractor, and not an employee, agent, joint venturer or partner of Airbnb for any reason, and you act exclusively on your own behalf and for your own benefit, and not on behalf, or for the benefit, of Airbnb.
Airbnb does not, and shall not be deemed to, direct or control you generally or in your performance under these Terms specifically, including in connection with your provision of the Host Services.
You acknowledge that you have complete discretion whether to list Host Services or otherwise engage in other business or employment activities.
1.5 To promote the Airbnb Platform and to increase the exposure of Listings to potential Guests, Listings and other Member Content may be displayed on other websites, in applications, within emails, and in online and offline advertisements in accordance with Section 5.
To assist Members who speak different languages, Airbnb may make automated tools available to enable Members to translate Listings and other Member Content, in whole or in part, into other languages.
Members are free to use these tools at their own discretion.
Airbnb cannot guarantee the accuracy or quality of such translations and Members are responsible for reviewing and verifying the accuracy of such translations.
1.6 The Airbnb Platform may contain links to third-party websites or resources (“Third-Party Services”).
Such Third-Party Services may be subject to different terms and conditions and privacy practices.
Airbnb is not responsible or liable for the availability or accuracy of such Third-Party Services, or the content, products, or services available from such Third-Party Services.
Links to such Third-Party Services are not an endorsement by Airbnb of such Third-Party Services.
1.7 Airbnb is not responsible for outages or disruptions of the Internet and telecommunications infrastructure which are beyond our control and can lead to interruptions in the availability of the Airbnb Platform.
Airbnb may, temporarily and under consideration of the Members’ legitimate interests (e.g.
by providing prior notice), restrict the availability of the Airbnb Platform or certain areas or features thereof, if this is necessary in view of capacity limits, the security or integrity of our servers, or to carry out maintenance measures that ensure the proper or improved functioning of the Airbnb Platform.
Section 17 (Liability) remains unaffected.
Airbnb may improve, enhance and modify the Airbnb Platform and introduce new Airbnb Services from time to time.
Airbnb will provide notice to Members of any changes to the Airbnb Platform, unless such changes are of minor nature without having a material effect on the parties’ contractual obligations.
2.
Eligibility, Using the Airbnb Platform, Member Verification
2.1 In order to access and use the Airbnb Platform or register an Airbnb Account you must be an individual at least 18 years old or a duly organized, validly existing business, organization or other legal entity in good standing under the laws of the country you are registered and able to enter into legally binding contracts.
2.2 You will comply with any applicable export control laws in your local jurisdiction.
You also represent and warrant that (i) neither you nor your Host Service(s) are located or take place in a country that is subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
2.3 Airbnb may make access to and use of the Airbnb Platform, or certain areas or features of the Airbnb Platform, subject to certain conditions or requirements, such as completing a verification process, meeting specific quality or eligibility criteria, meeting Ratings or Reviews thresholds, or a Member’s booking and cancellation history.
2.4 User verification on the Internet is difficult and we do not assume any responsibility for the confirmation of any Member’s identity.
Notwithstanding the above, for transparency and fraud prevention purposes, and as permitted by applicable laws, we may, but have no obligation to (i) ask Members to provide a form of government identification or other information or undertake additional checks designed to help verify the identities or backgrounds of Members, (ii) screen Members against third party databases or other sources and request reports from service providers, and (iii) where we have sufficient information to identify a Member, obtain reports from public records of criminal convictions or sex offender registrations or an equivalent version of background or registered sex offender checks in your local jurisdiction (if available).
2.5 The access to or use of certain areas and features of the Airbnb Platform may be subject to separate policies, standards or guidelines, or may require that you accept additional terms and conditions,before you can access the relevant areas or features of the Airbnb Platform.
If there is a conflict between these Terms and terms and conditions applicable to a specific area or feature of the Airbnb Platform, the latter terms and conditions will take precedence with respect to your access to or use of that area or feature, unless specified otherwise in the latter terms and conditions.
2.6 If you access or download the Application from the Apple App Store, you agree to Apple’s Licensed Application End User License Agreement.
Some areas of the Airbnb Platform implement Google Maps/Earth mapping services, including Google Maps API(s).
Your use of Google Maps/Earth is subject to the Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service.
3.
Modification of these Terms
Airbnb reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time in accordance with this provision.
If we make changes to these Terms, we will post the revised Terms on the Airbnb Platform and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms.
We will also provide you with notice of the modifications by email at least thirty (30) days before the date they become effective.
If you disagree with the revised Terms, you may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect.
We will inform you about your right to terminate the Agreement in the notification email.
If you do not terminate your Agreement before the date the revised Terms become effective, your continued access to or use of the Airbnb Platform will constitute acceptance of the revised Terms.
4.
Account Registration
4.1 You must register an account ("Airbnb Account") to access and use certain features of the Airbnb Platform, such as publishing or booking a Listing.
If you are registering an Airbnb Account for a business, organization or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to legally bind that entity and grant us all permissions and licenses provided in these Terms.
4.2 You can register an Airbnb Account using an email address and creating a password, or through your account with certain third-party social networking services, such as Facebook or Google ("SNS Account").
You have the ability to disable the connection between your Airbnb Account and your SNS Account at any time, by accessing the "Settings" section of the Airbnb Platform.
4.3 You must provide accurate, current and complete information during the registration process and keep your Airbnb Account and public Airbnb Account profile page information up-to-date at all times.
4.4 You may not register more than one (1) Airbnb Account unless Airbnb authorizes you to do so.
You may not assign or otherwise transfer your Airbnb Account to another party.
4.5 You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your Airbnb Account credentials and may not disclose your credentials to any third party.
You must immediately notify Airbnb if you know or have any reason to suspect that your credentials have been lost, stolen, misappropriated, or otherwise compromised or in case of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your Airbnb Account.
You are liable for any and all activities conducted through your Airbnb Account, unless such activities are not authorized by you and you are not otherwise negligent (such as failing to report the unauthorized use or loss of your credentials).
4.6 Airbnb may enable features that allow you to authorize other Members or certain third parties to take certain actions that affect your Airbnb Account.
For example, we may enable Members to link their Airbnb Accounts to businesses and take actions for those businesses, we may enable eligible Members or certain third parties to book Listings on behalf of other Members, or we may enable Hosts to add other Members as Co-Hosts (as defined below) to help manage their Listings.
These features do not require that you share your credentials with any other person.
No third party is authorized by Airbnb to ask for your credentials, and you shall not request the credentials of another Member.
5.
Content
5.1 Airbnb may enable Members to (i) create, upload, post, send, receive and store content, such as text, photos, audio, video, or other materials and information on or through the Airbnb Platform ("Member Content").
and (ii) access and view Member Content and any content that Airbnb itself makes available on or through the Airbnb Platform, including proprietary Airbnb content and any content licensed or authorized for use by or through Airbnb from a third party ("Airbnb Content" and together with Member Content, "Collective Content").
5.2 The Airbnb Platform, Airbnb Content, and Member Content may in its entirety or in part be protected by copyright, trademark, and/or other laws of the United States and other countries.
You acknowledge and agree that the Airbnb Platform and Airbnb Content, including all associated intellectual property rights, are the exclusive property of Airbnb and/or its licensors or authorizing third-parties.
You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb Content or Member Content.
All trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names, and any other source identifiers of Airbnb used on or in connection with the Airbnb Platform and Airbnb Content are trademarks or registered trademarks of Airbnb in the United States and abroad.
Trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations of third parties used on or in connection with the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb Content, and/or Collective Content are used for identification purposes only and may be the property of their respective owners.
5.3 You will not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content, except to the extent you are the legal owner of certain Member Content or as expressly permitted in these Terms.
No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise under any intellectual property rights owned or controlled by Airbnb or its licensors, except for the licenses and rights expressly granted in these Terms.
5.4 Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Airbnb grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferable license to (i) download and use the Application on your personal device(s).
and (ii) access and view any Collective Content made available on or through the Airbnb Platform and accessible to you, solely for your personal and non-commercial use.
5.5 By uploading, posting or otherwise making available any Member Content on or through the Airbnb Platform, you grant to Airbnb, as you create, publish or make it available, a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable license to such Member Content, for the term of the protection of the rights so licensed, to access, use, store, copy, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, publish, transmit, stream, broadcast, and otherwise exploit in any manner such Member Content to provide and/or promote the Airbnb Platform, in any media or platform, known or unknown to date and in particular on Internet and social networks.
Insofar as Member Content (including Verified Images) includes personal information, such Member Content will only be used for these purposes if such use complies with applicable data protection laws in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Unless you provide specific consent, Airbnb does not claim any ownership rights in any Member Content and nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use or exploit your Member Content.
5.6 Airbnb may offer Hosts the option of having professional photographers take photographs of their Host Services, which are made available by the photographer to Hosts to include in their Listings with or without a watermark or tag bearing the words "Airbnb.com Verified Photo" or similar wording ("Verified Images").
You are responsible for ensuring that your Host Service is accurately represented in the Verified Images and you will stop using the Verified Images on or through the Airbnb Platform if they no longer accurately represent your Listing, if you stop hosting the Host Service featured, or if your Airbnb Account is terminated or suspended for any reason.
You acknowledge that you hold no ownership right whatsoever in the intellectual property related to any Verified Images.
You acknowledge and agree that Airbnb shall have the right to use any Verified Images in accordance with Section 5.5 including to provide and promote the Platform.
Airbnb in turn grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferable license to use Verified Images outside of the Airbnb Platform solely for your personal and non-commercial use.
5.7 You are solely responsible for all Member Content that you make available on or through the Airbnb Platform.
Accordingly, you represent and warrant that: (i) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all Member Content that you make available on or through the Airbnb Platform or you have all rights, licenses, consents and releases that are necessary to grant to Airbnb the rights in and to such Member Content, as contemplated under these Terms.
and (ii) neither the Member Content nor your posting, uploading, publication, submission or transmittal of the Member Content or Airbnb's use of the Member Content (or any portion thereof) as contemplated under these Terms will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party's patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other proprietary or intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
5.8 You will not post, upload, publish, submit or transmit any Member Content that: (i) is fraudulent, false, misleading (directly or by omission or failure to update information) or deceptive.
(ii) is defamatory, libelous, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or offensive.
(iii) promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group.
(iv) is violent or threatening or promotes violence or actions that are threatening to any other person or animal.
(v) promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances.
or (vi) violates Airbnb’s Content Policy or any other Airbnb policy.
Airbnb may remove or disable access to any Member Content that is in violation of applicable law, these Terms or Airbnb’s then-current Policies or Standards, or otherwise may be harmful or objectionable to Airbnb, its Members, third parties, or property.
Where Airbnb removes or disables Member Content, Airbnb will notify a Member and provide the reasons for such a measure, unless such notification would (i) prevent or impede the detection or prevention of fraud or other illegal activities, (ii) harm the legitimate interests of other Members or third parties, or (ii) contravene applicable laws.
You may appeal such a decision by contacting customer service.
5.9 Airbnb respects copyright law and expects its Members to do the same.
If you believe that any content on the Airbnb Platform infringes copyrights you own, please notify us in accordance with our Copyright Policy.
6.
Service Fees
6.1 Airbnb may charge fees to Hosts ("Host Fees") and/or Guests ("Guest Fees") (collectively, "Service Fees") in consideration for the use of the Airbnb Platform.
More information about when Service Fees apply and how they are calculated can be found on our Service Fees page.
6.2 Any applicable Service Fees (including any applicable Taxes) will be displayed to a Host or Guest prior to publishing or booking a Listing.
Airbnb reserves the right to change the Service Fees at any time, and will provide Members adequate notice of any fee changes before they become effective.
Such fee changes will not affect any bookings made prior to the effective date of the fee change.
6.3 You are responsible for paying any Service Fees that you owe to Airbnb.
The applicable Service Fees (including any applicable Taxes) are collected by Airbnb Payments.
Airbnb Payments will deduct any Host Fees from the Listing Fee before remitting the payout to the Host.
Any Guest Fees are included in the Total Fees collected by Airbnb Payments.
Except as otherwise provided on the Airbnb Platform, Service Fees are non-refundable.
7.
Terms specific for Hosts
7.1 Terms applicable to all Listings
7.1.1 When creating a Listing through the Airbnb Platform you must (i) provide complete and accurate information about your Host Service (such as listing description, location, and calendar availability), (ii) disclose any deficiencies, restrictions (such as house rules) and requirements that apply (such as any minimum age, proficiency or fitness requirements for an Experience) and (iii) provide any other pertinent information requested by Airbnb.
You are responsible for keeping your Listing information (including calendar availability) up-to-date at all times.
7.1.2 You are solely responsible for setting a price (including any Taxes if applicable, or charges such as cleaning fees) for your Listing (“Listing Fee”).
Once a Guest requests a booking of your Listing, you may not request that the Guest pays a higher price than in the booking request.
7.1.3 Any terms and conditions included in your Listing, in particular in relation to cancellations, must not conflict with these Terms or the relevant cancellation policy for your Listing.
7.1.4 Airbnb may enable certain Hosts to participate in its “Open Homes Program.” The Open Homes Program enables Hosts to provide Listings to certain Guests, such as refugees or evacuees, for free.
You acknowledge that if you choose to participate in the Open Homes Program, your ability to restrict your Listing to certain Guests, such as Guests with previous positive Reviews, may be limited.
7.1.5 Pictures, animations or videos (collectively, "Images") used in your Listings must accurately reflect the quality and condition of your Host Services.
Airbnb reserves the right to require that Listings have a minimum number of Images of a certain format, size and resolution.
7.1.6 The placement and ranking of Listings in search results on the Airbnb Platform may vary and depend on a variety of factors, such as Guest search parameters and preferences, Host requirements, price and calendar availability, number and quality of Images, customer service and cancellation history, Reviews and Ratings, type of Host Service, and/or ease of booking.
More information about the factors that determine how your Listing appears in search results can be found on our help center.
7.1.7 When you accept or have pre-approved a booking request by a Guest, you are entering into a legally binding agreement with the Guest and are required to provide your Host Service(s) to the Guest as described in your Listing when the booking request is made.
You also agree to pay the applicable Host Fee and any applicable Taxes.
7.1.8 Airbnb recommends that Hosts obtain appropriate insurance for their Host Services.
Please review any respective insurance policy carefully, and in particular make sure that you are familiar with and understand any exclusions to, and any deductibles that may apply for, such insurance policy, including, but not limited to, whether or not your insurance policy will cover the actions or inactions of Guests (and the individuals the Guest has booked for, if applicable) while staying at your Accommodation or participating in your Experience, Event or other Host Service.
7.2 Listing Accommodations
7.2.1 Unless expressly allowed by Airbnb, you may not list more than one Accommodation per Listing.
7.2.2 If you choose to require a security deposit for your Accommodation, you must specify this in your Listing ("Security Deposit").
Hosts are not allowed to ask for a Security Deposit (i) after a booking has been confirmed or (ii) outside of the Airbnb Platform.
7.2.3 Any Listing you post and the booking of, or a Guest's stay at, an Accommodation shall (i) not breach any agreements you have entered into with any third parties, such as homeowners association, condominium, or other agreements, and (ii) comply with all applicable laws (such as zoning laws), Tax requirements, and other rules and regulations (including having all required permits, licenses and registrations).
7.3 Listing Experiences, Events and other Host Services
Hosts who list Experiences, Events and Host Services other than Accommodations agree to and are subject to the Additional Terms for Experience Hosts.
7.4 Co-Hosts
7.4.1 Airbnb may enable Hosts to authorize other Members (“Co-Hosts”) to administer the Host’s Listing(s), and to bind the Host and take certain actions in relation to the Listing(s) as permitted by the Host, such as accepting booking requests, messaging and welcoming Guests, and updating the Listing Fee and calendar availability (collectively, “Co-Host Services”).
Any agreement formed between Host and Co-Host may not conflict with these Terms, the Payments Terms, or any other Policiesapplicable to your Host Service(s).
Co-Hosts may only act in an individual capacity and not on behalf of a company or other organization, unless expressly authorized by Airbnb.
Airbnb reserves the right, in our sole discretion, to limit the number of Co-Hosts a Host may invite for each Listing and to limit the number of Listings a Co-Host may manage.
7.4.2 Hosts should exercise due diligence and care when deciding who to add as a Co-Host to their Listing(s).
Hosts are responsible and liable for any and all Listings and Member Content published on the Airbnb Platform created by a Co-Host on their behalf.
Further, Hosts remain responsible and liable for their own acts and omissions, including, but not limited to, conduct that causes harm or damage to the Co-Host(s).
Co-Hosts remain responsible and liable for their own acts and omissions when engaging in their roles and responsibilities as a Co-Host, including, but not limited to, conduct that causes harm or damage to the Host.
In addition, both Host and Co-Host are jointly responsible and severally liable for third party claims, including Guest claims, arising from the acts and omissions of the other person as related to hosting activities, communications with Guests, and the provision of any Co-Host Services.
7.4.3 Unless agreed otherwise by Host and Co-Host, Host and Co-Host may terminate the Co-Host agreement at any time.
In addition, both Host and Co-Host acknowledge that their Co-hosting relationship will terminate in the event that Airbnb (i) terminates the Co-Host service or (ii) terminates either party’s participation in the Co-Host service.
When the Co-Host agreement is terminated, the Host will remain responsible for all of the Co-Host’s actions prior to the termination, including the responsibility to fulfill any pending or future bookings initiated prior to the termination, except in the event of gross misconduct or malicious behavior of the Co-Host.
When a Member is removed as a Co-Host, that Member will no longer have access to any Host or Guest information related to the applicable Host’s Listing(s).
7.4.4 As a Co-Host, you will not be reviewed by Guests, meaning that your Co-Host activities will not affect your Reviews or Ratings for other Listings for which you are a Host.
Instead, the Host of such Listing(s) will be reviewed by Guests (including potentially on the basis of the Co-Host’s conduct and performance).
Hosts acknowledge that Reviews and Ratings from Guests for their Listing(s) may be impacted by a Co-Host’s conduct and performance.
8.
Terms specific for Guests
8.1 Terms applicable to all bookings
8.1.1 Subject to meeting any requirements (such as completing any verification processes) set by Airbnb and/or the Host, you can book a Listing available on the Airbnb Platform by following the respective booking process.
All applicable fees, including the Listing Fee, Security Deposit (if applicable), Guest Fee and any applicable Taxes (collectively, “Total Fees”) will be presented to you prior to booking a Listing.
You agree to pay the Total Fees for any booking requested in connection with your Airbnb Account.
8.1.2 Upon receipt of a booking confirmation from Airbnb, a legally binding agreement is formed between you and your Host, subject to any additional terms and conditions of the Host that apply, including in particular the applicable cancellation policy and any rules and restrictions specified in the Listing.
Airbnb Payments will collect the Total Fees at the time of the booking request or upon the Host’s confirmation pursuant to the Payments Terms.
For certain bookings, Guests may be required to pay or have the option to pay in multiple installments.
8.1.3 If you book a Host Service on behalf of additional guests, you are required to ensure that every additional guest meets any requirements set by the Host, and is made aware of and agrees to these Terms and any terms and conditions, rules and restrictions set by the Host.
If you are booking for an additional guest who is a minor, you represent and warrant that you are legally authorized to act on behalf of the minor.
Minors may only participate in an Experience, Event or other Host Service if accompanied by an adult who is responsible for them.
8.1.4 Airbnb may enable a Guest who is booking a Listing on behalf of one or more additional guests (the “Organizer”) to split the payment of the Total Fees for an eligible booking on a pro-rata basis between the Organizer and at least one other additional guest (each a “Co-Payer”) (the “Group Payment Service”).
In order to participate in the Group Payment Service, each Co-Payer must have or register an Airbnb Account prior to making a payment.
All payments via the Group Payment Service are handled by Airbnb Payments and are subject to the Group Payment Terms of Service.
8.2 Booking Accommodations
8.2.1 You understand that a confirmed booking of an Accommodation (“Accommodation Booking”) is a limited license granted to you by the Host to enter, occupy and use the Accommodation for the duration of your stay, during which time the Host (only where and to the extent permitted by applicable law) retains the right to re-enter the Accommodation, in accordance with your agreement with the Host.
8.2.2 You agree to leave the Accommodation no later than the checkout time that the Host specifies in the Listing or such other time as mutually agreed upon between you and the Host.
If you stay past the agreed upon checkout time without the Host's consent (“Overstay”), you no longer have a license to stay in the Accommodation and the Host is entitled to make you leave in a manner consistent with applicable law.

8.3 Booking Experiences, Events and other Host Services
8.3.1 You should carefully review the description of any Experience, Event or other Host Service you intend to book to ensure you (and any additional guests you are booking for) meet any minimum age, proficiency, fitness or other requirements which the Host has specified in their Listing.
At your sole discretion you may want to inform the Host of any medical or physical conditions, or other circumstances that may impact your and any additional guest’s ability to participate in any Experience, Event or other Host Service.
In addition, certain laws, like the minimum legal drinking age in the location of the Experience, Event or other Host Service, may also apply.
8.3.2 Before and during an Experience, Event or other Host Service you must at all times adhere to the Hosts’ instructions.
8.3.3 You may not bring any additional individuals to an Experience, Event or other Host Service unless such an individual was added by you as an additional guest during the booking process on the Airbnb Platform.

8.4 Airbnb Travel Credits

Airbnb Travel Credits may be redeemed for eligible bookings via the Airbnb Platform as specified in the terms and conditions provided with the Travel Credit.
You may only redeem Airbnb Travel Credits after the Airbnb Travel Credits are reflected in your Airbnb Account.
9.
Booking Modifications, Cancellations and Refunds, Resolution Center
9.1 Hosts and Guests are responsible for any modifications to a booking that they make via the Airbnb Platform or direct Airbnb customer service to make ("Booking Modifications"), and agree to pay any additional Listing Fees, Host Fees or Guest Fees and/or Taxes associated with such Booking Modifications.
9.2 Guests can cancel a confirmed booking at any time pursuant to the Listing’s cancellation policy set by the Host, and Airbnb Payments will refund the amount of the Total Fees due to the Guest in accordance with such cancellation policy.
Unless extenuating circumstances exist, any portion of the Total Fees due to the Host under the applicable cancellation policy will be remitted to the Host by Airbnb Payments pursuant to the Payments Terms.
9.3 If a Host cancels a confirmed booking, the Guest will receive a full refund of the Total Fees for such booking.
In some instances, Airbnb may allow the Guest to apply the refund to a new booking, in which case Airbnb Payments will credit the amount against the Guest’s subsequent booking at the Guest’s direction.
Further, Airbnb may publish an automated review on the Listing cancelled by the Host indicating that a booking was cancelled.
In addition, Airbnb may (i) keep the calendar for the Listing unavailable or blocked for the dates of the cancelled booking, and/or (ii) impose a cancellation fee, unless the Host has a valid reason for cancelling the booking pursuant to Airbnb’s Extenuating Circumstances Policy or has legitimate concerns about the Guest’s behavior.
9.4 For Experiences, Events and other Host Services, if weather poses a safety risk to Guests, or if it prevents a Host from carrying out a Host Service that takes place primarily outdoors, Hosts may cancel the Host Service.
Hosts may also cancel the Host Service if other conditions exist that would prevent the Host from offering the Host Service safely.
9.5 In certain circumstances, Airbnb may cancel a pending or confirmed booking on behalf of a Host or Guest and initiate corresponding refunds and payouts.
This may be for reasons set forth in Airbnb's Extenuating Circumstances Policy or for the reasons set out in Section 15 of these Terms.
Where Airbnb cancels a booking, Airbnb will, notify Members and provide the reasons for such a measure, unless such notification would (i) prevent or impede the detection or prevention of fraud or other illegal activities, (ii) harm the legitimate interests of other Members or third parties, or (iii) contravene applicable laws.
You may appeal a cancellation by contacting customer service.
9.6 If a Guest who books an Accommodation suffers a Travel Issue as defined in the Guest Refund Policy, Airbnb may determine to refund the Guest part or all of the Total Fees in accordance with the Guest Refund Policy.
If a Guest who books an Experience, Event or other Host Service suffers a Travel Issue as defined in the Experiences Guest Refund Policy, Airbnb may determine, in its sole discretion, to refund the Guest part or all of the Total Fees in accordance with the Experiences Guest Refund Policy.
9.7 If a Guest or Airbnb cancels a confirmed booking, and the Guest receives a refund in accordance with the Guest Refund Policy, Experiences Guest Refund Policy, Extenuating Circumstances Policy, or the applicable cancellation policy set by the Host and mentioned in the Listing, after the Host has already been paid, Airbnb Payments will be entitled to recover the amount of any such refund from the Host, including by subtracting such refund amount out from any future Payouts due to the Host.
9.8 Except as otherwise set out in these Terms, Members may use the Resolution Center to send or request money for refunds, additional Host Services, Co-Host Services or Damage Claims related to bookings.
You agree to pay all amounts sent through the Resolution Center in connection with your Airbnb Account, and Airbnb Payments will handle all such payments.
10.
Ratings and Reviews
10.1 Within a certain timeframe after completing a booking, Guests and Hosts can leave a public review (“Review”) and submit a star rating (“Rating”) about each other.
Ratings or Reviews reflect the opinions of individual Members and do not reflect the opinion of Airbnb.
Ratings and Reviews are not verified by Airbnb for accuracy and may be incorrect or misleading.
10.2 Ratings and Reviews by Guests and Hosts must be accurate and may not contain any offensive or defamatory language.
Ratings and Reviews are subject to Section 5 and must comply with Airbnb’s Content Policy and Extortion Policy.
10.3 Members are prohibited from manipulating the Ratings and Reviews system in any manner, such as instructing a third party to write a positive or negative Review about another Member.
10.4 Ratings and Reviews are part of a Member’s public profile and may also be surfaced elsewhere on the Airbnb Platform (such as the Listing page) together with other relevant information such as number of bookings, number of cancellations, average response time and other information.
11.
Damage to Accommodations, Disputes between Members
11.1 As a Guest, you are responsible for leaving the Accommodation (including any personal or other property located at the Accommodation) in the condition it was in when you arrived.
You are responsible for your own acts and omissions and are also responsible for the acts and omissions of any individuals whom you invite to, or otherwise provide access to, the Accommodation, excluding the Host (and the individuals the Host invites to the Accommodation, if applicable).
11.2 If a Host claims and provides evidence that you as a Guest have culpably damaged an Accommodation or any personal or other property at an Accommodation ("Damage Claim"), the Host can seek payment from you through the Resolution Center.
If a Host escalates a Damage Claim to Airbnb, you will be given an opportunity to respond.
If you agree to pay the Host, or Airbnb determines under consideration of any applicable statutory rules on the burden of proof that you are responsible for the Damage Claim, Airbnb via Airbnb Payments will, after the end of your stay, collect any such sums from you and/or against the Security Deposit (if applicable) required to cover the Damage Claim pursuant to the Payments Terms.
Airbnb also reserves the right to otherwise collect payment from you and pursue any remedies available to Airbnb in this regard in situations in which you are responsible for a Damage Claim, including, but not limited to, in relation to any payment requests made by Hosts under the Airbnb Host Guarantee.
You may appeal a decision taken by Airbnb on the basis of this Section 11.2 by contacting customer support.
Any decisions made by Airbnb in relation to a Damage Claim do not affect your contractual or statutory rights.
Your right to take legal action before a court of law remains unaffected.
11.3 Members agree to cooperate with and assist Airbnb in good faith, and to provide Airbnb with such information and take such actions as may be reasonably requested by Airbnb, in connection with any Damage Claims or other complaints or claims made by Members relating to (i) Accommodations or any personal or other property located at an Accommodation (including, without limitation, payment requests made under the Airbnb Host Guarantee), (ii) Experiences, (iii) Co-Host agreements, or (iv) a Group Payment Booking.
A Member shall, upon Airbnb's reasonable request and at no cost to the Member, participate in mediation or a similar resolution process with another Member, which process will be conducted by Airbnb or a third party selected by Airbnb or its insurer, with respect to losses for which a Member is requesting payment from Airbnb (including but not limited to payments under the Airbnb Host Guarantee).
Members are entitled to terminate their participation in the mediation or similar resolution process at any time.
A Member’s right to take legal action before a court of law remains unaffected.
12.
Rounding off
Airbnb generally supports payment amounts that are payable from or to Guests or Hosts to the smallest unit supported by a given currency (i.e., U.S.
cents, Euro cents or other supported currencies).
Where Airbnb’s third-party payment services provider does not support payments in the smaller unit supported by a given currency, Airbnb may, in its sole discretion, round up or round down the displayed amounts that are payable from or to Guests or Hosts to the nearest whole functional base unit in which the currency is denominated (i.e.
to the nearest dollar, Euro or other supported currency).
for example, Airbnb may round up an amount of $101.50 to $102.00, and round down an amount of $101.49 to $101.00.
13.
Taxes
13.1 As a Host you are solely responsible for determining your obligations to report, collect, remit or include in your Listing Fees any applicable VAT or other indirect sales taxes, occupancy tax, tourist or other visitor taxes or income taxes ("Taxes").
13.2 Tax regulations may require us to collect appropriate Tax information from Hosts, or to withhold Taxes from payouts to Hosts, or both.
If a Host fails to provide us with the required documentation under applicable law (e.g.
a tax number) to alleviate our obligation (if any) to withhold Taxes from payouts to you, we reserve the right to withhold payouts up to the tax-relevant amount as required by law until resolution.
13.3 You understand that any appropriate governmental agency, department and/or authority ("Tax Authority") where your Accommodation is located may require Taxes to be collected from Guests or Hosts on Listing Fees, and to be remitted to the respective Tax Authority.
The laws in jurisdictions may vary, but these Taxes may be required to be collected and remitted as a percentage of the Listing Fees set by Hosts, a set amount per day, or other variations, and are sometimes called "transient occupancy taxes," "hotel taxes," "lodging taxes," "city taxes," "room taxes" or "tourist taxes" ("Occupancy Taxes").
13.4 In certain jurisdictions, Airbnb may decide in its sole discretion to facilitate collection and remittance of Occupancy Taxes from or on behalf of Guests or Hosts, in accordance with these Terms ("Collection and Remittance") if such jurisdiction asserts Airbnb or Hosts have an Occupancy Tax collection and remittance obligation.
In any jurisdiction in which we decide to facilitate direct Collection and Remittance, you hereby instruct and authorize Airbnb (via Airbnb Payments) to collect Occupancy Taxes from Guests on the Host's behalf at the time Listing Fees are collected, and to remit such Occupancy Taxes to the Tax Authority.
In other jurisdictions Airbnb may decide in its sole discretion to collect Occupancy Taxes and remit such Taxes to eligible and qualifying Hosts, based on tax information supplied by the Host, for ultimate reporting and remittance by such Host to the Tax Authority (“Pass-Through Tax Feature”).
Such Hosts using the Pass-Through Tax Feature will be solely responsible for informing Airbnb about the correct Occupancy Tax amount to be collected from the Guest in accordance with applicable law and directly remitting the Occupancy Taxes to the relevant Tax Authority.
Airbnb does not assume any liability for the failure of a participating Host to comply with any applicable tax reporting or remittance obligations.The amount of Occupancy Taxes, if any, collected and remitted by Airbnb will be visible to and separately stated to both Guests and Hosts on their respective transaction documents.
Where Airbnb is facilitating Collection and Remittance, Hosts are not permitted to collect any Occupancy Taxes being collected by Airbnb relating to their Accommodations in that jurisdiction.
13.5 Guests and Hosts agree that we may seek additional amounts from you in the event that the Taxes collected and/or remitted are insufficient to fully discharge your obligations to the Tax Authority, and agree that your sole remedy for Occupancy Taxes collected is a refund of Occupancy Taxes collected by Airbnb from the applicable Tax Authority in accordance with applicable procedures set by that Tax Authority.
13.6 Airbnb reserves the right, with prior notice to Hosts, to cease the Collection and Remittance in any jurisdiction for any reason at which point Hosts and Guests are once again solely responsible and liable for the collection and/or remittance of any and all Occupancy Taxes that may apply to Accommodations in that jurisdiction.
14.
Prohibited Activities
14.1 You are solely responsible for compliance with any and all laws, rules, regulations, and Tax obligations that may apply to your use of the Airbnb Platform.
In connection with your use of the Airbnb Platform, you will not and will not assist or enable others to:

breach or circumvent any applicable laws or regulations, agreements with third-parties, third-party rights, or our Terms, Policies or Standards;
use the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content for any commercial or other purposes that are not expressly permitted by these Terms or in a manner that falsely implies Airbnb endorsement, partnership or otherwise misleads others as to your affiliation with Airbnb;
copy, store or otherwise access or use any information, including personally identifiable information about any other Member, contained on the Airbnb Platform in any way that is inconsistent with Airbnb’s Privacy Policy or these Terms or that otherwise violates the privacy rights of Members or third parties;
use the Airbnb Platform in connection with the distribution of unsolicited commercial messages ("spam");
offer, as a Host, any Accommodation that you do not yourself own or have permission to make available as a residential or other property through the Airbnb Platform;
unless Airbnb explicitly permits otherwise, book any Listing if you will not actually be using the Host Services yourself;
contact another Member for any purpose other than asking a question related to your own booking, Listing, or the Member's use of the Airbnb Platform, including, but not limited to, recruiting or otherwise soliciting any Member to join third-party services, applications or websites, without our prior written approval;
use the Airbnb Platform to request, make or accept a booking independent of the Airbnb Platform, to circumvent any Service Fees or for any other reason;
request, accept or make any payment for Listing Fees outside of the Airbnb Platform or Airbnb Payments.
If you do so, you: (i) accept all risks and responsibility for such payment, and (ii) hold Airbnb harmless from any liability for such payment;
discriminate against or harass anyone on the basis of race, national origin, religion, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, age or sexual orientation, or otherwise engage in any violent, harmful, abusive or disruptive behavior;
misuse or abuse any Listings or services associated with the Airbnb Open Homes program;
use, display, mirror or frame the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content, or any individual element within the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb's name, any Airbnb trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page in the Airbnb Platform, without Airbnb's express written consent;
dilute, tarnish or otherwise harm the Airbnb brand in any way, including through unauthorized use of Collective Content, registering and/or using Airbnb or derivative terms in domain names, trade names, trademarks or other source identifiers, or registering and/or using domains names, trade names, trademarks or other source identifiers that closely imitate or are confusingly similar to Airbnb domains, trademarks, taglines, promotional campaigns or Collective Content;
use any robots, spider, crawler, scraper or other automated means or processes to access, collect data or other content from or otherwise interact with the Airbnb Platform for any purpose;
avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble, or otherwise attempt to circumvent any technological measure implemented by Airbnb or any of Airbnb's providers or any other third party to protect the Airbnb Platform;
attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the Airbnb Platform;
take any action that damages or adversely affects, or could damage or adversely affect the performance or proper functioning of the Airbnb Platform;
export, re-export, import, or transfer the Application except as authorized by United States law, the export control laws of your jurisdiction, and any other applicable laws.
or
violate or infringe anyone else’s rights or otherwise cause harm to anyone.

14.2 You acknowledge that Airbnb has no general obligation to monitor Member Content nor to actively seek facts or circumstances indicating illegal activity, but has the right to review, disable access to, or edit any Member Content, in order to (i) operate, secure and improve the security of the Airbnb Platform (including without limitation for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation and customer support purposes).
(ii) ensure Members’ compliance with these Terms.
(iii) comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, law enforcement or other administrative agency or governmental body.
(iv) respond to Member Content that it determines is harmful or objectionable.
or (v) as otherwise set forth in these Terms.
Members agree to cooperate with and assist Airbnb in good faith, and to provide Airbnb with such information and take such actions as may be reasonably requested by Airbnb with respect to any investigation undertaken by Airbnb or a representative of Airbnb regarding the use or abuse of the Airbnb Platform.
14.3 If you feel that any Member you interact with, whether online or in person, is acting or has acted inappropriately, including but not limited to anyone who (i) engages in offensive, violent or sexually inappropriate behavior, (ii) you suspect of stealing from you, or (iii) engages in any other disturbing conduct, you should immediately report such person to the appropriate authorities and then to Airbnb by contacting us with your police station and report number (if available).
You agree that any report you make will not obligate us to take any action (beyond that required by law, if any).
15.
Term and Termination, Suspension and other Measures
15.1 This Agreement shall be effective until such time when you or Airbnb terminate the Agreement in accordance with this provision.
15.2 You may terminate this Agreement at any time by sending us an email.
If you cancel your Airbnb Account as a Host, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and your Guests will receive a full refund.
If you cancel your Airbnb Account as a Guest, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and any refund will depend upon the terms of the Listing’s cancellation policy.
15.3 Without limiting our rights specified below, Airbnb may terminate this Agreement for convenience at any time by giving you thirty (30) days' notice via email to your registered email address.
15.4 Airbnb may immediately, without notice, terminate this Agreement and/or stop providing access to the Airbnb Platform if (i) you have materially breached your obligations under these Terms, the Payments Terms, our Policies or Standards, (ii) you have violated applicable laws, regulations or third party rights, or (iii) such action is necessary to protect the personal safety or property of Airbnb, its Members, or third parties (for example in the case of fraudulent behavior of a Member).
15.5 In addition, Airbnb may take any of the following measures (i) to comply with applicable law, or the order or request of a court, law enforcement or other administrative agency or governmental body, or if (ii) you have breached these Terms, the Payments Terms, our Policies or Standards, applicable laws, regulations, or third party rights, (iii) you have provided inaccurate, fraudulent, outdated or incomplete information during the Airbnb Account registration, Listing process or thereafter, (iv) you and/or your Listings or Host Services at any time fail to meet any applicable quality or eligibility criteria, (v) you have repeatedly received poor Ratings or Reviews or Airbnb otherwise becomes aware of or has received complaints about your performance or conduct, (vi) you have repeatedly cancelled confirmed bookings or failed to respond to booking requests without a valid reason, or (vii) such action is necessary to protect the personal safety or property of Airbnb, its Members, or third parties, or to prevent fraud or other illegal activity:

refuse to surface, delete or delay any Listings, Ratings, Reviews, or other Member Content;
cancel any pending or confirmed bookings;
limit your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform;
temporarily or permanently revoke any special status associated with your Airbnb Account;
temporarily or in case of severe or repeated offenses permanently suspend your Airbnb Account and stop providing access to the Airbnb Platform.

In case of non-material breaches and where appropriate, you will be given notice of any intended measure by Airbnb and an opportunity to resolve the issue to Airbnb's reasonable satisfaction.
15.6 If we take any of the measures described above (i) we may refund your Guests in full for any and all confirmed bookings that have been cancelled, irrespective of preexisting cancellation policies, and (ii) you will not be entitled to any compensation for pending or confirmed bookings that were cancelled.
15.7 When this Agreement has been terminated, you are not entitled to a restoration of your Airbnb Account or any of your Member Content.
If your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform has been limited or your Airbnb Account has been suspended or this Agreement has been terminated by us, you may not register a new Airbnb Account or access and use the Airbnb Platform through an Airbnb Account of another Member.
15.8 If Airbnb takes any of the measures described in this Section 15 you may appeal such a decision by contacting our customer service.
16.
Disclaimers

Intentionally left blank

17.
Liability

Airbnb is liable under statutory provisions for intent and gross negligence by us, our legal representatives, directors, or other vicarious agents.
The same applies to the assumption of guarantees or any other strict liability, or in case of a culpable injury to life, limb, or health.
Airbnb is liable for any negligent breaches of essential contractual obligations by us, our legal representatives, directors, or other vicarious agents.
such liability is limited to the typically occurring foreseeable damages.
Essential contractual obligations are such duties of Airbnb in whose proper fulfilment you regularly trust and must trust for the proper execution of the contract.
Any additional liability of Airbnb is excluded.

18.
Indemnification
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to release, defend (at Airbnb’s option), indemnify, and hold Airbnb and its affiliates and subsidiaries, including but not limited to, Airbnb Payments, and their officers, directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your breach of these Terms or our Policies or Standards, (ii) your improper use of the Airbnb Platform or any Airbnb Services, (iii) your interaction with any Member, stay at an Accommodation, participation in an Experience, Event or other Host Service, participation in the Group Payment Service, including without limitation any injuries, losses or damages (whether compensatory, direct, incidental, consequential or otherwise) of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of such interaction, stay, participation or use, or (iv) your breach of any laws, regulations or third party rights.
The indemnification obligation according to this Section 18 only applies if and to the extent that the claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses have been adequately caused by your culpable breach of a contractual obligation.
19.
Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement
19.1 This Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement shall apply if you bring any claim against Airbnb in the United States (to the extent not in conflict with Section 21).
19.2 Overview of Dispute Resolution Process.
Airbnb is committed to participating in a consumer-friendly dispute resolution process.
To that end, these Terms provide for a two-part process for individuals to whom Section 19.1 applies: (1) an informal negotiation directly with Airbnb’s customer service team, and (2) a binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) using its specially designed Consumer Arbitration Rules (as modified by this Section 19 and except as provided in Section 19.6).
Specifically, the Consumer Arbitration Rules provide:

Claims can be filed with AAA online (www.adr.org);
Arbitrators must be neutral and no party may unilaterally select an arbitrator;
Arbitrators must disclose any bias, interest in the result of the arbitration, or relationship with any party;
Parties retain the right to seek relief in small claims court for certain claims, at their option;
The initial filing fee for the consumer is capped at $200;
The consumer gets to elect the hearing location and can elect to participate live, by phone, video conference, or, for claims under $25,000, by the submission of documents;
The arbitrator can grant any remedy that the parties could have received in court to resolve the party’s individual claim.

19.3 Pre-Arbitration Dispute Resolution and Notification.
Prior to initiating an arbitration, you and Airbnb each agree to notify the other party of the dispute and attempt to negotiate an informal resolution to it first.
We will contact you at the email address you have provided to us.
you can contact Airbnb’s customer service team by emailing us.
If after a good faith effort to negotiate one of us feels the dispute has not and cannot be resolved informally, the party intending to pursue arbitration agrees to notify the other party via email prior to initiating the arbitration.
In order to initiate arbitration, a claim must be filed with the AAA and the written Demand for Arbitration (available at www.adr.org) provided to the other party, as specified in the AAA Rules.

19.4 Agreement to Arbitrate.
You and Airbnb mutually agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the applicability, breach, termination, validity, enforcement or interpretation thereof, or to the use of the Airbnb Platform, the Host Services, the Group Payment Service, or the Collective Content (collectively, “Disputes”) will be settled by binding individual arbitration (the “Arbitration Agreement”).
If there is a dispute about whether this Arbitration Agreement can be enforced or applies to our Dispute, you and Airbnb agree that the arbitrator will decide that issue.

19.5 Exceptions to Arbitration Agreement.
You and Airbnb each agree that the following claims are exceptions to the Arbitration Agreement and will be brought in a judicial proceeding in a court of competent jurisdiction: (i) Any claim related to actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights.
(ii) Any claim seeking emergency injunctive relief based on exigent circumstances (e.g., imminent danger or commission of a crime, hacking, cyber-attack).
19.6 Arbitration Rules and Governing Law.
This Arbitration Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision.
The arbitration will be administered by AAA in accordance with the Consumer Arbitration Rules and/or other AAA arbitration rules determined to be applicable by the AAA (the “AAA Rules“) then in effect, except as modified here.
The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1–800–778–7879.
19.7 Modification to AAA Rules - Arbitration Hearing/Location.
In order to make the arbitration most convenient to you, Airbnb agrees that any required arbitration hearing may be conducted, at your option, (a) in the county where you reside.
(b) in San Francisco County.
(c) in any other location to which you and Airbnb both agree.
(d) via phone or video conference.
or (e) for any claim or counterclaim under $25,000, by solely the submission of documents to the arbitrator.
19.8 Modification of AAA Rules - Attorney’s Fees and Costs.
You and Airbnb agree that Airbnb will be responsible for payment of the balance of any initial filing fee under the AAA Rules in excess of $200 for claims of $75,000 or less.
You may be entitled to seek an award of attorney fees and expenses if you prevail in arbitration, to the extent provided under applicable law and the AAA rules.
Unless the arbitrator determines that your claim was frivolous or filed for the purpose of harassment, Airbnb agrees it will not seek, and hereby waives all rights it may have under applicable law or the AAA Rules, to recover attorneys’ fees and expenses if it prevails in arbitration.
19.9 Arbitrator’s Decision.
The arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award.
Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court with proper jurisdiction.
The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only on an individual basis and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim.

19.10 Jury Trial Waiver.
You and Airbnb acknowledge and agree that we are each waiving the right to a trial by jury as to all arbitrable Disputes.


19.11 No Class Actions or Representative Proceedings.
You and Airbnb acknowledge and agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we are each waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action lawsuit, class-wide arbitration, private attorney-general action, or any other representative proceeding as to all Disputes.
Further, unless you and Airbnb both otherwise agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one party’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding.
If the “class action lawsuit” waiver or the “class-wide arbitration” waiver in this Section 19.11 is held unenforceable with respect to any Dispute, then the entirety of the Arbitration Agreement will be deemed void with respect to such Dispute and the Dispute must proceed in court.
If the “private attorney general action” waiver or the “representative proceeding” waiver in this Section 19.11 is held unenforceable with respect to any Dispute, those waivers may be severed from this Arbitration Agreement and you and Airbnb agree that any private attorney general claims and representative claims in the Dispute will be severed and stayed, pending the resolution of any arbitrable claims in the Dispute in individual arbitration.

19.12 Severability.
Except as provided in Section 19.11, in the event that any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is deemed illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall be given full force and effect.
19.13 Changes.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3 (“Modification of these Terms”), if Airbnb changes this Section 19 (“Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement”) after the date you last accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email) within thirty (30) days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last Updated” date above or in the date of Airbnb’s email to you notifying you of such change.
Rejecting a new change, however, does not revoke or alter your prior consent to any earlier agreements to arbitrate any Dispute between you and Airbnb (or your prior consent to any subsequent changes thereto), which will remain in effect and enforceable as to any Dispute between you and Airbnb.
19.14 Survival.
Except as provided in Section 19.12, this Section 19 will survive any termination of these Terms and will continue to apply even if you stop using the Airbnb Platform or terminate your Airbnb Account.
20.
Feedback
We welcome and encourage you to provide feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Airbnb Platform (“Feedback“).
You may submit Feedback by emailing us, through the “Contact” section of the Airbnb Platform, or by other means of communication.
Any Feedback you submit to us may be used by us for any business purpose and will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary to you.

21.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with Irish law.
If you are acting as a consumer and if mandatory statutory consumer protection regulations in your country of residence contain provisions that are more beneficial for you, such provisions shall apply irrespective of the choice of Irish law.
As a consumer, you may bring any judicial proceedings relating to these Terms before the competent court of your place of residence or the competent court of Airbnb's place of business in Ireland.
If Airbnb wishes to enforce any of its rights against you as a consumer, we may do so only in the courts of the jurisdiction in which you are a resident.
If you are acting as a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.
22.
General Provisions
22.1 Except as they may be supplemented by additional terms and conditions, policies, guidelines or standards, these Terms constitute the entire Agreement between Airbnb and you pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Airbnb and you in relation to the access to and use of the Airbnb Platform.
22.2 No joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Airbnb as a result of this Agreement or your use of the Airbnb Platform.
22.3 These Terms do not and are not intended to confer any rights or remedies upon any person other than the parties.
22.4 If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be struck and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
22.5 Airbnb’s failure to enforce any right or provision in these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing.
Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise permitted under law.
22.6 You may not assign, transfer or delegate this Agreement and your rights and obligations hereunder without Airbnb's prior written consent.
Airbnb may without restriction assign, transfer or delegate this Agreement and any rights and obligations hereunder, at its sole discretion, with 30 days prior notice.
Your right to terminate this Agreement at any time remains unaffected.
22.7 Unless specified otherwise, any notices or other communications to Members permitted or required under this Agreement, will be provided electronically and given by Airbnb via email, Airbnb Platform notification, or messaging service (including SMS and WeChat).
If your booking is in respect of a Listing in Japan, you agree and acknowledge that such notifications via electronic means in lieu of a written statement, satisfies Airbnb’s obligations under Article 59 Paragraph 1 of the Japanese Housing Accommodation Business Act.
22.8 If you have any questions about these Terms please email us. Terms of Service

Please read these Terms of Service (“Terms”) carefully as they contain important information about your legal rights, remedies and obligations.
By accessing or using the Airbnb Platform, you agree to comply with and be bound by these Terms.


Please note: Section 19 of these Terms contains an arbitration clause and class action waiver that applies to all Airbnb Members.
If your country of residence is the United States, this provision applies to all disputes with Airbnb.
If your country of residence is outside of the United States, this provision applies to any action you bring against Airbnb in the United States.
It affects how disputes with Airbnb are resolved.
By accepting these Terms, you agree to be bound by this arbitration clause and class action waiver.
Please read it carefully.

Last Updated: January 21, 2019
Thank you for using Airbnb!
These Terms constitute a legally binding agreement ("Agreement") between you and Airbnb (as defined below) governing your access to and use of the Airbnb website, including any subdomains thereof, and any other websites through which Airbnb makes its services available (collectively, "Site"), our mobile, tablet and other smart device applications, and application program interfaces (collectively, "Application") and all associated services (collectively, "Airbnb Services").
The Site, Application and Airbnb Services together are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Airbnb Platform”.
Our Host Guarantee Terms, Japan Host Insurance Terms, Guest Refund Policy, Nondiscrimination Policy and other Policies applicable to your use of the Airbnb Platform are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
When these Terms mention “Airbnb,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to the Airbnb company you are contracting with.
Your contracting entity will generally be determined based on your country of residence or establishment.


If your country of residence or establishment is the United States, you are contracting with Airbnb, Inc., 888 Brannan Street, 4th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States.
If your country of residence or establishment is outside of the United States, the People’s Republic of China (which for purposes of these Terms does not include Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) (hereinafter “China”), Japan and the European Economic Area, you are contracting with Airbnb Ireland UC (“Airbnb Ireland”), The Watermarque Building, South Lotts Road, Ringsend, Dublin 4, Ireland.
If your country of residence or establishment is in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you are contracting with Airbnb Ireland UC (“Airbnb Ireland”), The Watermarque Building, South Lotts Road, Ringsend, Dublin 4, Ireland and your Agreement with Airbnb is subject to the Terms of Service for European Users.
If your country of residence or establishment is China, you are contracting with Airbnb Internet (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
(“Airbnb China”) except where you book a Host Service (as defined below) or when you create a Listing located outside of China, in which case you are contracting with Airbnb Ireland for that transaction.
If your country of residence or establishment is Japan, you are contracting with Airbnb Global Services Limited ("Airbnb GSL"), 25-28 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01 H104, Ireland,
except where you book a Host Service (as defined below) or when you create a Listing located outside of Japan, in which case you are contracting with Airbnb Ireland for that transaction.


If you change your country of residence or establishment, the Airbnb company you contract with will be determined by your new country of residence or establishment as specified above, from the date on which your country of residence changes.
Our collection and use of personal information in connection with your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform is described in our Privacy Policy.
Any and all payment processing services through or in connection with your use of the Airbnb Platform ("Payment Services") are provided to you by one or more Airbnb Payments entities (individually and collectively, as appropriate, "Airbnb Payments") as set out in the Payments Terms of Service ("Payments Terms").
Hosts alone are responsible for identifying, understanding, and complying with all laws, rules and regulations that apply to their Listings and Host Services (as defined below).
For example, some cities have laws that restrict their ability to host paying guests for short periods or provide certain Host Services.
In many cities, Hosts may have to register, get a permit or obtain a license before providing certain Host Services (such as preparing food, serving alcohol for sale, guiding tours or operating a vehicle).
Host are alone responsible for identifying and obtaining any required licenses, permits, or registrations for any Host Services they offer.
Certain types of Host Services may be prohibited altogether.
Penalties may include fines or other enforcement.
We provide some information in our Help Center to help you identify some of the obligations that apply to you.
If you have questions about how local laws apply to your Listing(s) and Host Service(s) on Airbnb, you should always seek legal guidance.
Table of Contents

Scope of Airbnb Services
Eligibility, Using the Airbnb Platform, Member Verification
Modification of these Terms
Account Registration
Content
Service Fees
Terms specific for Hosts
Terms specific for Guests
Booking Modifications, Cancellations and Refunds, Resolution Center
Ratings and Reviews
Damage to Accommodations, Disputes between Members
Rounding off, Currency conversion
Taxes
Prohibited Activities
Term and Termination, Suspension and other Measures
Disclaimers
Liability
Indemnification
Dispute Resolution
Feedback
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
General Provisions

1.
Scope of Airbnb Services
1.1 The Airbnb Platform is an online marketplace that enables registered users (“Members”) and certain third parties who offer services (Members and third parties who offer services are “Hosts” and the services they offer are “Host Services”) to publish such Host Services on the Airbnb Platform (“Listings”) and to communicate and transact directly with Members that are seeking to book such Host Services (Members using Host Services are “Guests”).
Host Services may include the offering of vacation or other properties for use ("Accommodations"), single or multi-day activities in various categories (“Experiences”), access to unique events and locations (“Events”), and a variety of other travel and non-travel related services.
1.2 As the provider of the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb does not own, create, sell, resell, provide, control, manage, offer, deliver, or supply any Listings or Host Services, nor is Airbnb an organiser or retailer of travel packages under Directive (EU) 2015/2302.
Hosts alone are responsible for their Listings and Host Services.
When Members make or accept a booking, they are entering into a contract directly with each other.
Airbnb is not and does not become a party to or other participant in any contractual relationship between Members, nor is Airbnb a real estate broker or insurer.
Airbnb is not acting as an agent in any capacity for any Member, except as specified in the Payments Terms.
1.3 While we may help facilitate the resolution of disputes, Airbnb has no control over and does not guarantee (i) the existence, quality, safety, suitability, or legality of any Listings or Host Services, (ii) the truth or accuracy of any Listing descriptions, Ratings, Reviews, or other Member Content (as defined below), or (iii) the performance or conduct of any Member or third party.
Airbnb does not endorse any Member, Listing or Host Services.
Any references to a Member being "verified" (or similar language) only indicate that the Member has completed a relevant verification or identification process and nothing else.
Any such description is not an endorsement, certification or guarantee by Airbnb about any Member, including of the Member's identity or background or whether the Member is trustworthy, safe or suitable.
You should always exercise due diligence and care when deciding whether to stay in an Accommodation, participate in an Experience or Event or use other Host Services, accept a booking request from a Guest, or communicate and interact with other Members, whether online or in person.
Verified Images (as defined below) are intended only to indicate a photographic representation of a Listing at the time the photograph was taken, and are therefore not an endorsement by Airbnb of any Host or Listing.
1.4 If you choose to use the Airbnb Platform as a Host or Co-Host (as defined below), your relationship with Airbnb is limited to being an independent, third-party contractor, and not an employee, agent, joint venturer or partner of Airbnb for any reason, and you act exclusively on your own behalf and for your own benefit, and not on behalf, or for the benefit, of Airbnb.
Airbnb does not, and shall not be deemed to, direct or control you generally or in your performance under these Terms specifically, including in connection with your provision of the Host Services.
You acknowledge and agree that you have complete discretion whether to list Host Services or otherwise engage in other business or employment activities.
1.5 To promote the Airbnb Platform and to increase the exposure of Listings to potential Guests, Listings and other Member Content may be displayed on other websites, in applications, within emails, and in online and offline advertisements.
To assist Members who speak different languages, Listings and other Member Content may be translated, in whole or in part, into other languages.
Airbnb cannot guarantee the accuracy or quality of such translations and Members are responsible for reviewing and verifying the accuracy of such translations.
The Airbnb Platform may contain translations powered by Google.
Google disclaims all warranties related to the translations, express or implied, including any warranties of accuracy, reliability, and any implied warranties for merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
1.6 The Airbnb Platform may contain links to third-party websites or resources (“Third-Party Services”).
Such Third-Party Services may be subject to different terms and conditions and privacy practices.
Airbnb is not responsible or liable for the availability or accuracy of such Third-Party Services, or the content, products, or services available from such Third-Party Services.
Links to such Third-Party Services are not an endorsement by Airbnb of such Third-Party Services.
1.7 Due to the nature of the Internet, Airbnb cannot guarantee the continuous and uninterrupted availability and accessibility of the Airbnb Platform.
Airbnb may restrict the availability of the Airbnb Platform or certain areas or features thereof, if this is necessary in view of capacity limits, the security or integrity of our servers, or to carry out maintenance measures that ensure the proper or improved functioning of the Airbnb Platform.
Airbnb may improve, enhance and modify the Airbnb Platform and introduce new Airbnb Services from time to time.
2.
Eligibility, Using the Airbnb Platform, Member Verification
2.1 In order to access and use the Airbnb Platform or register an Airbnb Account you must be an individual at least 18 years old or a duly organized, validly existing business, organization or other legal entity in good standing under the laws of the country you are established and able to enter into legally binding contracts.

2.2 You will comply with any applicable export control laws in your local jurisdiction.
You also represent and warrant that (i) neither you nor your Host Service(s) are located or take place in a country that is subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
2.3 Airbnb may make access to and use of the Airbnb Platform, or certain areas or features of the Airbnb Platform, subject to certain conditions or requirements, such as completing a verification process, meeting specific quality or eligibility criteria, meeting Ratings or Reviews thresholds, or a Member’s booking and cancellation history.
2.4 User verification on the Internet is difficult and we do not assume any responsibility for the confirmation of any Member’s identity.
Notwithstanding the above, for transparency and fraud prevention purposes, and as permitted by applicable laws, we may, but have no obligation to (i) ask Members to provide a form of government identification or other information or undertake additional checks designed to help verify the identities or backgrounds of Members, (ii) screen Members against third party databases or other sources and request reports from service providers, and (iii) where we have sufficient information to identify a Member, obtain reports from public records of criminal convictions or sex offender registrations or an equivalent version of background or registered sex offender checks in your local jurisdiction (if available).
2.5 The access to or use of certain areas and features of the Airbnb Platform may be subject to separate policies, standards or guidelines, or may require that you accept additional terms and conditions, before you can access the relevant areas or features of the Airbnb Platform.
If there is a conflict between these Terms and terms and conditions applicable to a specific area or feature of the Airbnb Platform, the latter terms and conditions will take precedence with respect to your access to or use of that area or feature, unless specified otherwise in the latter terms and conditions.
2.6 If you access or download the Application from the Apple App Store, you agree to Apple’s Licensed Application End User License Agreement.
Some areas of the Airbnb Platform implement Google Maps/Earth mapping services, including Google Maps API(s).
Your use of Google Maps/Earth is subject to the Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service.
3.
Modification of these Terms
Airbnb reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time in accordance with this provision.
If we make changes to these Terms, we will post the revised Terms on the Airbnb Platform and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms.
We will also provide you with notice of the modifications by email at least thirty (30) days before the date they become effective.
If you disagree with the revised Terms, you may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect.
We will inform you about your right to terminate the Agreement in the notification email.
If you do not terminate your Agreement before the date the revised Terms become effective, your continued access to or use of the Airbnb Platform will constitute acceptance of the revised Terms.
4.
Account Registration
4.1 You must register an account ("Airbnb Account") to access and use certain features of the Airbnb Platform, such as publishing or booking a Listing.
If you are registering an Airbnb Account for a business, organization or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to legally bind that entity and grant us all permissions and licenses provided in these Terms.
4.2 You can register an Airbnb Account using an email address and creating a password, or through your account with certain third-party social networking services, such as Facebook or Google ("SNS Account").
You have the ability to disable the connection between your Airbnb Account and your SNS Account at any time, by accessing the "Settings" section of the Airbnb Platform.
4.3 You must provide accurate, current and complete information during the registration process and keep your Airbnb Account and public Airbnb Account profile page information up-to-date at all times.
4.4 You may not register more than one (1) Airbnb Account unless Airbnb authorizes you to do so.
You may not assign or otherwise transfer your Airbnb Account to another party.
4.5 You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your Airbnb Account credentials and may not disclose your credentials to any third party.
You must immediately notify Airbnb if you know or have any reason to suspect that your credentials have been lost, stolen, misappropriated, or otherwise compromised or in case of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your Airbnb Account.
You are liable for any and all activities conducted through your Airbnb Account, unless such activities are not authorized by you and you are not otherwise negligent (such as failing to report the unauthorized use or loss of your credentials).
4.6 Airbnb may enable features that allow you to authorize other Members or certain third parties to take certain actions that affect your Airbnb Account.
For example, we may enable Members to link their Airbnb Accounts to businesses and take actions for those businesses, we may enable eligible Members or certain third parties to book Listings on behalf of other Members, or we may enable Hosts to add other Members as Co-Hosts (as defined below) to help manage their Listings.
These features do not require that you share your credentials with any other person.
No third party is authorized by Airbnb to ask for your credentials, and you shall not request the credentials of another Member.
5.
Content
5.1 Airbnb may, at its sole discretion, enable Members to (i) create, upload, post, send, receive and store content, such as text, photos, audio, video, or other materials and information on or through the Airbnb Platform ("Member Content").
and (ii) access and view Member Content and any content that Airbnb itself makes available on or through the Airbnb Platform, including proprietary Airbnb content and any content licensed or authorized for use by or through Airbnb from a third party ("Airbnb Content" and together with Member Content, "Collective Content").
5.2 The Airbnb Platform, Airbnb Content, and Member Content may in its entirety or in part be protected by copyright, trademark, and/or other laws of the United States and other countries.
You acknowledge and agree that the Airbnb Platform and Airbnb Content, including all associated intellectual property rights, are the exclusive property of Airbnb and/or its licensors or authorizing third-parties.
You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb Content or Member Content.
All trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names, and any other source identifiers of Airbnb used on or in connection with the Airbnb Platform and Airbnb Content are trademarks or registered trademarks of Airbnb in the United States and abroad.
Trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations of third parties used on or in connection with the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb Content, and/or Collective Content are used for identification purposes only and may be the property of their respective owners.
5.3 You will not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content, except to the extent you are the legal owner of certain Member Content or as expressly permitted in these Terms.
No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise under any intellectual property rights owned or controlled by Airbnb or its licensors, except for the licenses and rights expressly granted in these Terms.
5.4 Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Airbnb grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferable license to (i) download and use the Application on your personal device(s).
and (ii) access and view any Collective Content made available on or through the Airbnb Platform and accessible to you, solely for your personal and non-commercial use.
5.5 By creating, uploading, posting, sending, receiving, storing, or otherwise making available any Member Content on or through the Airbnb Platform, you grant to Airbnb a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual (or for the term of the protection), sub-licensable and transferable license to such Member Content to access, use, store, copy, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, publish, transmit, stream, broadcast, and otherwise exploit in any manner such Member Content to provide and/or promote the Airbnb Platform, in any media or platform.
Insofar as Member Content (including Verified Images) includes personal information, such Member Content will only be used for these purposes if such use complies with applicable data protection laws in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Unless you provide specific consent, Airbnb does not claim any ownership rights in any Member Content and nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use or exploit your Member Content.
5.6 Airbnb may offer Hosts the option of having professional photographers take photographs of their Host Services, which are made available by the photographer to Hosts to include in their Listings with or without a watermark or tag bearing the words "Airbnb.com Verified Photo" or similar wording ("Verified Images").
You are responsible for ensuring that your Host Service is accurately represented in the Verified Images and you will stop using the Verified Images on or through the Airbnb Platform if they no longer accurately represent your Listing, if you stop hosting the Host Service featured, or if your Airbnb Account is terminated or suspended for any reason.
You acknowledge and agree that Airbnb shall have the right to use any Verified Images in accordance with Section 5.5 for advertising, marketing and/or any other business purposes in any media or platform, whether in relation to your Listing or otherwise, without further notice or compensation to you.
Where Airbnb is not the exclusive owner of Verified Images, by using such Verified Images on or through the Airbnb Platform, you grant to Airbnb an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual (or for the term of the protection), sub-licensable and transferable license to use such Verified Images for advertising, marketing and/or any other business purposes in any media or platform, whether in relation to your Listing or otherwise, without further notice or compensation to you.
Airbnb in turn grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferable license to use Verified Images outside of the Airbnb Platform solely for your personal and non-commercial use.
5.7 You are solely responsible for all Member Content that you make available on or through the Airbnb Platform.
Accordingly, you represent and warrant that: (i) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all Member Content that you make available on or through the Airbnb Platform or you have all rights, licenses, consents and releases that are necessary to grant to Airbnb the rights in and to such Member Content, as contemplated under these Terms.
and (ii) neither the Member Content nor your posting, uploading, publication, submission or transmittal of the Member Content or Airbnb's use of the Member Content (or any portion thereof) as contemplated under these Terms will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party's patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other proprietary or intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
5.8 You will not post, upload, publish, submit or transmit any Member Content that: (i) is fraudulent, false, misleading (directly or by omission or failure to update information) or deceptive.
(ii) is defamatory, libelous, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or offensive.
(iii) promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group.
(iv) is violent or threatening or promotes violence or actions that are threatening to any other person or animal.
(v) promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances.
or (vi) violates Airbnb’s Content Policy or any other Airbnb policy.
Airbnb may, without prior notice, remove or disable access to any Member Content that Airbnb finds to be in violation of applicable law, these Terms or Airbnb’s then-current Policies or Standards, or otherwise may be harmful or objectionable to Airbnb, its Members, third parties, or property.
5.9 Airbnb respects copyright law and expects its Members to do the same.
If you believe that any content on the Airbnb Platform infringes copyrights you own, please notify us in accordance with our Copyright Policy.
6.
Service Fees
6.1 Airbnb may charge fees to Hosts ("Host Fees") and/or Guests ("Guest Fees") (collectively, "Service Fees") in consideration for the use of the Airbnb Platform.
More information about when Service Fees apply and how they are calculated can be found on our Service Fees page.
6.2 Any applicable Service Fees (including any applicable Taxes) will be displayed to a Host or Guest prior to publishing or booking a Listing.
Airbnb reserves the right to change the Service Fees at any time, and will provide Members adequate notice of any fee changes before they become effective.
Such fee changes will not affect any bookings made prior to the effective date of the fee change.
6.3 You are responsible for paying any Service Fees that you owe to Airbnb.
The applicable Service Fees (including any applicable Taxes) are collected by Airbnb Payments.
Airbnb Payments will deduct any Host Fees from the Listing Fee before remitting the payout to the Host.
Any Guest Fees are included in the Total Fees collected by Airbnb Payments.
Except as otherwise provided on the Airbnb Platform, Service Fees are non-refundable.
7.
Terms specific for Hosts
7.1 Terms applicable to all Listings
7.1.1 When creating a Listing through the Airbnb Platform you must (i) provide complete and accurate information about your Host Service (such as listing description, location, and calendar availability), (ii) disclose any deficiencies, restrictions (such as house rules) and requirements that apply (such as any minimum age, proficiency or fitness requirements for an Experience) and (iii) provide any other pertinent information requested by Airbnb.
You are responsible for keeping your Listing information (including calendar availability) up-to-date at all times.
7.1.2 You are solely responsible for setting a price (including any Taxes if applicable, or charges such as cleaning fees) for your Listing (“Listing Fee”).
Once a Guest requests a booking of your Listing, you may not request that the Guest pays a higher price than in the booking request.
7.1.3 Any terms and conditions included in your Listing, in particular in relation to cancellations, must not conflict with these Terms or the relevant cancellation policy for your Listing.
7.1.4 Airbnb may enable certain Hosts to participate in its “Open Homes Program.” The Open Homes Program enables Hosts to provide Listings to certain Guests, such as refugees or evacuees, for free.
You acknowledge that if you choose to participate in the Open Homes Program, your ability to restrict your Listing to certain Guests, such as Guests with previous positive Reviews, may be limited.
7.1.5 Pictures, animations or videos (collectively, "Images") used in your Listings must accurately reflect the quality and condition of your Host Services.
Airbnb reserves the right to require that Listings have a minimum number of Images of a certain format, size and resolution.
7.1.6 The placement and ranking of Listings in search results on the Airbnb Platform may vary and depend on a variety of factors, such as Guest search parameters and preferences, Host requirements, price and calendar availability, number and quality of Images, customer service and cancellation history, Reviews and Ratings, type of Host Service, and/or ease of booking.
More information about the factors that determine how your Listing appears in search results can be found on our help center.
7.1.7 When you accept or have pre-approved a booking request by a Guest, you are entering into a legally binding agreement with the Guest and are required to provide your Host Service(s) to the Guest as described in your Listing when the booking request is made.
You also agree to pay the applicable Host Fee and any applicable Taxes.
7.1.8 Airbnb recommends that Hosts obtain appropriate insurance for their Host Services.
Please review any respective insurance policy carefully, and in particular make sure that you are familiar with and understand any exclusions to, and any deductibles that may apply for, such insurance policy, including, but not limited to, whether or not your insurance policy will cover the actions or inactions of Guests (and the individuals the Guest has booked for, if applicable) while staying at your Accommodation or participating in your Experience, Event or other Host Service.
7.2 Listing Accommodations
7.2.1 Unless expressly allowed by Airbnb, you may not list more than one Accommodation per Listing.
7.2.2 If you choose to require a security deposit for your Accommodation, you must specify this in your Listing ("Security Deposit").
Hosts are not allowed to ask for a Security Deposit (i) after a booking has been confirmed or (ii) outside of the Airbnb Platform.

7.2.3 You represent and warrant that any Listing you post and the booking of, or a Guest's stay at, an Accommodation will (i) not breach any agreements you have entered into with any third parties, such as homeowners association, condominium, or other agreements, and (ii) comply with all applicable laws (such as zoning laws), Tax requirements, and other rules and regulations (including having all required permits, licenses and registrations).
As a Host, you are responsible for your own acts and omissions and are also responsible for the acts and omissions of any individuals who reside at or are otherwise present at the Accommodation at your request or invitation, excluding the Guest and any individuals the Guest invites to the Accommodation.
7.3 Listing Experiences, Events and other Host Services
Hosts who list Experiences, Events and Host Services other than Accommodations agree to and are subject to the Additional Terms for Experience Hosts.
7.4 Co-Hosts
7.4.1 Airbnb may enable Hosts to authorize other Members (“Co-Hosts”) to administer the Host’s Listing(s), and to bind the Host and take certain actions in relation to the Listing(s) as permitted by the Host, such as accepting booking requests, messaging and welcoming Guests, and updating the Listing Fee and calendar availability (collectively, “Co-Host Services”).
Any agreement formed between Host and Co-Host may not conflict with these Terms, the Payments Terms, or any other Policies applicable to your Host Service(s).
Co-Hosts may only act in an individual capacity and not on behalf of a company or other organization, unless expressly authorized by Airbnb.
Airbnb reserves the right, in our sole discretion, to limit the number of Co-Hosts a Host may invite for each Listing and to limit the number of Listings a Co-Host may manage.
7.4.2 Hosts should exercise due diligence and care when deciding who to add as a Co-Host to their Listing(s).
Hosts remain solely responsible and liable for any and all Listings and Member Content published on the Airbnb Platform, including any Listing created by a Co-Host on their behalf.
Further, Hosts remain responsible and liable for their own acts and omissions, including, but not limited to, conduct that causes harm or damage to the Co-Host(s).
Co-Hosts remain responsible and liable for their own acts and omissions when engaging in their roles and responsibilities as a Co-Host, including, but not limited to, conduct that causes harm or damage to the Host.
In addition, both Host and Co-Host are jointly responsible and severally liable for third party claims, including Guest claims, arising from the acts and omissions of the other person as related to hosting activities, communications with Guests, and the provision of any Co-Host Services.
7.4.3 Unless agreed otherwise by Host and Co-Host, Host and Co-Host may terminate the Co-Host agreement at any time.
In addition, both Host and Co-Host acknowledge that their Co-hosting relationship will terminate in the event that Airbnb (i) terminates the Co-Host service or (ii) terminates either party’s participation in the Co-Host service.
When the Co-Host agreement is terminated, the Host will remain responsible for all of the Co-Host’s actions prior to the termination, including the responsibility to fulfill any pending or future bookings initiated prior to the termination.
When a Member is removed as a Co-Host, that Member will no longer have access to any Host or Guest information related to the applicable Host’s Listing(s).

7.4.4 As a Co-Host, you will not be reviewed by Guests, meaning that your Co-Host activities will not affect your Reviews or Ratings for other Listings for which you are a Host.
Instead, the Host of such Listing(s) will be reviewed by Guests (including potentially on the basis of the Co-Host’s conduct and performance).
Hosts acknowledge that Reviews and Ratings from Guests for their Listing(s) may be impacted by a Co-Host’s conduct and performance.
8.
Terms specific for Guests
8.1 Terms applicable to all bookings
8.1.1 Subject to meeting any requirements (such as completing any verification processes) set by Airbnb and/or the Host, you can book a Listing available on the Airbnb Platform by following the respective booking process.
All applicable fees, including the Listing Fee, Security Deposit (if applicable), Guest Fee and any applicable Taxes (collectively, “Total Fees”) will be presented to you prior to booking a Listing.
You agree to pay the Total Fees for any booking requested in connection with your Airbnb Account.
8.1.2 Upon receipt of a booking confirmation from Airbnb, a legally binding agreement is formed between you and your Host, subject to any additional terms and conditions of the Host that apply, including in particular the applicable cancellation policy and any rules and restrictions specified in the Listing.
Airbnb Payments will collect the Total Fees at the time of the booking request or upon the Host’s confirmation pursuant to the Payments Terms.
For certain bookings, Guests may be required to pay or have the option to pay in multiple installments.
8.1.3 If you book a Host Service on behalf of additional guests, you are required to ensure that every additional guest meets any requirements set by the Host, and is made aware of and agrees to these Terms and any terms and conditions, rules and restrictions set by the Host.
If you are booking for an additional guest who is a minor, you represent and warrant that you are legally authorized to act on behalf of the minor.
Minors may only participate in an Experience, Event or other Host Service if accompanied by an adult who is responsible for them.
8.1.4 Airbnb may enable a Guest who is booking a Listing on behalf of one or more additional guests (the “Organizer”) to split the payment of the Total Fees for an eligible booking on a pro-rata basis between the Organizer and at least one other additional guest (each a “Co-Payer”) (the “Group Payment Service”).
In order to participate in the Group Payment Service, each Co-Payer must have or register an Airbnb Account prior to making a payment.
All payments via the Group Payment Service are handled by Airbnb Payments and are subject to the Group Payment Terms of Service.
8.2 Booking Accommodations
8.2.1 You understand that a confirmed booking of an Accommodation (“Accommodation Booking”) is a limited license granted to you by the Host to enter, occupy and use the Accommodation for the duration of your stay, during which time the Host (only where and to the extent permitted by applicable law) retains the right to re-enter the Accommodation, in accordance with your agreement with the Host.
8.2.2 You agree to leave the Accommodation no later than the checkout time that the Host specifies in the Listing or such other time as mutually agreed upon between you and the Host.
If you stay past the agreed upon checkout time without the Host's consent (“Overstay”), you no longer have a license to stay in the Accommodation and the Host is entitled to make you leave in a manner consistent with applicable law.
In addition, you agree to pay, if requested by the Host, for each twenty-four (24) hour period (or any portion thereof) that you Overstay, an additional nightly fee of up to two (2) times the average nightly Listing Fee originally paid by you to cover the inconvenience suffered by the Host, plus all applicable Guest Fees, Taxes, and any legal expenses incurred by the Host to make you leave (collectively, "Overstay Fees").
Overstay Fees for late checkouts on the checkout date that do not impact upcoming bookings may be limited to the additional costs incurred by the Host as a result of such Overstay.
If you Overstay at an Accommodation, you authorize Airbnb (via Airbnb Payments) to charge you to collect Overstay Fees.
A Security Deposit, if required by a Host, may be applied to any Overstay Fees due for a Guest’s Overstay.
8.3 Booking Experiences, Events and other Host Services
8.3.1 You should carefully review the description of any Experience, Event or other Host Service you intend to book to ensure you (and any additional guests you are booking for) meet any minimum age, proficiency, fitness or other requirements which the Host has specified in their Listing.
At your sole discretion you may want to inform the Host of any medical or physical conditions, or other circumstances that may impact your and any additional guest’s ability to participate in any Experience, Event or other Host Service.
In addition, certain laws, like the minimum legal drinking age in the location of the Experience, Event or other Host Service, may also apply.
You are responsible for identifying, understanding, and complying with all laws, rules and regulations that apply to your participation in an Experience, Event or other Host Service.
8.3.2 Before and during an Experience, Event or other Host Service you must at all times adhere to the Hosts’ instructions.
8.3.3 You may not bring any additional individuals to an Experience, Event or other Host Service unless such an individual was added by you as an additional guest during the booking process on the Airbnb Platform.

8.4 Airbnb Travel Credits

Airbnb Travel Credits may be redeemed for eligible bookings via the Airbnb Platform as specified in the terms and conditions provided with the Travel Credit.
You may only redeem Airbnb Travel Credits after the Airbnb Travel Credits are reflected in your Airbnb Account.
9.
Booking Modifications, Cancellations and Refunds, Resolution Center
9.1 Hosts and Guests are responsible for any modifications to a booking that they make via the Airbnb Platform or direct Airbnb customer service to make ("Booking Modifications"), and agree to pay any additional Listing Fees, Host Fees or Guest Fees and/or Taxes associated with such Booking Modifications.
9.2 Guests can cancel a confirmed booking at any time pursuant to the Listing’s cancellation policy set by the Host, and Airbnb Payments will refund the amount of the Total Fees due to the Guest in accordance with such cancellation policy.
Unless extenuating circumstances exist, any portion of the Total Fees due to the Host under the applicable cancellation policy will be remitted to the Host by Airbnb Payments pursuant to the Payments Terms.
9.3 If a Host cancels a confirmed booking, the Guest will receive a full refund of the Total Fees for such booking.
In some instances, Airbnb may allow the Guest to apply the refund to a new booking, in which case Airbnb Payments will credit the amount against the Guest’s subsequent booking at the Guest’s direction.
Further, Airbnb may publish an automated review on the Listing cancelled by the Host indicating that a booking was cancelled.
In addition, Airbnb may (i) keep the calendar for the Listing unavailable or blocked for the dates of the cancelled booking, and/or (ii) impose a cancellation fee, unless the Host has a valid reason for cancelling the booking pursuant to Airbnb’s Extenuating Circumstances Policy or has legitimate concerns about the Guest’s behavior.
9.4 For Experiences, Events and other Host Services, if weather poses a safety risk to Guests, or if it prevents a Host from carrying out a Host Service that takes place primarily outdoors, Hosts may cancel the Host Service.
Hosts may also cancel the Host Service if other conditions exist that would prevent the Host from offering the Host Service safely.

9.5 In certain circumstances, Airbnb may decide, in its sole discretion, that it is necessary to cancel a pending or confirmed booking and initiate corresponding refunds and payouts.
This may be for reasons set forth in Airbnb's Extenuating Circumstances Policy or (i) where Airbnb believes in good faith, while taking the legitimate interests of both parties into account, this is necessary to avoid significant harm to Airbnb, other Members, third parties or property, or (ii) for any of the reasons set out in these Terms.
9.6 If a Guest who books an Accommodation suffers a Travel Issue as defined in the Guest Refund Policy, Airbnb may determine, in its sole discretion, to refund the Guest part or all of the Total Fees in accordance with the Guest Refund Policy.
If a Guest who books an Experience, Event or other Host Service suffers a Travel Issue as defined in the Experiences Guest Refund Policy, Airbnb may determine, in its sole discretion, to refund the Guest part or all of the Total Fees in accordance with the Experiences Guest Refund Policy.
9.7 If a Guest or Airbnb cancels a confirmed booking, and the Guest receives a refund in accordance with the Guest Refund Policy, Experiences Guest Refund Policy, Extenuating Circumstances Policy, or the applicable cancellation policy set by the Host and mentioned in the Listing, after the Host has already been paid, Airbnb Payments will be entitled to recover the amount of any such refund from the Host, including by subtracting such refund amount out from any future Payouts due to the Host.
9.8 Except as otherwise set out in these Terms, Members may use the Resolution Center to send or request money for refunds, additional Host Services or Damage Claims related to bookings.
You agree to pay all amounts sent through the Resolution Center in connection with your Airbnb Account, and Airbnb Payments will handle all such payments.
10.
Ratings and Reviews
10.1 Within a certain timeframe after completing a booking, Guests and Hosts can leave a public review (“Review”) and submit a star rating (“Rating”) about each other.
Ratings or Reviews reflect the opinions of individual Members and do not reflect the opinion of Airbnb.
Ratings and Reviews are not verified by Airbnb for accuracy and may be incorrect or misleading.
10.2 Ratings and Reviews by Guests and Hosts must be accurate and may not contain any offensive or defamatory language.
Ratings and Reviews are subject to Section 5 and must comply with Airbnb’s Content Policy and Extortion Policy.
10.3 Members are prohibited from manipulating the Ratings and Reviews system in any manner, such as instructing a third party to write a positive or negative Review about another Member.
10.4 Ratings and Reviews are part of a Member’s public profile and may also be surfaced elsewhere on the Airbnb Platform (such as the Listing page) together with other relevant information such as number of bookings, number of cancellations, average response time and other information.
11.
Damage to Accommodations, Disputes between Members
11.1 As a Guest, you are responsible for leaving the Accommodation (including any personal or other property located at the Accommodation) in the condition it was in when you arrived.
You are responsible for your own acts and omissions and are also responsible for the acts and omissions of any individuals whom you invite to, or otherwise provide access to, the Accommodation, excluding the Host (and the individuals the Host invites to the Accommodation, if applicable).
11.2 If a Host claims and provides evidence that you as a Guest have damaged an Accommodation or any personal or other property at an Accommodation ("Damage Claim"), the Host can seek payment from you through the Resolution Center.
If a Host escalates a Damage Claim to Airbnb, you will be given an opportunity to respond.
If you agree to pay the Host, or Airbnb determines in its sole discretion that you are responsible for the Damage Claim, Airbnb via Airbnb Payments will, after the end of your stay, collect any such sums from you and/or against the Security Deposit (if applicable) required to cover the Damage Claim pursuant to the Payments Terms.
Airbnb also reserves the right to otherwise collect payment from you and pursue any remedies available to Airbnb in this regard in situations in which you are responsible for a Damage Claim, including, but not limited to, in relation to any payment requests made by Hosts under the Airbnb Host Guarantee or Japan Host Insurance.
11.3 Members agree to cooperate with and assist Airbnb in good faith, and to provide Airbnb with such information and take such actions as may be reasonably requested by Airbnb, in connection with any Damage Claims or other complaints or claims made by Members relating to (i) Accommodations or any personal or other property located at an Accommodation (including, without limitation, payment requests made under the Airbnb Host Guarantee or Japan Host Insurance), (ii) Experiences, (iii) Co-Host agreements, or (iv) a Group Payment Booking.
A Member shall, upon Airbnb's reasonable request and at no cost to the Member, participate in mediation or a similar resolution process with another Member, which process will be conducted by Airbnb or a third party selected by Airbnb or its insurer, with respect to losses for which a Member is requesting payment from Airbnb (including but not limited to payments under the Airbnb Host Guarantee or payment under Japan Host Insurance).
11.4 If you are a Guest or a Co-Host, you understand and agree that Airbnb may make a claim under your homeowner's, renter's or other insurance policy related to any damage or loss that you may have caused, or been responsible for, to any personal or other property (including an Accommodation) of the Host (including without limitation amounts paid by Airbnb under the Airbnb Host Guarantee or amounts paid under Japan Host Insurance).
You agree to cooperate with and assist Airbnb in good faith, and to provide Airbnb with such information as may be reasonably requested by Airbnb, to make a claim under your homeowner's, renter's or other insurance policy, including, but not limited to, executing documents and taking such further acts as Airbnb may reasonably request to assist Airbnb in accomplishing the foregoing.
12.
Rounding off
Airbnb generally supports payment amounts that are payable from or to Guests or Hosts to the smallest unit supported by a given currency (i.e., U.S.
cents, Euro cents or other supported currencies).
Where Airbnb’s third-party payment services provider does not support payments in the smaller unit supported by a given currency, Airbnb may, in its sole discretion, round up or round down the displayed amounts that are payable from or to Guests or Hosts to the nearest whole functional base unit in which the currency is denominated (i.e.
to the nearest dollar, Euro or other supported currency).
for example, Airbnb may round up an amount of $101.50 to $102.00, and round down an amount of $101.49 to $101.00.
13.
Taxes
13.1 As a Host you are solely responsible for determining your obligations to report, collect, remit or include in your Listing Fees any applicable VAT or other indirect sales taxes, occupancy tax, tourist or other visitor taxes or income taxes ("Taxes").
13.2 Tax regulations may require us to collect appropriate Tax information from Hosts, or to withhold Taxes from payouts to Hosts, or both.
If a Host fails to provide us with the required documentation under applicable law (e.g., a tax number) that we determine to be sufficient to alleviate our obligation (if any) to withhold Taxes from payouts to you, we reserve the right to withhold payouts up to the tax-relevant amount as required by law, until resolution.
13.3 You understand that any appropriate governmental agency, department and/or authority ("Tax Authority") where your Accommodation is located may require Taxes to be collected from Guests or Hosts on Listing Fees, and to be remitted to the respective Tax Authority.
The laws in jurisdictions may vary, but these Taxes may be required to be collected and remitted as a percentage of the Listing Fees set by Hosts, a set amount per day, or other variations, and are sometimes called "transient occupancy taxes," "hotel taxes," "lodging taxes," "city taxes," "room taxes" or "tourist taxes" ("Occupancy Taxes").
13.4 In certain jurisdictions, Airbnb may decide in its sole discretion to facilitate collection and remittance of Occupancy Taxes from or on behalf of Guests or Hosts, in accordance with these Terms ("Collection and Remittance") if such jurisdiction asserts Airbnb or Hosts have an Occupancy Tax collection and remittance obligation.
In any jurisdiction in which we decide to facilitate direct Collection and Remittance, you hereby instruct and authorize Airbnb (via Airbnb Payments) to collect Occupancy Taxes from Guests on the Host's behalf at the time Listing Fees are collected, and to remit such Occupancy Taxes to the Tax Authority.
In other jurisdictions Airbnb may decide in its sole discretion to collect Occupancy Taxes and remit such Taxes to eligible and qualifying Hosts, based on tax information supplied by the Host, for ultimate reporting and remittance by such Host to the Tax Authority (“Pass-Through Tax Feature”).
Such Hosts using the Pass-Through Tax Feature will be solely responsible for informing Airbnb about the correct Occupancy Tax amount to be collected from the Guest in accordance with applicable law and directly remitting the Occupancy Taxes to the relevant Tax Authority.
Airbnb does not assume any liability for the failure of a participating Host to comply with any applicable tax reporting or remittance obligations.
The amount of Occupancy Taxes, if any, collected and remitted by Airbnb will be visible to and separately stated to both Guests and Hosts on their respective transaction documents.
Where Airbnb is facilitating Collection and Remittance, Hosts are not permitted to collect any Occupancy Taxes being collected by Airbnb relating to their Accommodations in that jurisdiction.
13.5 You agree that any claim or cause of action relating to Airbnb's facilitation of Collection and Remittance of Occupancy Taxes shall not extend to any supplier or vendor that may be used by Airbnb in connection with facilitation of Collection and Remittance, if any.
Guests and Hosts agree that we may seek additional amounts from you in the event that the Taxes collected and/or remitted are insufficient to fully discharge your obligations to the Tax Authority, and agree that your sole remedy for Occupancy Taxes collected is a refund of Occupancy Taxes collected by Airbnb from the applicable Tax Authority in accordance with applicable procedures set by that Tax Authority.
13.6 Airbnb reserves the right, with prior notice to Hosts, to cease the Collection and Remittance in any jurisdiction for any reason at which point Hosts and Guests are once again solely responsible and liable for the collection and/or remittance of any and all Occupancy Taxes that may apply to Accommodations in that jurisdiction.
14.
Prohibited Activities
14.1 You are solely responsible for compliance with any and all laws, rules, regulations, and Tax obligations that may apply to your use of the Airbnb Platform.
In connection with your use of the Airbnb Platform, you will not and will not assist or enable others to:

breach or circumvent any applicable laws or regulations, agreements with third-parties, third-party rights, or our Terms, Policies or Standards;
use the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content for any commercial or other purposes that are not expressly permitted by these Terms or in a manner that falsely implies Airbnb endorsement, partnership or otherwise misleads others as to your affiliation with Airbnb;
copy, store or otherwise access or use any information, including personally identifiable information about any other Member, contained on the Airbnb Platform in any way that is inconsistent with Airbnb’s Privacy Policy or these Terms or that otherwise violates the privacy rights of Members or third parties;
use the Airbnb Platform in connection with the distribution of unsolicited commercial messages ("spam");
offer, as a Host, any Accommodation that you do not yourself own or have permission to make available as a residential or other property through the Airbnb Platform;
unless Airbnb explicitly permits otherwise, book any Listing if you will not actually be using the Host Services yourself;
contact another Member for any purpose other than asking a question related to a your own booking, Listing, or the Member's use of the Airbnb Platform, including, but not limited to, recruiting or otherwise soliciting any Member to join third-party services, applications or websites, without our prior written approval;
use the Airbnb Platform to request, make or accept a booking independent of the Airbnb Platform, to circumvent any Service Fees or for any other reason;
request, accept or make any payment for Listing Fees outside of the Airbnb Platform or Airbnb Payments.
If you do so, you acknowledge and agree that you: (i) would be in breach of these Terms.
(ii) accept all risks and responsibility for such payment, and (iii) hold Airbnb harmless from any liability for such payment;
discriminate against or harass anyone on the basis of race, national origin, religion, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, age or sexual orientation, or otherwise engage in any violent, harmful, abusive or disruptive behavior;
misuse or abuse any Listings or services associated with the Airbnb Open Homes program as determined by Airbnb in its sole discretion.
use, display, mirror or frame the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content, or any individual element within the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb's name, any Airbnb trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page in the Airbnb Platform, without Airbnb's express written consent;
dilute, tarnish or otherwise harm the Airbnb brand in any way, including through unauthorized use of Collective Content, registering and/or using Airbnb or derivative terms in domain names, trade names, trademarks or other source identifiers, or registering and/or using domains names, trade names, trademarks or other source identifiers that closely imitate or are confusingly similar to Airbnb domains, trademarks, taglines, promotional campaigns or Collective Content;
use any robots, spider, crawler, scraper or other automated means or processes to access, collect data or other content from or otherwise interact with the Airbnb Platform for any purpose;
avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble, or otherwise attempt to circumvent any technological measure implemented by Airbnb or any of Airbnb's providers or any other third party to protect the Airbnb Platform;
attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the Airbnb Platform;
take any action that damages or adversely affects, or could damage or adversely affect the performance or proper functioning of the Airbnb Platform;
export, re-export, import, or transfer the Application except as authorized by United States law, the export control laws of your jurisdiction, and any other applicable laws.
or
violate or infringe anyone else’s rights or otherwise cause harm to anyone.

14.2 You acknowledge that Airbnb has no obligation to monitor the access to or use of the Airbnb Platform by any Member or to review, disable access to, or edit any Member Content, but has the right to do so to (i) operate, secure and improve the Airbnb Platform (including without limitation for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation and customer support purposes).
(ii) ensure Members’ compliance with these Terms.
(iii) comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, law enforcement or other administrative agency or governmental body.
(iv) respond to Member Content that it determines is harmful or objectionable.
or (v) as otherwise set forth in these Terms.
Members agree to cooperate with and assist Airbnb in good faith, and to provide Airbnb with such information and take such actions as may be reasonably requested by Airbnb with respect to any investigation undertaken by Airbnb or a representative of Airbnb regarding the use or abuse of the Airbnb Platform.
14.3 If you feel that any Member you interact with, whether online or in person, is acting or has acted inappropriately, including but not limited to anyone who (i) engages in offensive, violent or sexually inappropriate behavior, (ii) you suspect of stealing from you, or (iii) engages in any other disturbing conduct, you should immediately report such person to the appropriate authorities and then to Airbnb by contacting us with your police station and report number (if available).
You agree that any report you make will not obligate us to take any action (beyond that required by law, if any).
15.
Term and Termination, Suspension and other Measures
15.1 This Agreement shall be effective for a 30-day term, at the end of which it will automatically and continuously renew for subsequent 30-day terms until such time when you or Airbnb terminate the Agreement in accordance with this provision.
15.2 You may terminate this Agreement at any time by sending us an email.
If you cancel your Airbnb Account as a Host, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and your Guests will receive a full refund.
If you cancel your Airbnb Account as a Guest, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and any refund will depend upon the terms of the Listing’s cancellation policy.
15.3 Without limiting our rights specified below, Airbnb may terminate this Agreement for convenience at any time by giving you thirty (30) days' notice via email to your registered email address.
15.4 Airbnb may immediately, without notice, terminate this Agreement and/or stop providing access to the Airbnb Platform if (i) you have materially breached your obligations under these Terms, the Payments Terms, our Policies or Standards, (ii) you have violated applicable laws, regulations or third party rights, or (iii) Airbnb believes in good faith that such action is reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety or property of Airbnb, its Members, or third parties (for example in the case of fraudulent behavior of a Member).
15.5 In addition, Airbnb may take any of the following measures (i) to comply with applicable law, or the order or request of a court, law enforcement or other administrative agency or governmental body, or if (ii) you have breached these Terms, the Payments Terms, our Policies or Standards, applicable laws, regulations, or third party rights, (iii) you have provided inaccurate, fraudulent, outdated or incomplete information during the Airbnb Account registration, Listing process or thereafter, (iv) you and/or your Listings or Host Services at any time fail to meet any applicable quality or eligibility criteria, (v) you have repeatedly received poor Ratings or Reviews or Airbnb otherwise becomes aware of or has received complaints about your performance or conduct, (vi) you have repeatedly cancelled confirmed bookings or failed to respond to booking requests without a valid reason, or (vii) Airbnb believes in good faith that such action is reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety or property of Airbnb, its Members, or third parties, or to prevent fraud or other illegal activity:

refuse to surface, delete or delay any Listings, Ratings, Reviews, or other Member Content;
cancel any pending or confirmed bookings;
limit your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform;
temporarily or permanently revoke any special status associated with your Airbnb Account;
temporarily or in case of severe or repeated offenses permanently suspend your Airbnb Account and stop providing access to the Airbnb Platform.

In case of non-material breaches and where appropriate, you will be given notice of any intended measure by Airbnb and an opportunity to resolve the issue to Airbnb's reasonable satisfaction.
15.6 If we take any of the measures described above (i) we may refund your Guests in full for any and all confirmed bookings that have been cancelled, irrespective of preexisting cancellation policies, and (ii) you will not be entitled to any compensation for pending or confirmed bookings that were cancelled.
15.7 When this Agreement has been terminated, you are not entitled to a restoration of your Airbnb Account or any of your Member Content.
If your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform has been limited or your Airbnb Account has been suspended or this Agreement has been terminated by us, you may not register a new Airbnb Account or access and use the Airbnb Platform through an Airbnb Account of another Member.
15.8 Sections 5 and 16 to 22 of these Terms shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.
16.
Disclaimers

If you choose to use the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content, you do so voluntarily and at your sole risk.
The Airbnb Platform and Collective Content is provided “as is”, without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.


You agree that you have had whatever opportunity you deem necessary to investigate the Airbnb Services, laws, rules, or regulations that may be applicable to your Listings and/or Host Services you are receiving and that you are not relying upon any statement of law or fact made by Airbnb relating to a Listing.


If we choose to conduct identity verification or background checks on any Member, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim warranties of any kind, either express or implied, that such checks will identify prior misconduct by a Member or guarantee that a Member will not engage in misconduct in the future.


You agree that some Experiences, Events, other Host Services, or the Group Payment Service may carry inherent risk, and by participating in such services, you choose to assume those risks voluntarily.
For example, some Host Services may carry risk of illness, bodily injury, disability, or death, and you freely and willfully assume those risks by choosing to participate in those Host Services.
You assume full responsibility for the choices you make before, during and after your participation in a Host Service or the Group Payment Service.
If you are bringing a minor as an additional guest, you are solely responsible for the supervision of that minor throughout the duration of your Host Service and to the maximum extent permitted by law, you agree to release and hold harmless Airbnb from all liabilities and claims that arise in any way from any injury, death, loss or harm that occurs to that minor during the Host Service or in any way related to your Host Service.


The foregoing disclaimers apply to the maximum extent permitted by law.
You may have other statutory rights.
However, the duration of statutorily required warranties, if any, shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.

17.
Liability

You acknowledge and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the entire risk arising out of your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform and Collective Content, your publishing or booking of any Listing via the Airbnb Platform, your stay at any Accommodation, participation in any Experience or Event or use of any other Host Service, participation in the Group Payment Service, or any other interaction you have with other Members whether in person or online remains with you.
Neither Airbnb nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content will be liable for any incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages, including lost profits, loss of data or loss of goodwill, service interruption, computer damage or system failure or the cost of substitute products or services, or for any damages for personal or bodily injury or emotional distress arising out of or in connection with (i) these Terms, (ii) from the use of or inability to use the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content, (iii) from any communications, interactions or meetings with other Members or other persons with whom you communicate, interact or meet with as a result of your use of the Airbnb Platform, or (iv) from your publishing or booking of a Listing, including the provision or use of a Listing’s Host Services, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), product liability or any other legal theory, and whether or not Airbnb has been informed of the possibility of such damage, even if a limited remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Except for our obligations to pay amounts to applicable Hosts pursuant to these Terms or an approved payment request under the Airbnb Host Guarantee or Japan Host Insurance, in no event will Airbnb’s aggregate liability arising out of or in connection with these Terms and your use of the Airbnb Platform including, but not limited to, from your publishing or booking of any Listings via the Airbnb Platform, or from the use of or inability to use the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content and in connection with any Accommodation, Experiences, Event,other Host Service, the Group Payment Service, or interactions with any other Members, exceed the amounts you have paid or owe for bookings via the Airbnb Platform as a Guest in the twelve (12) month period prior to the event giving rise to the liability, or if you are a Host, the amounts paid by Airbnb to you in the twelve (12) month period prior to the event giving rise to the liability, or one hundred U.S.
dollars (US$100), if no such payments have been made, as applicable.
The limitations of damages set forth above are fundamental elements of the basis of the bargain between Airbnb and you.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the above limitation may not apply to you.
If you reside outside of the U.S., this does not affect Airbnb’s liability for death or personal injury arising from its negligence, nor for fraudulent misrepresentation, misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.

18.
Indemnification
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to release, defend (at Airbnb’s option), indemnify, and hold Airbnb and its affiliates and subsidiaries, including but not limited to, Airbnb Payments, and their officers, directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your breach of these Terms or our Policies or Standards, (ii) your improper use of the Airbnb Platform or any Airbnb Services, (iii) your interaction with any Member, stay at an Accommodation, participation in an Experience, Event or other Host Service, participation in the Group Payment Service, including without limitation any injuries, losses or damages (whether compensatory, direct, incidental, consequential or otherwise) of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of such interaction, stay, participation or use, (iv) Airbnb’s Collection and Remittance of Occupancy Taxes, or (v) your breach of any laws, regulations or third party rights.
19.
Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement
19.1 This Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement shall apply if your (i) country of residence or establishment is in the United States.
or (ii) your country of residence or establishment is not in the United States, but bring any claim against Airbnb in the United States (to the extent not in conflict with Section 21).
19.2 Overview of Dispute Resolution Process.
Airbnb is committed to participating in a consumer-friendly dispute resolution process.
To that end, these Terms provide for a two-part process for individuals to whom Section 19.1 applies: (1) an informal negotiation directly with Airbnb’s customer service team, and (2) a binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) using its specially designed Consumer Arbitration Rules (as modified by this Section 19 and except as provided in Section 19.6).
Specifically, the Consumer Arbitration Rules provide:

Claims can be filed with AAA online (www.adr.org);
Arbitrators must be neutral and no party may unilaterally select an arbitrator;
Arbitrators must disclose any bias, interest in the result of the arbitration, or relationship with any party;
Parties retain the right to seek relief in small claims court for certain claims, at their option;
The initial filing fee for the consumer is capped at $200;
The consumer gets to elect the hearing location and can elect to participate live, by phone, video conference, or, for claims under $25,000, by the submission of documents;
The arbitrator can grant any remedy that the parties could have received in court to resolve the party’s individual claim.

19.3 Pre-Arbitration Dispute Resolution and Notification.
Prior to initiating an arbitration, you and Airbnb each agree to notify the other party of the dispute and attempt to negotiate an informal resolution to it first.
We will contact you at the email address you have provided to us.
you can contact Airbnb’s customer service team by emailing us.
If after a good faith effort to negotiate one of us feels the dispute has not and cannot be resolved informally, the party intending to pursue arbitration agrees to notify the other party via email prior to initiating the arbitration.
In order to initiate arbitration, a claim must be filed with the AAA and the written Demand for Arbitration (available at www.adr.org) provided to the other party, as specified in the AAA Rules.

19.4 Agreement to Arbitrate.
You and Airbnb mutually agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the applicability, breach, termination, validity, enforcement or interpretation thereof, or to the use of the Airbnb Platform, the Host Services, the Group Payment Service, or the Collective Content (collectively, “Disputes”) will be settled by binding individual arbitration (the “Arbitration Agreement”).
If there is a dispute about whether this Arbitration Agreement can be enforced or applies to our Dispute, you and Airbnb agree that the arbitrator will decide that issue.

19.5 Exceptions to Arbitration Agreement.
You and Airbnb each agree that the following claims are exceptions to the Arbitration Agreement and will be brought in a judicial proceeding in a court of competent jurisdiction: (i) Any claim related to actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights.
(ii) Any claim seeking emergency injunctive relief based on exigent circumstances (e.g., imminent danger or commission of a crime, hacking, cyber-attack).
19.6 Arbitration Rules and Governing Law.
This Arbitration Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision.
The arbitration will be administered by AAA in accordance with the Consumer Arbitration Rules and/or other AAA arbitration rules determined to be applicable by the AAA (the “AAA Rules“) then in effect, except as modified here.
The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1–800–778–7879.
19.7 Modification to AAA Rules - Arbitration Hearing/Location.
In order to make the arbitration most convenient to you, Airbnb agrees that any required arbitration hearing may be conducted, at your option, (a) in the county where you reside.
(b) in San Francisco County.
(c) in any other location to which you and Airbnb both agree.
(d) via phone or video conference.
or (e) for any claim or counterclaim under $25,000, by solely the submission of documents to the arbitrator.
19.8 Modification of AAA Rules - Attorney’s Fees and Costs.
You and Airbnb agree that Airbnb will be responsible for payment of the balance of any initial filing fee under the AAA Rules in excess of $200 for claims of $75,000 or less.
You may be entitled to seek an award of attorney fees and expenses if you prevail in arbitration, to the extent provided under applicable law and the AAA rules.
Unless the arbitrator determines that your claim was frivolous or filed for the purpose of harassment, Airbnb agrees it will not seek, and hereby waives all rights it may have under applicable law or the AAA Rules, to recover attorneys’ fees and expenses if it prevails in arbitration.
19.9 Arbitrator’s Decision.
The arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award.
Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court with proper jurisdiction.
The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only on an individual basis and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim.

19.10 Jury Trial Waiver.
You and Airbnb acknowledge and agree that we are each waiving the right to a trial by jury as to all arbitrable Disputes.


19.11 No Class Actions or Representative Proceedings.
You and Airbnb acknowledge and agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we are each waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action lawsuit, class-wide arbitration, private attorney general action, or any other representative proceeding as to all Disputes.
Further, unless you and Airbnb both otherwise agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one party’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding.
If the “class action lawsuit” waiver or the “class-wide arbitration” waiver in this Section 19.11 is held unenforceable with respect to any Dispute, then the entirety of the Arbitration Agreement will be deemed void with respect to such Dispute and the Dispute must proceed in court.
If the “private attorney general action” waiver or the “representative proceeding” waiver in this Section 19.11 is held unenforceable with respect to any Dispute, those waivers may be severed from this Arbitration Agreement and you and Airbnb agree that any private attorney general claims and representative claims in the Dispute will be severed and stayed, pending the resolution of any arbitrable claims in the Dispute in individual arbitration.

19.12 Severability.
Except as provided in Section 19.11, in the event that any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is deemed illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall be given full force and effect.
19.13 Changes.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3 (“Modification of these Terms”), if Airbnb changes this Section 19 (“Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement”) after the date you last accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email) within thirty (30) days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last Updated” date above or in the date of Airbnb’s email to you notifying you of such change.
Rejecting a new change, however, does not revoke or alter your prior consent to any earlier agreements to arbitrate any Dispute between you and Airbnb (or your prior consent to any subsequent changes thereto), which will remain in effect and enforceable as to any Dispute between you and Airbnb.
19.14 Survival.
Except as provided in Section 19.12 and subject to Section 15.8, this Section 19 will survive any termination of these Terms and will continue to apply even if you stop using the Airbnb Platform or terminate your Airbnb Account.
20.
Feedback
We welcome and encourage you to provide feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Airbnb Platform (“Feedback“).
You may submit Feedback by emailing us, through the “Contact” section of the Airbnb Platform, or by other means of communication.
Any Feedback you submit to us will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary to you.
By submitting Feedback to us, you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, sub-licensable, perpetual license to use and publish those ideas and materials for any purpose, without compensation to you.
21.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
21.1 If your country of residence or establishment is the United States, these Terms will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California and the United States of America, without regard to conflict-of-law provisions.
Judicial proceedings (other than small claims actions) that are excluded from the Arbitration Agreement in Section 19 must be brought in state or federal court in San Francisco, California, unless we both agree to some other location.
You and we both consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in San Francisco, California.
21.2 If your country of residence or establishment is China these Terms will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of China (“China Laws”).
Any dispute arising from or in connection with this Agreement shall be submitted to the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (CIETAC) for arbitration in Beijing which shall be conducted in accordance with CIETAC’s arbitration rules in effect at the time of applying for arbitration, provided that this section shall not be construed to limit any rights which Airbnb may have to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for an order requiring you to perform or be prohibited from performing certain acts and other provisional relief permitted under China Laws or any other laws that may apply to you.
The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in English.
The arbitral award rendered is final and binding upon both parties.
21.3 If your country of residence or establishment is outside of the United States and China, these Terms will be interpreted in accordance with Irish law.
The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) is excluded.
The choice of law does not impact your rights as a consumer according to the consumer protection regulations of your country of residence.
If you are acting as a consumer, you agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.
Judicial proceedings that you are able to bring against us arising from or in connection with these Terms may only be brought in a court located in Ireland or a court with jurisdiction in your place of residence.
If Airbnb wishes to enforce any of its rights against you as a consumer, we may do so only in the courts of the jurisdiction in which you are a resident.
If you are acting as a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.
22.
General Provisions
22.1 Except as they may be supplemented by additional terms and conditions, policies, guidelines or standards, these Terms constitute the entire Agreement between Airbnb and you pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Airbnb and you in relation to the access to and use of the Airbnb Platform.
22.2 No joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Airbnb as a result of this Agreement or your use of the Airbnb Platform.
22.3 These Terms do not and are not intended to confer any rights or remedies upon any person other than the parties.
22.4 If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be struck and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
22.5 Airbnb’s failure to enforce any right or provision in these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing.
Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise permitted under law.
22.6 You may not assign, transfer or delegate this Agreement and your rights and obligations hereunder without Airbnb's prior written consent.
Airbnb may without restriction assign, transfer or delegate this Agreement and any rights and obligations hereunder, at its sole discretion, with 30 days prior notice.
Your right to terminate this Agreement at any time remains unaffected.
22.7 Unless specified otherwise, any notices or other communications to Members permitted or required under this Agreement, will be provided electronically and given by Airbnb via email, Airbnb Platform notification, or messaging service (including SMS and WeChat).
If your booking is in respect of a Listing in Japan, you agree and acknowledge that such notifications via electronic means in lieu of a written statement, satisfies Airbnb’s obligations under Article 59 Paragraph 1 of the Japanese Housing Accommodation Business Act.
22.8 If you have any questions about these Terms please email us. Terms of Service for European Users Download version

Please read these Terms of Service for European Users (“Terms”) carefully as they contain important information about your legal rights, remedies and obligations.
By accessing or using the Airbnb Platform, you agree to comply with and be bound by these Terms.


Please note: Section 19 of these Terms contains an arbitration clause and class action waiver that applies to all claims brought against Airbnb in the United States.
It affects how disputes with Airbnb are resolved.
By accepting these Terms, you agree to be bound by this arbitration clause and class action waiver.
Please read it carefully.


You can access the European Commission’s online dispute resolution platform here: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr.
Please note that Airbnb is not committed nor obliged to use an alternative dispute resolution entity to resolve disputes with consumers.

Last Updated: January 21, 2019
Thank you for using Airbnb!
These Terms constitute a legally binding agreement ("Agreement") between you and Airbnb (as defined below) governing your access to and use of the Airbnb website, including any subdomains thereof, and any other websites through which Airbnb makes its services available (collectively, "Site"), our mobile, tablet and other smart device applications, and application program interfaces (collectively, "Application") and all associated services (collectively, "Airbnb Services").
The Site, Application and Airbnb Services together are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Airbnb Platform”.
Our Host Guarantee Terms, Guest Refund Policy, Nondiscrimination Policy and other Policies applicable to your use of the Airbnb Platform are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
When these Terms mention “Airbnb,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to Airbnb Ireland UC (“Airbnb Ireland”), The Watermarque Building, South Lotts Road, Ringsend, Dublin 4, Ireland.
.

If you change your country of residence or establishment to a country outside of the EEA, the Airbnb company you contract with and the applicable Terms of Service will be determined by your new country of residence or establishment as specified in the Terms of Service for Non-European Users, from the date on which your country of residence or establishment changes.
Our collection and use of personal information in connection with your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform is described in our Privacy Policy.
Any and all payment processing services through or in connection with your use of the Airbnb Platform ("Payment Services") are provided to you by one or more Airbnb Payments entities (individually and collectively, as appropriate, "Airbnb Payments") as set out in the Payments Terms of Service ("Payments Terms").
Hosts alone are responsible for identifying, understanding, and complying with all laws, rules and regulations that apply to their Listings and Host Services (as defined below).
For example, some cities have laws that restrict their ability to host paying guests for short periods or provide certain Host Services.
In many cities, Hosts may have to register, get a permit or obtain a license before providing certain Host Services (such as preparing food, serving alcohol for sale, guiding tours or operating a vehicle).
Host are alone responsible for identifying and obtaining any required licenses, permits, or registrations for any Host Services they offer.
Certain types of Host Services may be prohibited altogether.
Penalties may include fines or other enforcement.
We provide some information in our Help Center to help you identify some of the obligations that apply to you.
If you have questions about how local laws apply to your Listing(s) and Host Service(s) on Airbnb, you should always seek legal guidance.
Table of Contents

Scope of Airbnb Services
Eligibility, Using the Airbnb Platform, Member Verification
Modification of these Terms
Account Registration
Content
Service Fees
Terms specific for Hosts
Terms specific for Guests
Booking Modifications, Cancellations and Refunds, Resolution Center
Ratings and Reviews
Damage to Accommodations, Disputes between Members
Rounding off, Currency conversion
Taxes
Prohibited Activities
Term and Termination, Suspension and other Measures
Disclaimers
Liability
Indemnification
Dispute Resolution
Feedback
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
General Provisions

1.
Scope of Airbnb Services
1.1 The Airbnb Platform is an online marketplace that enables registered users (“Members”) and certain third parties who offer services (Members and third parties who offer services are “Hosts” and the services they offer are “Host Services”) to publish such Host Services on the Airbnb Platform (“Listings”) and to communicate and transact directly with Members that are seeking to book such Host Services (Members using Host Services are “Guests”).
Host Services may include the offering of vacation or other properties for use ("Accommodations"), single or multi-day activities in various categories (“Experiences”), access to unique events and locations (“Events”), and a variety of other travel and non-travel related services.
1.2 As the provider of the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb does not own, create, sell, resell, provide, control, manage, offer, deliver, or supply any Listings or Host Services, nor is Airbnb an organiser or retailer of travel packages under Directive (EU) 2015/2302.
Hosts alone are responsible for their Listings and Host Services.
When Members make or accept a booking, they are entering into a contract directly with each other.
Airbnb is not and does not become a party to or other participant in any contractual relationship between Members, nor is Airbnb a real estate broker or insurer.
Airbnb is not acting as an agent in any capacity for any Member, except as specified in the Payments Terms.
1.3 While we may help facilitate the resolution of disputes, Airbnb has no control over and does not guarantee (i) the existence, quality, safety, suitability, or legality of any Listings or Host Services, (ii) the truth or accuracy of any Listing descriptions, Ratings, Reviews, or other Member Content (as defined below), or (iii) the performance or conduct of any Member or third party.
Airbnb does not endorse any Member, Listing or Host Services.
Any references to a Member being "verified" (or similar language) only indicate that the Member has completed a relevant verification or identification process and nothing else.
Any such description is not an endorsement, certification or guarantee by Airbnb about any Member, including of the Member's identity or background or whether the Member is trustworthy, safe or suitable.
You should always exercise due diligence and care when deciding whether to stay in an Accommodation, participate in an Experience or Event or use other Host Services, accept a booking request from a Guest, or communicate and interact with other Members, whether online or in person.
Verified Images (as defined below) are intended only to indicate a photographic representation of a Listing at the time the photograph was taken, and are therefore not an endorsement by Airbnb of any Host or Listing.
1.4 If you choose to use the Airbnb Platform as a Host or Co-Host (as defined below), your relationship with Airbnb is limited to being an independent, third-party contractor, and not an employee, agent, joint venturer or partner of Airbnb for any reason, and you act exclusively on your own behalf and for your own benefit, and not on behalf, or for the benefit, of Airbnb.
Airbnb does not, and shall not be deemed to, direct or control you generally or in your performance under these Terms specifically, including in connection with your provision of the Host Services.
You acknowledge that you have complete discretion whether to list Host Services or otherwise engage in other business or employment activities.

1.5 To promote the Airbnb Platform and to increase the exposure of Listings to potential Guests, Listings and other Member Content may be displayed on other websites, in applications, within emails, and in online and offline advertisements in accordance with Section 5.
To assist Members who speak different languages, Airbnb may make automated tools available to enable Members to translate Listings and other Member Content, in whole or in part, into other languages.
Members are free to use these tools at their own discretion.
Airbnb cannot guarantee the accuracy or quality of such translations and Members are responsible for reviewing and verifying the accuracy of such translations.

1.6 The Airbnb Platform may contain links to third-party websites or resources (“Third-Party Services”).
Such Third-Party Services may be subject to different terms and conditions and privacy practices.
Airbnb is not responsible or liable for the availability or accuracy of such Third-Party Services, or the content, products, or services available from such Third-Party Services.
Links to such Third-Party Services are not an endorsement by Airbnb of such Third-Party Services.
1.7 Airbnb is not responsible for outages or disruptions of the Internet and telecommunications infrastructure which are beyond our control and can lead to interruptions in the availability of the Airbnb Platform.
Airbnb may, temporarily and under consideration of the Members’ legitimate interests (e.g.
by providing prior notice), restrict the availability of the Airbnb Platform or certain areas or features thereof, if this is necessary in view of capacity limits, the security or integrity of our servers, or to carry out maintenance measures that ensure the proper or improved functioning of the Airbnb Platform.
Section 17 (Liability) remains unaffected.
Airbnb may improve, enhance and modify the Airbnb Platform and introduce new Airbnb Services from time to time.
Airbnb will provide notice to Members of any changes to the Airbnb Platform, unless such changes are of minor nature without having a material effect on the parties’ contractual obligations.
2.
Eligibility, Using the Airbnb Platform, Member Verification
2.1 In order to access and use the Airbnb Platform or register an Airbnb Account you must be an individual at least 18 years old or a duly organized, validly existing business, organization or other legal entity in good standing under the laws of the country you are registered and able to enter into legally binding contracts.
2.2 You will comply with any applicable export control laws in your local jurisdiction.
You also represent and warrant that (i) neither you nor your Host Service(s) are located or take place in a country that is subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
2.3 Airbnb may make access to and use of the Airbnb Platform, or certain areas or features of the Airbnb Platform, subject to certain conditions or requirements, such as completing a verification process, meeting specific quality or eligibility criteria, meeting Ratings or Reviews thresholds, or a Member’s booking and cancellation history.
2.4 User verification on the Internet is difficult and we do not assume any responsibility for the confirmation of any Member’s identity.
Notwithstanding the above, for transparency and fraud prevention purposes, and as permitted by applicable laws, we may, but have no obligation to (i) ask Members to provide a form of government identification or other information or undertake additional checks designed to help verify the identities or backgrounds of Members, (ii) screen Members against third party databases or other sources and request reports from service providers, and (iii) where we have sufficient information to identify a Member, obtain reports from public records of criminal convictions or sex offender registrations or an equivalent version of background or registered sex offender checks in your local jurisdiction (if available).
2.5 The access to or use of certain areas and features of the Airbnb Platform may be subject to separate policies, standards or guidelines, or may require that you accept additional terms and conditions,before you can access the relevant areas or features of the Airbnb Platform.
If there is a conflict between these Terms and terms and conditions applicable to a specific area or feature of the Airbnb Platform, the latter terms and conditions will take precedence with respect to your access to or use of that area or feature, unless specified otherwise in the latter terms and conditions.
2.6 If you access or download the Application from the Apple App Store, you agree to Apple’s Licensed Application End User License Agreement.
Some areas of the Airbnb Platform implement Google Maps/Earth mapping services, including Google Maps API(s).
Your use of Google Maps/Earth is subject to the Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service.
3.
Modification of these Terms
Airbnb reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time in accordance with this provision.
If we make changes to these Terms, we will post the revised Terms on the Airbnb Platform and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms.
We will also provide you with notice of the modifications by email at least thirty (30) days before the date they become effective.
If you disagree with the revised Terms, you may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect.
We will inform you about your right to terminate the Agreement in the notification email.
If you do not terminate your Agreement before the date the revised Terms become effective, your continued access to or use of the Airbnb Platform will constitute acceptance of the revised Terms.
4.
Account Registration
4.1 You must register an account ("Airbnb Account") to access and use certain features of the Airbnb Platform, such as publishing or booking a Listing.
If you are registering an Airbnb Account for a business, organization or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to legally bind that entity and grant us all permissions and licenses provided in these Terms.
4.2 You can register an Airbnb Account using an email address and creating a password, or through your account with certain third-party social networking services, such as Facebook or Google ("SNS Account").
You have the ability to disable the connection between your Airbnb Account and your SNS Account at any time, by accessing the "Settings" section of the Airbnb Platform.
4.3 You must provide accurate, current and complete information during the registration process and keep your Airbnb Account and public Airbnb Account profile page information up-to-date at all times.
4.4 You may not register more than one (1) Airbnb Account unless Airbnb authorizes you to do so.
You may not assign or otherwise transfer your Airbnb Account to another party.
4.5 You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your Airbnb Account credentials and may not disclose your credentials to any third party.
You must immediately notify Airbnb if you know or have any reason to suspect that your credentials have been lost, stolen, misappropriated, or otherwise compromised or in case of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your Airbnb Account.
You are liable for any and all activities conducted through your Airbnb Account, unless such activities are not authorized by you and you are not otherwise negligent (such as failing to report the unauthorized use or loss of your credentials).
4.6 Airbnb may enable features that allow you to authorize other Members or certain third parties to take certain actions that affect your Airbnb Account.
For example, we may enable Members to link their Airbnb Accounts to businesses and take actions for those businesses, we may enable eligible Members or certain third parties to book Listings on behalf of other Members, or we may enable Hosts to add other Members as Co-Hosts (as defined below) to help manage their Listings.
These features do not require that you share your credentials with any other person.
No third party is authorized by Airbnb to ask for your credentials, and you shall not request the credentials of another Member.
5.
Content
5.1 Airbnb may enable Members to (i) create, upload, post, send, receive and store content, such as text, photos, audio, video, or other materials and information on or through the Airbnb Platform ("Member Content").
and (ii) access and view Member Content and any content that Airbnb itself makes available on or through the Airbnb Platform, including proprietary Airbnb content and any content licensed or authorized for use by or through Airbnb from a third party ("Airbnb Content" and together with Member Content, "Collective Content").
5.2 The Airbnb Platform, Airbnb Content, and Member Content may in its entirety or in part be protected by copyright, trademark, and/or other laws of the United States and other countries.
You acknowledge and agree that the Airbnb Platform and Airbnb Content, including all associated intellectual property rights, are the exclusive property of Airbnb and/or its licensors or authorizing third-parties.
You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb Content or Member Content.
All trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names, and any other source identifiers of Airbnb used on or in connection with the Airbnb Platform and Airbnb Content are trademarks or registered trademarks of Airbnb in the United States and abroad.
Trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations of third parties used on or in connection with the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb Content, and/or Collective Content are used for identification purposes only and may be the property of their respective owners.
5.3 You will not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content, except to the extent you are the legal owner of certain Member Content or as expressly permitted in these Terms.
No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise under any intellectual property rights owned or controlled by Airbnb or its licensors, except for the licenses and rights expressly granted in these Terms.
5.4 Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Airbnb grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferable license to (i) download and use the Application on your personal device(s).
and (ii) access and view any Collective Content made available on or through the Airbnb Platform and accessible to you, solely for your personal and non-commercial use.
5.5 By uploading, posting or otherwise making available any Member Content on or through the Airbnb Platform, you grant to Airbnb a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual (or for the term of the protection), sub-licensable and transferable license to such Member Content to access, use, store, copy, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, publish, transmit, stream, broadcast, and otherwise exploit in any manner such Member Content to provide and/or promote the Airbnb Platform, in any media or platform.
Insofar as Member Content (including Verified Images) includes personal information, such Member Content will only be used for these purposes if such use complies with applicable data protection laws in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Unless you provide specific consent, Airbnb does not claim any ownership rights in any Member Content and nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use or exploit your Member Content.
5.6 Airbnb may offer Hosts the option of having professional photographers take photographs of their Host Services, which are made available by the photographer to Hosts to include in their Listings with or without a watermark or tag bearing the words "Airbnb.com Verified Photo" or similar wording ("Verified Images").
You are responsible for ensuring that your Host Service is accurately represented in the Verified Images and you will stop using the Verified Images on or through the Airbnb Platform if they no longer accurately represent your Listing, if you stop hosting the Host Service featured, or if your Airbnb Account is terminated or suspended for any reason.
You acknowledge and agree that Airbnb shall have the right to use any Verified Images in accordance with Section 5.5 for advertising, marketing or publicity purposes, including limited use by permitted third parties, in any media or platform.
Where Airbnb is not the exclusive owner of Verified Images, by using such Verified Images on or through the Airbnb Platform, you grant to Airbnb an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual (or for the term of the protection), sub-licensable and transferable license to use such Verified Images for advertising, marketing or publicity purposes in any media or platform.
Airbnb in turn grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferable license to use Verified Images outside of the Airbnb Platform solely for your personal and non-commercial use.
5.7 You are solely responsible for all Member Content that you make available on or through the Airbnb Platform.
Accordingly, you represent and warrant that: (i) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all Member Content that you make available on or through the Airbnb Platform or you have all rights, licenses, consents and releases that are necessary to grant to Airbnb the rights in and to such Member Content, as contemplated under these Terms.
and (ii) neither the Member Content nor your posting, uploading, publication, submission or transmittal of the Member Content or Airbnb's use of the Member Content (or any portion thereof) as contemplated under these Terms will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party's patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other proprietary or intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
5.8 You will not post, upload, publish, submit or transmit any Member Content that: (i) is fraudulent, false, misleading (directly or by omission or failure to update information) or deceptive.
(ii) is defamatory, libelous, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or offensive.
(iii) promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group.
(iv) is violent or threatening or promotes violence or actions that are threatening to any other person or animal.
(v) promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances.
or (vi) violates Airbnb’s Content Policy or any other Airbnb policy.
Airbnb may remove or disable access to any Member Content that is in violation of applicable law, these Terms or Airbnb’s then-current Policies or Standards, or otherwise may be harmful or objectionable to Airbnb, its Members, third parties, or property.
Where Airbnb removes or disables Member Content, Airbnb will notify a Member and provide the reasons for such a measure, unless such notification would (i) prevent or impede the detection or prevention of fraud or other illegal activities, (ii) harm the legitimate interests of other Members or third parties, or (ii) contravene applicable laws.
You may appeal such a decision by contacting customer service.
5.9 Airbnb respects copyright law and expects its Members to do the same.
If you believe that any content on the Airbnb Platform infringes copyrights you own, please notify us in accordance with our Copyright Policy.
6.
Service Fees
6.1 Airbnb may charge fees to Hosts ("Host Fees") and/or Guests ("Guest Fees") (collectively, "Service Fees") in consideration for the use of the Airbnb Platform.
More information about when Service Fees apply and how they are calculated can be found on our Service Fees page.
6.2 Any applicable Service Fees (including any applicable Taxes) will be displayed to a Host or Guest prior to publishing or booking a Listing.
Airbnb reserves the right to change the Service Fees at any time, and will provide Members adequate notice of any fee changes before they become effective.
Such fee changes will not affect any bookings made prior to the effective date of the fee change.
6.3 You are responsible for paying any Service Fees that you owe to Airbnb.
The applicable Service Fees (including any applicable Taxes) are collected by Airbnb Payments.
Airbnb Payments will deduct any Host Fees from the Listing Fee before remitting the payout to the Host.
Any Guest Fees are included in the Total Fees collected by Airbnb Payments.
Except as otherwise provided on the Airbnb Platform, Service Fees are non-refundable.
7.
Terms specific for Hosts
7.1 Terms applicable to all Listings
7.1.1 When creating a Listing through the Airbnb Platform you must (i) provide complete and accurate information about your Host Service (such as listing description, location, and calendar availability), (ii) disclose any deficiencies, restrictions (such as house rules) and requirements that apply (such as any minimum age, proficiency or fitness requirements for an Experience) and (iii) provide any other pertinent information requested by Airbnb.
You are responsible for keeping your Listing information (including calendar availability) up-to-date at all times.
7.1.2 You are solely responsible for setting a price (including any Taxes if applicable, or charges such as cleaning fees) for your Listing (“Listing Fee”).
Once a Guest requests a booking of your Listing, you may not request that the Guest pays a higher price than in the booking request.
7.1.3 Any terms and conditions included in your Listing, in particular in relation to cancellations, must not conflict with these Terms or the relevant cancellation policy for your Listing.
7.1.4 Airbnb may enable certain Hosts to participate in its “Open Homes Program.” The Open Homes Program enables Hosts to provide Listings to certain Guests, such as refugees or evacuees, for free.
You acknowledge that if you choose to participate in the Open Homes Program, your ability to restrict your Listing to certain Guests, such as Guests with previous positive Reviews, may be limited.

7.1.5 Pictures, animations or videos (collectively, "Images") used in your Listings must accurately reflect the quality and condition of your Host Services.
Airbnb reserves the right to require that Listings have a minimum number of Images of a certain format, size and resolution.
7.1.6 The placement and ranking of Listings in search results on the Airbnb Platform may vary and depend on a variety of factors, such as Guest search parameters and preferences, Host requirements, price and calendar availability, number and quality of Images, customer service and cancellation history, Reviews and Ratings, type of Host Service, and/or ease of booking.
More information about the factors that determine how your Listing appears in search results can be found on our help center.
7.1.7 When you accept or have pre-approved a booking request by a Guest, you are entering into a legally binding agreement with the Guest and are required to provide your Host Service(s) to the Guest as described in your Listing when the booking request is made.
You also agree to pay the applicable Host Fee and any applicable Taxes.
7.1.8 Airbnb recommends that Hosts obtain appropriate insurance for their Host Services.
Please review any respective insurance policy carefully, and in particular make sure that you are familiar with and understand any exclusions to, and any deductibles that may apply for, such insurance policy, including, but not limited to, whether or not your insurance policy will cover the actions or inactions of Guests (and the individuals the Guest has booked for, if applicable) while staying at your Accommodation or participating in your Experience, Event or other Host Service.
7.2 Listing Accommodations
7.2.1 Unless expressly allowed by Airbnb, you may not list more than one Accommodation per Listing.
7.2.2 If you choose to require a security deposit for your Accommodation, you must specify this in your Listing ("Security Deposit").
Hosts are not allowed to ask for a Security Deposit (i) after a booking has been confirmed or (ii) outside of the Airbnb Platform.

7.2.3 Any Listing you post and the booking of, or a Guest's stay at, an Accommodation shall (i) not breach any agreements you have entered into with any third parties, such as homeowners association, condominium, or other agreements, and (ii) comply with all applicable laws (such as zoning laws), Tax requirements, and other rules and regulations (including having all required permits, licenses and registrations).

7.3 Listing Experiences, Events and other Host Services
Hosts who list Experiences, Events and Host Services other than Accommodations agree to and are subject to the Additional Terms for Experience Hosts.
7.4 Co-Hosts
7.4.1 Airbnb may enable Hosts to authorize other Members (“Co-Hosts”) to administer the Host’s Listing(s), and to bind the Host and take certain actions in relation to the Listing(s) as permitted by the Host, such as accepting booking requests, messaging and welcoming Guests, and updating the Listing Fee and calendar availability (collectively, “Co-Host Services”).
Any agreement formed between Host and Co-Host may not conflict with these Terms, the Payments Terms, or any other Policies applicable to your Host Service(s).
Co-Hosts may only act in an individual capacity and not on behalf of a company or other organization, unless expressly authorized by Airbnb.
Airbnb reserves the right, in our sole discretion, to limit the number of Co-Hosts a Host may invite for each Listing and to limit the number of Listings a Co-Host may manage.
7.4.2 Hosts should exercise due diligence and care when deciding who to add as a Co-Host to their Listing(s).
Hosts are responsible and liable for any and all Listings and Member Content published on the Airbnb Platform created by a Co-Host on their behalf.
Further, Hosts remain responsible and liable for their own acts and omissions, including, but not limited to, conduct that causes harm or damage to the Co-Host(s).
Co-Hosts remain responsible and liable for their own acts and omissions when engaging in their roles and responsibilities as a Co-Host, including, but not limited to, conduct that causes harm or damage to the Host.
In addition, both Host and Co-Host are jointly responsible and severally liable for third party claims, including Guest claims, arising from the acts and omissions of the other person as related to hosting activities, communications with Guests, and the provision of any Co-Host Services.
7.4.3 Unless agreed otherwise by Host and Co-Host, Host and Co-Host may terminate the Co-Host agreement at any time.
In addition, both Host and Co-Host acknowledge that their Co-hosting relationship will terminate in the event that Airbnb (i) terminates the Co-Host service or (ii) terminates either party’s participation in the Co-Host service.
When the Co-Host agreement is terminated, the Host will remain responsible for all of the Co-Host’s actions prior to the termination, including the responsibility to fulfill any pending or future bookings initiated prior to the termination, except in the event of gross misconduct or malicious behavior of the Co-Host.
When a Member is removed as a Co-Host, that Member will no longer have access to any Host or Guest information related to the applicable Host’s Listing(s).

7.4.4 As a Co-Host, you will not be reviewed by Guests, meaning that your Co-Host activities will not affect your Reviews or Ratings for other Listings for which you are a Host.
Instead, the Host of such Listing(s) will be reviewed by Guests (including potentially on the basis of the Co-Host’s conduct and performance).
Hosts acknowledge that Reviews and Ratings from Guests for their Listing(s) may be impacted by a Co-Host’s conduct and performance.
8.
Terms specific for Guests
8.1 Terms applicable to all bookings
8.1.1 Subject to meeting any requirements (such as completing any verification processes) set by Airbnb and/or the Host, you can book a Listing available on the Airbnb Platform by following the respective booking process.
All applicable fees, including the Listing Fee, Security Deposit (if applicable), Guest Fee and any applicable Taxes (collectively, “Total Fees”) will be presented to you prior to booking a Listing.
You agree to pay the Total Fees for any booking requested in connection with your Airbnb Account.
8.1.2 Upon receipt of a booking confirmation from Airbnb, a legally binding agreement is formed between you and your Host, subject to any additional terms and conditions of the Host that apply, including in particular the applicable cancellation policy and any rules and restrictions specified in the Listing.
Airbnb Payments will collect the Total Fees at the time of the booking request or upon the Host’s confirmation pursuant to the Payments Terms.
For certain bookings, Guests may be required to pay or have the option to pay in multiple installments.
8.1.3 If you book a Host Service on behalf of additional guests, you are required to ensure that every additional guest meets any requirements set by the Host, and is made aware of and agrees to these Terms and any terms and conditions, rules and restrictions set by the Host.
If you are booking for an additional guest who is a minor, you represent and warrant that you are legally authorized to act on behalf of the minor.
Minors may only participate in an Experience, Event or other Host Service if accompanied by an adult who is responsible for them.
8.1.4 Airbnb may enable a Guest who is booking a Listing on behalf of one or more additional guests (the “Organizer”) to split the payment of the Total Fees for an eligible booking on a pro-rata basis between the Organizer and at least one other additional guest (each a “Co-Payer”) (the “Group Payment Service”).
In order to participate in the Group Payment Service, each Co-Payer must have or register an Airbnb Account prior to making a payment.
All payments via the Group Payment Service are handled by Airbnb Payments and are subject to the Group Payment Terms of Service.

8.2 Booking Accommodations
8.2.1 You understand that a confirmed booking of an Accommodation (“Accommodation Booking”) is a limited license granted to you by the Host to enter, occupy and use the Accommodation for the duration of your stay, during which time the Host (only where and to the extent permitted by applicable law) retains the right to re-enter the Accommodation, in accordance with your agreement with the Host.
8.2.2 You agree to leave the Accommodation no later than the checkout time that the Host specifies in the Listing or such other time as mutually agreed upon between you and the Host.
If you stay past the agreed upon checkout time without the Host's consent (“Overstay”), you no longer have a license to stay in the Accommodation and the Host is entitled to make you leave in a manner consistent with applicable law.
In addition, you agree to pay, if requested by the Host, for each twenty-four (24) hour period (or any portion thereof) that you Overstay, an additional nightly fee of up to two (2) times the average nightly Listing Fee originally paid by you to cover the inconvenience suffered by the Host, plus all applicable Guest Fees, Taxes, and any legal expenses incurred by the Host to make you leave (collectively, "Overstay Fees").
Overstay Fees for late checkouts on the checkout date that do not impact upcoming bookings may be limited to the additional costs incurred by the Host as a result of such Overstay.
If you Overstay at an Accommodation, you authorize Airbnb (via Airbnb Payments) to charge you to collect Overstay Fees.
A Security Deposit, if required by a Host, may be applied to any Overstay Fees due for a Guest’s Overstay.
8.3 Booking Experiences, Events and other Host Services
8.3.1 You should carefully review the description of any Experience, Event or other Host Service you intend to book to ensure you (and any additional guests you are booking for) meet any minimum age, proficiency, fitness or other requirements which the Host has specified in their Listing.
At your sole discretion you may want to inform the Host of any medical or physical conditions, or other circumstances that may impact your and any additional guest’s ability to participate in any Experience, Event or other Host Service.
In addition, certain laws, like the minimum legal drinking age in the location of the Experience, Event or other Host Service, may also apply.

8.3.2 Before and during an Experience, Event or other Host Service you must at all times adhere to the Hosts’ instructions.
8.3.3 You may not bring any additional individuals to an Experience, Event or other Host Service unless such an individual was added by you as an additional guest during the booking process on the Airbnb Platform.

8.4 Airbnb Travel Credits

Airbnb Travel Credits may be redeemed for eligible bookings via the Airbnb Platform as specified in the terms and conditions provided with the Travel Credit.
You may only redeem Airbnb Travel Credits after the Airbnb Travel Credits are reflected in your Airbnb Account.
9.
Booking Modifications, Cancellations and Refunds, Resolution Center
9.1 Hosts and Guests are responsible for any modifications to a booking that they make via the Airbnb Platform or direct Airbnb customer service to make ("Booking Modifications"), and agree to pay any additional Listing Fees, Host Fees or Guest Fees and/or Taxes associated with such Booking Modifications.
9.2 Guests can cancel a confirmed booking at any time pursuant to the Listing’s cancellation policy set by the Host, and Airbnb Payments will refund the amount of the Total Fees due to the Guest in accordance with such cancellation policy.
Unless extenuating circumstances exist, any portion of the Total Fees due to the Host under the applicable cancellation policy will be remitted to the Host by Airbnb Payments pursuant to the Payments Terms.
9.3 If a Host cancels a confirmed booking, the Guest will receive a full refund of the Total Fees for such booking.
In some instances, Airbnb may allow the Guest to apply the refund to a new booking, in which case Airbnb Payments will credit the amount against the Guest’s subsequent booking at the Guest’s direction.
Further, Airbnb may publish an automated review on the Listing cancelled by the Host indicating that a booking was cancelled.
In addition, Airbnb may (i) keep the calendar for the Listing unavailable or blocked for the dates of the cancelled booking, and/or (ii) impose a cancellation fee, unless the Host has a valid reason for cancelling the booking pursuant to Airbnb’s Extenuating Circumstances Policy or has legitimate concerns about the Guest’s behavior.
9.4 For Experiences, Events and other Host Services, if weather poses a safety risk to Guests, or if it prevents a Host from carrying out a Host Service that takes place primarily outdoors, Hosts may cancel the Host Service.
Hosts may also cancel the Host Service if other conditions exist that would prevent the Host from offering the Host Service safely.

9.5 In certain circumstances, Airbnb may cancel a pending or confirmed booking on behalf of a Host or Guest and initiate corresponding refunds and payouts.
This may be for reasons set forth in Airbnb's Extenuating Circumstances Policy or for the reasons set out in Section 15 of these Terms.
Where Airbnb cancels a booking, Airbnb will, notify Members and provide the reasons for such a measure, unless such notification would (i) prevent or impede the detection or prevention of fraud or other illegal activities, (ii) harm the legitimate interests of other Members or third parties, or (iii) contravene applicable laws.
You may appeal a cancellation by contacting customer service.

9.6 If a Guest who books an Accommodation suffers a Travel Issue as defined in the Guest Refund Policy, Airbnb may determine to refund the Guest part or all of the Total Fees in accordance with the Guest Refund Policy.
If a Guest who books an Experience, Event or other Host Service suffers a Travel Issue as defined in the Experiences Guest Refund Policy, Airbnb may determine, in its sole discretion, to refund the Guest part or all of the Total Fees in accordance with the Experiences Guest Refund Policy.
9.7 If a Guest or Airbnb cancels a confirmed booking, and the Guest receives a refund in accordance with the Guest Refund Policy, Experiences Guest Refund Policy, Extenuating Circumstances Policy, or the applicable cancellation policy set by the Host and mentioned in the Listing, after the Host has already been paid, Airbnb Payments will be entitled to recover the amount of any such refund from the Host, including by subtracting such refund amount out from any future Payouts due to the Host.
9.8 Except as otherwise set out in these Terms, Members may use the Resolution Center to send or request money for refunds, additional Host Services, Co-Host Services or Damage Claims related to bookings.
You agree to pay all amounts sent through the Resolution Center in connection with your Airbnb Account, and Airbnb Payments will handle all such payments.
10.
Ratings and Reviews
10.1 Within a certain timeframe after completing a booking, Guests and Hosts can leave a public review (“Review”) and submit a star rating (“Rating”) about each other.
Ratings or Reviews reflect the opinions of individual Members and do not reflect the opinion of Airbnb.
Ratings and Reviews are not verified by Airbnb for accuracy and may be incorrect or misleading.
10.2 Ratings and Reviews by Guests and Hosts must be accurate and may not contain any offensive or defamatory language.
Ratings and Reviews are subject to Section 5 and must comply with Airbnb’s Content Policy and Extortion Policy.
10.3 Members are prohibited from manipulating the Ratings and Reviews system in any manner, such as instructing a third party to write a positive or negative Review about another Member.
10.4 Ratings and Reviews are part of a Member’s public profile and may also be surfaced elsewhere on the Airbnb Platform (such as the Listing page) together with other relevant information such as number of bookings, number of cancellations, average response time and other information.
11.
Damage to Accommodations, Disputes between Members
11.1 As a Guest, you are responsible for leaving the Accommodation (including any personal or other property located at the Accommodation) in the condition it was in when you arrived.
You are responsible for your own acts and omissions and are also responsible for the acts and omissions of any individuals whom you invite to, or otherwise provide access to, the Accommodation, excluding the Host (and the individuals the Host invites to the Accommodation, if applicable).
11.2 If a Host claims and provides evidence that you as a Guest have culpably damaged an Accommodation or any personal or other property at an Accommodation ("Damage Claim"), the Host can seek payment from you through the Resolution Center.
If a Host escalates a Damage Claim to Airbnb, you will be given an opportunity to respond.
If you agree to pay the Host, or Airbnb determines under consideration of any applicable statutory rules on the burden of proof that you are responsible for the Damage Claim, Airbnb via Airbnb Payments will, after the end of your stay, collect any such sums from you and/or against the Security Deposit (if applicable) required to cover the Damage Claim pursuant to the Payments Terms.
Airbnb also reserves the right to otherwise collect payment from you and pursue any remedies available to Airbnb in this regard in situations in which you are responsible for a Damage Claim, including, but not limited to, in relation to any payment requests made by Hosts under the Airbnb Host Guarantee.
You may appeal a decision taken by Airbnb on the basis of this Section 11.2 by contacting customer support.
Any decisions made by Airbnb in relation to a Damage Claim do not affect your contractual or statutory rights.
Your right to take legal action before a court of law remains unaffected.
11.3 Members agree to cooperate with and assist Airbnb in good faith, and to provide Airbnb with such information and take such actions as may be reasonably requested by Airbnb, in connection with any Damage Claims or other complaints or claims made by Members relating to (i) Accommodations or any personal or other property located at an Accommodation (including, without limitation, payment requests made under the Airbnb Host Guarantee), (ii) Experiences, (iii) Co-Host agreements, or (iv) a Group Payment Booking.
A Member shall, upon Airbnb's reasonable request and at no cost to the Member, participate in mediation or a similar resolution process with another Member, which process will be conducted by Airbnb or a third party selected by Airbnb or its insurer, with respect to losses for which a Member is requesting payment from Airbnb (including but not limited to payments under the Airbnb Host Guarantee).
Members are entitled to terminate their participation in the mediation or similar resolution process at any time.
A Member’s right to take legal action before a court of law remains unaffected.
12.
Rounding off
Airbnb generally supports payment amounts that are payable from or to Guests or Hosts to the smallest unit supported by a given currency (i.e., U.S.
cents, Euro cents or other supported currencies).
Where Airbnb’s third-party payment services provider does not support payments in the smaller unit supported by a given currency, Airbnb may, in its sole discretion, round up or round down the displayed amounts that are payable from or to Guests or Hosts to the nearest whole functional base unit in which the currency is denominated (i.e.
to the nearest dollar, Euro or other supported currency).
for example, Airbnb may round up an amount of $101.50 to $102.00, and round down an amount of $101.49 to $101.00.

13.
Taxes
13.1 As a Host you are solely responsible for determining your obligations to report, collect, remit or include in your Listing Fees any applicable VAT or other indirect sales taxes, occupancy tax, tourist or other visitor taxes or income taxes ("Taxes").
13.2 Tax regulations may require us to collect appropriate Tax information from Hosts, or to withhold Taxes from payouts to Hosts, or both.
If a Host fails to provide us with the required documentation under applicable law (e.g.
a tax number) to alleviate our obligation (if any) to withhold Taxes from payouts to you, we reserve the right to withhold payouts up to the tax-relevant amount as required by law until resolution.
13.3 You understand that any appropriate governmental agency, department and/or authority ("Tax Authority") where your Accommodation is located may require Taxes to be collected from Guests or Hosts on Listing Fees, and to be remitted to the respective Tax Authority.
The laws in jurisdictions may vary, but these Taxes may be required to be collected and remitted as a percentage of the Listing Fees set by Hosts, a set amount per day, or other variations, and are sometimes called "transient occupancy taxes," "hotel taxes," "lodging taxes," "city taxes," "room taxes" or "tourist taxes" ("Occupancy Taxes").
13.4 In certain jurisdictions, Airbnb may decide in its sole discretion to facilitate collection and remittance of Occupancy Taxes from or on behalf of Guests or Hosts, in accordance with these Terms ("Collection and Remittance") if such jurisdiction asserts Airbnb or Hosts have an Occupancy Tax collection and remittance obligation.
In any jurisdiction in which we decide to facilitate direct Collection and Remittance, you hereby instruct and authorize Airbnb (via Airbnb Payments) to collect Occupancy Taxes from Guests on the Host's behalf at the time Listing Fees are collected, and to remit such Occupancy Taxes to the Tax Authority.
In other jurisdictions Airbnb may decide in its sole discretion to collect Occupancy Taxes and remit such Taxes to eligible and qualifying Hosts, based on tax information supplied by the Host, for ultimate reporting and remittance by such Host to the Tax Authority (“Pass-Through Tax Feature”).
Such Hosts using the Pass-Through Tax Feature will be solely responsible for informing Airbnb about the correct Occupancy Tax amount to be collected from the Guest in accordance with applicable law and directly remitting the Occupancy Taxes to the relevant Tax Authority.
Airbnb does not assume any liability for the failure of a participating Host to comply with any applicable tax reporting or remittance obligations.The amount of Occupancy Taxes, if any, collected and remitted by Airbnb will be visible to and separately stated to both Guests and Hosts on their respective transaction documents.
Where Airbnb is facilitating Collection and Remittance, Hosts are not permitted to collect any Occupancy Taxes being collected by Airbnb relating to their Accommodations in that jurisdiction.
13.5 Guests and Hosts agree that we may seek additional amounts from you in the event that the Taxes collected and/or remitted are insufficient to fully discharge your obligations to the Tax Authority, and agree that your sole remedy for Occupancy Taxes collected is a refund of Occupancy Taxes collected by Airbnb from the applicable Tax Authority in accordance with applicable procedures set by that Tax Authority.
13.6 Airbnb reserves the right, with prior notice to Hosts, to cease the Collection and Remittance in any jurisdiction for any reason at which point Hosts and Guests are once again solely responsible and liable for the collection and/or remittance of any and all Occupancy Taxes that may apply to Accommodations in that jurisdiction.
14.
Prohibited Activities
14.1 You are solely responsible for compliance with any and all laws, rules, regulations, and Tax obligations that may apply to your use of the Airbnb Platform.
In connection with your use of the Airbnb Platform, you will not and will not assist or enable others to:

breach or circumvent any applicable laws or regulations, agreements with third-parties, third-party rights, or our Terms, Policies or Standards;
use the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content for any commercial or other purposes that are not expressly permitted by these Terms or in a manner that falsely implies Airbnb endorsement, partnership or otherwise misleads others as to your affiliation with Airbnb;
copy, store or otherwise access or use any information, including personally identifiable information about any other Member, contained on the Airbnb Platform in any way that is inconsistent with Airbnb’s Privacy Policy or these Terms or that otherwise violates the privacy rights of Members or third parties;
use the Airbnb Platform in connection with the distribution of unsolicited commercial messages ("spam");
offer, as a Host, any Accommodation that you do not yourself own or have permission to make available as a residential or other property through the Airbnb Platform;
unless Airbnb explicitly permits otherwise, book any Listing if you will not actually be using the Host Services yourself;
contact another Member for any purpose other than asking a question related to your own booking, Listing, or the Member's use of the Airbnb Platform, including, but not limited to, recruiting or otherwise soliciting any Member to join third-party services, applications or websites, without our prior written approval;
use the Airbnb Platform to request, make or accept a booking independent of the Airbnb Platform, to circumvent any Service Fees or for any other reason;
request, accept or make any payment for Listing Fees outside of the Airbnb Platform or Airbnb Payments.
If you do so, you: (i) accept all risks and responsibility for such payment, and (ii) hold Airbnb harmless from any liability for such payment;
discriminate against or harass anyone on the basis of race, national origin, religion, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, age or sexual orientation, or otherwise engage in any violent, harmful, abusive or disruptive behavior;
misuse or abuse any Listings or services associated with the Airbnb Open Homes program;
use, display, mirror or frame the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content, or any individual element within the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb's name, any Airbnb trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page in the Airbnb Platform, without Airbnb's express written consent;
dilute, tarnish or otherwise harm the Airbnb brand in any way, including through unauthorized use of Collective Content, registering and/or using Airbnb or derivative terms in domain names, trade names, trademarks or other source identifiers, or registering and/or using domains names, trade names, trademarks or other source identifiers that closely imitate or are confusingly similar to Airbnb domains, trademarks, taglines, promotional campaigns or Collective Content;
use any robots, spider, crawler, scraper or other automated means or processes to access, collect data or other content from or otherwise interact with the Airbnb Platform for any purpose;
avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble, or otherwise attempt to circumvent any technological measure implemented by Airbnb or any of Airbnb's providers or any other third party to protect the Airbnb Platform;
attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the Airbnb Platform;
take any action that damages or adversely affects, or could damage or adversely affect the performance or proper functioning of the Airbnb Platform;
export, re-export, import, or transfer the Application except as authorized by United States law, the export control laws of your jurisdiction, and any other applicable laws.
or
violate or infringe anyone else’s rights or otherwise cause harm to anyone.

14.2 You acknowledge that Airbnb has no general obligation to monitor Member Content nor to actively seek facts or circumstances indicating illegal activity, but has the right to review, disable access to, or edit any Member Content, in order to (i) operate, secure and improve the security of the Airbnb Platform (including without limitation for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation and customer support purposes).
(ii) ensure Members’ compliance with these Terms.
(iii) comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, law enforcement or other administrative agency or governmental body.
(iv) respond to Member Content that it determines is harmful or objectionable.
or (v) as otherwise set forth in these Terms.
Members agree to cooperate with and assist Airbnb in good faith, and to provide Airbnb with such information and take such actions as may be reasonably requested by Airbnb with respect to any investigation undertaken by Airbnb or a representative of Airbnb regarding the use or abuse of the Airbnb Platform.
14.3 If you feel that any Member you interact with, whether online or in person, is acting or has acted inappropriately, including but not limited to anyone who (i) engages in offensive, violent or sexually inappropriate behavior, (ii) you suspect of stealing from you, or (iii) engages in any other disturbing conduct, you should immediately report such person to the appropriate authorities and then to Airbnb by contacting us with your police station and report number (if available).
You agree that any report you make will not obligate us to take any action (beyond that required by law, if any).
15.
Term and Termination, Suspension and other Measures
15.1 This Agreement shall be effective until such time when you or Airbnb terminate the Agreement in accordance with this provision.
15.2 You may terminate this Agreement at any time by sending us an email.
If you cancel your Airbnb Account as a Host, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and your Guests will receive a full refund.
If you cancel your Airbnb Account as a Guest, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and any refund will depend upon the terms of the Listing’s cancellation policy.
15.3 Without limiting our rights specified below, Airbnb may terminate this Agreement for convenience at any time by giving you thirty (30) days' notice via email to your registered email address.
15.4 Airbnb may immediately, without notice, terminate this Agreement and/or stop providing access to the Airbnb Platform if (i) you have materially breached your obligations under these Terms, the Payments Terms, our Policies or Standards, (ii) you have violated applicable laws, regulations or third party rights, or (iii) such action is necessary to protect the personal safety or property of Airbnb, its Members, or third parties (for example in the case of fraudulent behavior of a Member).
15.5 In addition, Airbnb may take any of the following measures (i) to comply with applicable law, or the order or request of a court, law enforcement or other administrative agency or governmental body, or if (ii) you have breached these Terms, the Payments Terms, our Policies or Standards, applicable laws, regulations, or third party rights, (iii) you have provided inaccurate, fraudulent, outdated or incomplete information during the Airbnb Account registration, Listing process or thereafter, (iv) you and/or your Listings or Host Services at any time fail to meet any applicable quality or eligibility criteria, (v) you have repeatedly received poor Ratings or Reviews or Airbnb otherwise becomes aware of or has received complaints about your performance or conduct, (vi) you have repeatedly cancelled confirmed bookings or failed to respond to booking requests without a valid reason, or (vii) such action is necessary to protect the personal safety or property of Airbnb, its Members, or third parties, or to prevent fraud or other illegal activity:

refuse to surface, delete or delay any Listings, Ratings, Reviews, or other Member Content;
cancel any pending or confirmed bookings;
limit your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform;
temporarily or permanently revoke any special status associated with your Airbnb Account.

temporarily or in case of severe or repeated offenses permanently suspend your Airbnb Account and stop providing access to the Airbnb Platform.

In case of non-material breaches and where appropriate, you will be given notice of any intended measure by Airbnb and an opportunity to resolve the issue to Airbnb's reasonable satisfaction.
15.6 If we take any of the measures described above (i) we may refund your Guests in full for any and all confirmed bookings that have been cancelled, irrespective of preexisting cancellation policies, and (ii) you will not be entitled to any compensation for pending or confirmed bookings that were cancelled.
15.7 When this Agreement has been terminated, you are not entitled to a restoration of your Airbnb Account or any of your Member Content.
If your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform has been limited or your Airbnb Account has been suspended or this Agreement has been terminated by us, you may not register a new Airbnb Account or access and use the Airbnb Platform through an Airbnb Account of another Member.
15.8 If Airbnb takes any of the measures described in this Section 15 you may appeal such a decision by contacting our customer service.
16.
Disclaimers

Intentionally left blank

17.
Liability

Airbnb is liable under statutory provisions for intent and gross negligence by us, our legal representatives, directors, or other vicarious agents.
The same applies to the assumption of guarantees or any other strict liability, or in case of a culpable injury to life, limb, or health.
Airbnb is liable for any negligent breaches of essential contractual obligations by us, our legal representatives, directors, or other vicarious agents.
such liability is limited to the typically occurring foreseeable damages.
Essential contractual obligations are such duties of Airbnb in whose proper fulfilment you regularly trust and must trust for the proper execution of the contract.
Any additional liability of Airbnb is excluded.

18.
Indemnification
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to release, defend (at Airbnb’s option), indemnify, and hold Airbnb and its affiliates and subsidiaries, including but not limited to, Airbnb Payments, and their officers, directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your breach of these Terms or our Policies or Standards, (ii) your improper use of the Airbnb Platform or any Airbnb Services, (iii) your interaction with any Member, stay at an Accommodation, participation in an Experience, Event or other Host Service, participation in the Group Payment Service, including without limitation any injuries, losses or damages (whether compensatory, direct, incidental, consequential or otherwise) of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of such interaction, stay, participation or use, or (iv) your breach of any laws, regulations or third party rights.
The indemnification obligation according to this Section 18 only applies if and to the extent that the claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses have been adequately caused by your culpable breach of a contractual obligation.
19.
Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement
19.1 This Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement shall apply if you bring any claim against Airbnb in the United States (to the extent not in conflict with Section 21).
19.2 Overview of Dispute Resolution Process.
Airbnb is committed to participating in a consumer-friendly dispute resolution process.
To that end, these Terms provide for a two-part process for individuals to whom Section 19.1 applies: (1) an informal negotiation directly with Airbnb’s customer service team, and (2) a binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) using its specially designed Consumer Arbitration Rules (as modified by this Section 19 and except as provided in Section 19.6).
Specifically, the Consumer Arbitration Rules provide:

Claims can be filed with AAA online (www.adr.org);
Arbitrators must be neutral and no party may unilaterally select an arbitrator;
Arbitrators must disclose any bias, interest in the result of the arbitration, or relationship with any party;
Parties retain the right to seek relief in small claims court for certain claims, at their option;
The initial filing fee for the consumer is capped at $200;
The consumer gets to elect the hearing location and can elect to participate live, by phone, video conference, or, for claims under $25,000, by the submission of documents;
The arbitrator can grant any remedy that the parties could have received in court to resolve the party’s individual claim.

19.3 Pre-Arbitration Dispute Resolution and Notification.
Prior to initiating an arbitration, you and Airbnb each agree to notify the other party of the dispute and attempt to negotiate an informal resolution to it first.
We will contact you at the email address you have provided to us.
you can contact Airbnb’s customer service team by emailing us.
If after a good faith effort to negotiate one of us feels the dispute has not and cannot be resolved informally, the party intending to pursue arbitration agrees to notify the other party via email prior to initiating the arbitration.
In order to initiate arbitration, a claim must be filed with the AAA and the written Demand for Arbitration (available at www.adr.org) provided to the other party, as specified in the AAA Rules.

19.4 Agreement to Arbitrate.
You and Airbnb mutually agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the applicability, breach, termination, validity, enforcement or interpretation thereof, or to the use of the Airbnb Platform, the Host Services, the Group Payment Service, or the Collective Content (collectively, “Disputes”) will be settled by binding individual arbitration (the “Arbitration Agreement”).
If there is a dispute about whether this Arbitration Agreement can be enforced or applies to our Dispute, you and Airbnb agree that the arbitrator will decide that issue.

19.5 Exceptions to Arbitration Agreement.
You and Airbnb each agree that the following claims are exceptions to the Arbitration Agreement and will be brought in a judicial proceeding in a court of competent jurisdiction: (i) Any claim related to actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights.
(ii) Any claim seeking emergency injunctive relief based on exigent circumstances (e.g., imminent danger or commission of a crime, hacking, cyber-attack).
19.6 Arbitration Rules and Governing Law.
This Arbitration Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision.
The arbitration will be administered by AAA in accordance with the Consumer Arbitration Rules and/or other AAA arbitration rules determined to be applicable by the AAA (the “AAA Rules“) then in effect, except as modified here.
The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1–800–778–7879.

19.7 Modification to AAA Rules - Arbitration Hearing/Location.
In order to make the arbitration most convenient to you, Airbnb agrees that any required arbitration hearing may be conducted, at your option, (a) in the county where you reside.
(b) in San Francisco County.
(c) in any other location to which you and Airbnb both agree.
(d) via phone or video conference.
or (e) for any claim or counterclaim under $25,000, by solely the submission of documents to the arbitrator.
19.8 Modification of AAA Rules - Attorney’s Fees and Costs.
You and Airbnb agree that Airbnb will be responsible for payment of the balance of any initial filing fee under the AAA Rules in excess of $200 for claims of $75,000 or less.
You may be entitled to seek an award of attorney fees and expenses if you prevail in arbitration, to the extent provided under applicable law and the AAA rules.
Unless the arbitrator determines that your claim was frivolous or filed for the purpose of harassment, Airbnb agrees it will not seek, and hereby waives all rights it may have under applicable law or the AAA Rules, to recover attorneys’ fees and expenses if it prevails in arbitration.
19.9 Arbitrator’s Decision.
The arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award.
Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court with proper jurisdiction.
The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only on an individual basis and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim.

19.10 Jury Trial Waiver.
You and Airbnb acknowledge and agree that we are each waiving the right to a trial by jury as to all arbitrable Disputes.


19.11 No Class Actions or Representative Proceedings.
You and Airbnb acknowledge and agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we are each waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action lawsuit, class-wide arbitration, private attorney-general action, or any other representative proceeding as to all Disputes.
Further, unless you and Airbnb both otherwise agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one party’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding.
If the “class action lawsuit” waiver or the “class-wide arbitration” waiver in this Section 19.11 is held unenforceable with respect to any Dispute, then the entirety of the Arbitration Agreement will be deemed void with respect to such Dispute and the Dispute must proceed in court.
If the “private attorney general action” waiver or the “representative proceeding” waiver in this Section 19.11 is held unenforceable with respect to any Dispute, those waivers may be severed from this Arbitration Agreement and you and Airbnb agree that any private attorney general claims and representative claims in the Dispute will be severed and stayed, pending the resolution of any arbitrable claims in the Dispute in individual arbitration.

19.12 Severability.
Except as provided in Section 19.11, in the event that any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is deemed illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall be given full force and effect.
19.13 Changes.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3 (“Modification of these Terms”), if Airbnb changes this Section 19 (“Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement”) after the date you last accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email) within thirty (30) days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last Updated” date above or in the date of Airbnb’s email to you notifying you of such change.
Rejecting a new change, however, does not revoke or alter your prior consent to any earlier agreements to arbitrate any Dispute between you and Airbnb (or your prior consent to any subsequent changes thereto), which will remain in effect and enforceable as to any Dispute between you and Airbnb.
19.14 Survival.
Except as provided in Section 19.12, this Section 19 will survive any termination of these Terms and will continue to apply even if you stop using the Airbnb Platform or terminate your Airbnb Account.
20.
Feedback
We welcome and encourage you to provide feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Airbnb Platform (“Feedback“).
You may submit Feedback by emailing us, through the “Contact” section of the Airbnb Platform, or by other means of communication.
Any Feedback you submit to us will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary to you.
By submitting Feedback to us, you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, sub-licensable, perpetual license to use and publish those ideas and materials for any purpose, without compensation to you.
21.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with Irish law.
If you are acting as a consumer and if mandatory statutory consumer protection regulations in your country of residence contain provisions that are more beneficial for you, such provisions shall apply irrespective of the choice of Irish law.
As a consumer, you may bring any judicial proceedings relating to these Terms before the competent court of your place of residence or the competent court of Airbnb's place of business in Ireland.
If Airbnb wishes to enforce any of its rights against you as a consumer, we may do so only in the courts of the jurisdiction in which you are a resident.
If you are acting as a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.
22.
General Provisions
22.1 Except as they may be supplemented by additional terms and conditions, policies, guidelines or standards, these Terms constitute the entire Agreement between Airbnb and you pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Airbnb and you in relation to the access to and use of the Airbnb Platform.
22.2 No joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Airbnb as a result of this Agreement or your use of the Airbnb Platform.
22.3 These Terms do not and are not intended to confer any rights or remedies upon any person other than the parties.
22.4 If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be struck and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
22.5 Airbnb’s failure to enforce any right or provision in these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing.
Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise permitted under law.
22.6 You may not assign, transfer or delegate this Agreement and your rights and obligations hereunder without Airbnb's prior written consent.
Airbnb may without restriction assign, transfer or delegate this Agreement and any rights and obligations hereunder, at its sole discretion, with 30 days prior notice.
Your right to terminate this Agreement at any time remains unaffected.
22.7 Unless specified otherwise, any notices or other communications to Members permitted or required under this Agreement, will be provided electronically and given by Airbnb via email, Airbnb Platform notification, or messaging service (including SMS and WeChat).
If your booking is in respect of a Listing in Japan, you agree and acknowledge that such notifications via electronic means in lieu of a written statement, satisfies Airbnb’s obligations under Article 59 Paragraph 1 of the Japanese Housing Accommodation Business Act.
22.8 If you have any questions about these Terms please email us.


   Copyright Policy Notification of Copyright Infringement:
Airbnb, Inc.
("Airbnb") respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its users to do the same.
It is Airbnb’s policy, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, to disable and/or terminate the account or access of users who repeatedly infringe or are repeatedly charged with infringing the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of others.
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, the text of which may be found on the U.S.
Copyright Office website at http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf, Airbnb will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using the Airbnb website and mobile application (the "Site and Application") that are reported to Airbnb’s Designated Copyright Agent, identified in the sample notice below.
If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the Site and Application by completing the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement and delivering it to Airbnb’s Designated Copyright Agent.
Upon receipt of the Notice as described below, Airbnb will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including removal of the challenged material from the Site and Application.

DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement ("Notice")
1.
Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or - if multiple copyrighted works are covered by this Notice - you may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.
2.
Identify the material that you claim is infringing (or to be the subject of infringing activity) and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link shown on the Site and Application where such material may be found.
3.
Provide your mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.
4.
Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice:
 o "I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use)."
 o "I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed."
5.
Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.
Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to Airbnb’s Designated Copyright Agent:
Copyright Agent
c/o Airbnb, Inc.
888 Brannan Street
San Francisco, CA 94103
terms@airbnb.com

 
