 

Careers


Testimonials


About

 Sign In 
 Sign Up 
 Alignable 

Careers


Testimonials


About

 Sign In 
 Sign Up 


 Code of Conduct
As a condition to accessing the Services, you agree to strictly adhere to the following Code of Conduct:
1.&nbsp.
Comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, privacy laws, intellectual property laws, export control laws, tax laws, and regulatory requirements;
2.&nbsp.
Provide complete and accurate information to Alignable and update it as necessary to maintain its accuracy and completeness;
3.&nbsp.
Read and comply with our Privacy Policy;
4.&nbsp.
Read and comply with notices sent by Alignable concerning the Services;
5.&nbsp.
Use the Services in a professional manner;
6.&nbsp.
Protect sensitive personal information by considering carefully what information about yourself and your business you wish to share with other Users and the general public through your private and public profiles.
7.&nbsp.
Do not act dishonestly or engage in unprofessional behavior by posting inappropriate, inaccurate, or objectionable content to the Service or by using the Service to transmit or make available in any way material which:
1.&nbsp.
Falsely states, impersonates or otherwise misrepresents your identity, including but not limited to the use of a pseudonym, or misrepresenting your current or previous positions and qualifications, or your affiliations with a person or entity, past or present;
2.&nbsp.
Is unlawful, libelous, abusive, obscene, discriminatory or otherwise objectionable;
3.&nbsp.
Adds to a content field content that is not intended for such field (i.e.
submitting a telephone number in the “title” or any other field, or including telephone numbers, email addresses, street addresses or any personally identifiable information for which there is not a field provided by Alignable);
4.&nbsp.
Includes information that you do not have the right to disclose or make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as insider information, or proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
5.&nbsp.
Infringes upon patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights or other proprietary rights;
6.&nbsp.
Includes any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation.
This prohibition includes but is not limited to (a) using Alignable invitations to send messages to people who don’t know you or who are unlikely to recognize you as a known contact.
(b) using Alignable to connect to people who don’t know you and then sending unsolicited promotional messages to those direct connections without their permission.
and (c) sending messages to distribution lists, newsgroup aliases, or group aliases;
7.&nbsp.
Contains software viruses, worms, or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment of Alignable or any User of Alignable.
or
8.&nbsp.
Forges headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any communication transmitted through the Services;
8.&nbsp.
Do not create a false identity or business profile;
9.&nbsp.
Do not use the Services to harass, abuse or harm another person;
10.&nbsp.
Invite other businesses and organizations located nearby that you would like to have in the network;
11.&nbsp.
Do not upload a profile image that is not your likeness or a head-shot photo;
12.&nbsp.
Do not use or attempt to use another User's account without authorization from such User;
13.&nbsp.
Do not use the Services, directly or indirectly, to set up or develop of a network that seeks to implement practices that are similar to sales by network or the recruitment of independent home salespeople to the purposes of creating a pyramid scheme or other similar practices.
14.&nbsp.
Do not duplicate, license, sublicense, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, display, sell, rebrand, or otherwise transfer information available to you through the Services (excluding content posted by you) except as permitted in this Agreement or as expressly authorized by Alignable.
Use of information, content or any data that you view and/or obtain from the Services to provide any service that Alignable deems to be competitive with the Services is strictly forbidden;
15.&nbsp.
Do not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decipher or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for any underlying intellectual property used to provide the Services, or any part thereof
16.&nbsp.
Do not imply or state, directly or indirectly, that you are affiliated with or endorsed by Alignable unless you have entered into a written agreement with Alignable (this includes, but is not limited to, representing yourself as an accredited Alignable trainer if you have not been certified by Alignable as such);
17.&nbsp.
Do not adapt, modify or create derivative works based on Alignable or technology underlying the Services, or other Users’ content, in whole or part, except as permitted under Alignable’s developer program;
18.&nbsp.
Do not rent, lease, loan, trade, sell/re-sell access to Alignable or any information therein, or the equivalent, in whole or part;
19.&nbsp.
Do not sell, sponsor, or otherwise monetize an Alignable Group or any other service or functionality of the Services, without the express written permission of Alignable.
20.&nbsp.
Do not deep-link to the Site for any purpose, (i.e.
including a link to an Alignable web page other than Alignable’s home page) unless expressly authorized in writing by Alignable
21.&nbsp.
Do not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained in or on the Services, including those of both Alignable and any of its licensors;
22.&nbsp.
Do not remove, cover or otherwise obscure any form of advertisement included in or on the Services;
23.&nbsp.
Do not collect, use, copy, or transfer any information, including, but not limited to, personally identifiable information obtained from Alignable except as expressly permitted in this Agreement or as the owner of such information may expressly permit;
24.&nbsp.
Do not share information of Users or non-Users without their express consent;
25.&nbsp.
Do not infringe or use Alignable’s brand, logos and/or trademarks, including, without limitation, using the word “Alignable” in any business name, email, or URL or including Alignable’s trademarks and logos except as expressly permitted by Alignable;
26.&nbsp.
Do not use manual or automated software, devices, scripts robots, other means or processes to access, “scrape,” “crawl” or “spider” any web pages or other services contained in the site;
27.&nbsp.
Do not use bots or other automated methods to access Alignable, add or download contacts, send or redirect messages, or perform other activities through Alignable, unless explicitly permitted by Alignable;
28.&nbsp.
Do not access, via automated or manual means or processes, the Services for purposes of monitoring the Services’s availability, performance or functionality for any competitive purpose;
29.&nbsp.
Do not engage in “framing,” “mirroring,” or otherwise simulating the appearance or function of Alignable’s website;

30.&nbsp.
Do not attempt to or actually access the Services by any means other than through the interfaces provided by Alignable such as its mobile application or by navigating to
http://www.Alignable.com
using a web browser.
This prohibition includes accessing or attempting to access the Services using any third-party service, including software-as-a-service platforms that aggregate access to multiple services, including the Services.

31.&nbsp.
Do not attempt to or actually override any security component included in or underlying the Services;
32.&nbsp.
Do not Engage in any action that directly or indirectly interferes with the proper working of or places an unreasonable load on Alignable’s infrastructure, including, but not limited to, sending unsolicited communications to other Users or Alignable personnel, attempting to gain unauthorized access to the Services, or transmitting or activating computer viruses through or on the Services.
Interfere with or disrupt or game Alignable or the Services, including, but not limited to, any servers or networks connected to Alignable, in particular Alignable's search algorithms. About Testimonials
About Us
Press
Careers
Blog Support Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Code of Conduct
Help Center 






 2019 Alignable, Inc.
All rights reserved.
  

Careers


Testimonials


About

 Sign In 
 Sign Up 
 Alignable 

Careers


Testimonials


About

 Sign In 
 Sign Up 


 Privacy Policy
Introduction:
The mission of Alignable is to connect the world’s local businesses and organizations to enable them to be more productive and successful.
To achieve our Mission, we make services available through our website, mobile applications, and developer platform, to help you, your connections, and your community meet, exchange ideas, learn, make deals, or find opportunities and make decisions in a network of trusted relationships and groups.
Being part of Alignable means sharing information about yourself with other individuals and businesses, communicating with them, as well as working privately on your own.
By default, your account is set up to share the information that we have found the vast majority of our Users are interested in sharing.
But the amount and type of information you decide to share, and with whom you share it, is up to you.
Here are the three main types of information on Alignable:

Information about yourself that you share.
This is the information that your connections, other businesses, and organizations see about you.
This includes your profile and your contributions to discussions on Alignable Groups, Answers, or other community features Alignable may offer such as “Profile Stats” which, if you choose to opt-in, can show you who viewed your profile (and will show others when you visited their profiles).
You have control over what you share, and you can update information at any time.


Communication.
We help you communicate with connections and other businesses and organizations.
Some of this is one-to-one, some of it is in groups, and some of it is public discussion.
You decide how much or how little you wish to communicate to individuals or groups.


Private activity.
We also provide tools that you can use privately on Alignable (for example, searching, or adding notes to your connections information.) These actions and information are private and we don't share or distribute them to others on the website.

Of course, maintaining your trust is our top concern, so we adhere to the following principles to protect your privacy:
We do not rent, sell, or otherwise provide your personally identifiable information to third parties without your consent, except as described in this policy or as required by law
We do not share any information you have not chosen to display on your Alignable profile to other parties, unless compelled by law, or as necessary to enforce our User Agreement or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Alignable, its Users, and the public
All information that you provide will be protected with industry standard protocols and technology.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently.
If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by means of a notice on our home page so that you may access and review the changes to this document in advance of your continued use of the service.
If you object to any changes, you may close your account.
By continuing to use the Alignable service after notice of changes has been sent to you or published on the Alignable website, you are consenting to the changes.

Please read this policy and send us questions, concerns and suggestions
email support.

What Alignable’s Privacy Policy Covers:
1.
Information collected by Alignable.
2.
How Alignable uses your information.
3.
Your information choices.
4.
Your obligations as a User.
5.
Important information regarding service eligibility and US Department of Commerce Safe Harbor certification.
6.
Security.
7.
How to contact us.
1.
Information Collected
The mission of Alignable is to connect the world’s local businesses and organizations to enable them to be more productive and successful.
To achieve our Mission, we make services available through our website, mobile applications, and developer platform, premium services, and other information provided as part of the Alignable services (“Services”) to enable you, your connections, and your community to meet, exchange ideas, learn, make deals, or find opportunities, create, share, and distribute information in collaboration with one another, and make decisions in a network of trusted relationships and groups.
By joining Alignable, you voluntarily and willingly provide Alignable Corporation in Boston MA, USA certain information, including personally identifiable information, which we collect in order to provide the Services.
If you have any hesitation about providing information to us and/or having your information displayed on the Alignable website or otherwise used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy and the User Agreement, you should not become a member of the Alignable community.
and, if you are already a member, you should close your account.
We collect your personal information in the following ways:
1.
Registration: In order to become a User, you must provide us the following information to create an account: name, email address, business, address, country, and password.
Without this minimal amount of information, you cannot create an Alignable account.
Like other passwords, you should choose one that is known only by you.
Alignable requests other information from you during the registration process, (e.g., industry, location, etc.) that Alignable uses to provide better, more customized services such as language-specific profile pages and updates, better ads, and more valuable marketing opportunities.
You acknowledge that this information is personal to you, and by creating an account on Alignable.
you allow others, including Alignable, to identify you and to allow Alignable to use your information in accordance with our User Agreement.
2.
Profile Information: Once you become a User, you may provide additional information to your Alignable Profile describing your interests, business history, background, recommendations from other Alignable Users, group memberships, and networking objectives (among other options).
Providing additional information about yourself beyond what is minimally required at registration is entirely up to you, but providing additional information enables you to derive more benefit from Alignable and your business network by helping you build your local business identity and leverage your network and facilitating your search for marketing partners, resources, information, and new opportunities.
Any information you provide at registration or in the Profile section may be used by Alignable as described in the User Agreement and this Privacy Policy, including for the purpose of allowing marketing opportunities to find you on Alignable, or for serving more relevant advertisements on Alignable.
Learn more about Alignable’s advertising practices by reading this privacy policy, in particular Sections 1.H, 2.J, and 2.K.
If you decide not to share certain information, you may not receive the full benefit of being an Alignable User.
3.
Contacts Information: In order to connect with others on Alignable, you may use the Services to send invitations either to their Alignable profiles or email addresses of people you know if they have not registered with Alignable.
The names and email addresses of people whom you invite will be used to send your invitations and reminders as well as to allow Alignable to help expand your network.
Please note that when you send an invitation to connect to another User or to an unregistered person inviting them to join Alignable and connect with you, Alignable automatically sends up to 2 reminders to the recipient of your invitation if your invitation is not accepted and that the recipient of an invitation will have access to your email address because it is displayed in the invitation.
Your Alignable connections will also have access to your email address.
You may not invite anyone you do not know and trust to connect with you.
You may also choose to manually enter or upload data about your contacts to the “Contacts” section of your account on Alignable.
Information entered into Contacts is only viewable by you.
By providing email addresses or other information of non-Users to Alignable, you represent that you have authority to do so.
All information that you enter or upload about your contacts is covered by the User Agreement and this Privacy Policy and will enable us to provide customized services such as suggesting people to connect with on Alignable.
4.
Customer Service: We collect information when you interact with Alignable’s website in order to accurately categorize and respond to customer inquiries and investigate breaches of our terms.
5.
Using the Alignable Site and Applications: We receive information when you interact with and use the Alignable website, Alignable Applications (e.g.
Alignable for iPhone, Android, etc.), and Alignable platform technology (such as “Share on Alignable” plugins for publishers).
For example, we know when you click on ads, upload content, join groups, participate in polls, install aAlignable mobile application, share content on Alignable, etc.

6.
Using Third Party Services and Visiting Third Party Sites: We receive information when you use your Alignable account to log in or authenticate to a third-party website or application.
Also, if you are logged into Alignable and visit a third party site that embeds Alignable professional plugins, like “Share on Alignable” for web publishers, Alignable will receive information that those pages have loaded in your web browser.
Alignable will use this information to personalize the Alignable-provided functionality, including providing you insights from your Alignable network, allowing you to share information with your network, enabling you to use Alignable functionality off the Alignable site and serving you more relevant advertising.
Users wishing to disable this personalization may
opt-out
of this feature.
Alignable’s retention of this data is addressed in Section 1.K.

7.
Cookies: Like most websites, we use cookies and web log files to track site usage and trends, to improve the quality of our service, to customize your experience on Alignable, as well as to deliver Alignable and third-party advertising to Users both on and off the Alignable site.
A cookie is a tiny data file that resides on your computer, mobile phone, or other device, and allows us to recognize you as a User when you return to the Alignable website using the same computer and web browser.
You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser, but in some cases doing so may impact your ability to use Alignable.
One type of cookie, known as a “persistent” cookie, is set once you’ve logged in to your Alignable account.
The next time you visit the Alignable website, the persistent cookie will allow us to recognize you as an existing User so you will not need to log in before using the Services.
In order to access or change any of your private information (like a credit card number) or to send a message to another User, however, you must log in securely again with your password even if your computer contains your persistent cookie.
Another type of cookie, called a “session” cookie, is used to identify a particular visit to the Alignable website.
Session cookies expire after a short time or when you close your web browser.
Other technology like Macromedia’s flash can be used to place the functional equivalent of a cookie on your computer.
You can control flash “local stored objects” or “flash cookies” using the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at www.macromedia.com.
Alignable may use cookie-equivalent technology for the limited purpose of enhancing the security of Alignable's services.
We do not use flash cookies for advertising purposes.
In the course of serving advertisements or optimizing the Services to our Users, we may allow authorized third parties to place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
Any information provided to third parties through cookies will not be personally identifiable but may provide general segment information (e.g., your industry or geography, career field, or information about your professional or educational background) for the enhancement of your user experience by providing more relevant advertising.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
Alignable does not store unencrypted personally identifiable information in the cookies.

8.
Advertising and Web Beacons: To support the Services we provide at no cost to our Users, as well as provide a more relevant and useful experience for our Users, we target and serve our own ads and third-party ads both on and off the site using ad networks.
Ad networks include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad exchanges, ad technology vendors and research firms.
We target ads to Users based on general profile categories (e.g., “product managers in Texas”) or on non-personally identifiable information inferred from a User’s profile (e.g., industry, current or former business, years in business, nationality, or other aspects of your life) in addition to a User’s use of Alignable or their clicking on Alignable ad inventory.
Alignable does not provide personally identifiable information to any third party ad network.
We use ad technology such as web beacons, pixels, anonymous ad network tags, and cookies to more effectively serve ads to our Users on and off Alignable through ad networks, as well as to collect anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for advertisers.
Because your web browser requests advertisements and web beacons directly from ad network servers, these networks can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.
You may opt-out of ads served to you off Alignable
here
, by turning off “Advertising Preferences.” If you opt-out you may lose certain functionality of the Alignable Services, as well as the potential benefit of receiving ads that are targeted to your interests which, in turn, may limit your ability to fully realize the benefits of the Alignable Services to build and leverage your professional network.

9.
Log files, IP Addresses and information about your computer and mobile device: Due to the communications standards on the internet, when you visit the Alignable website we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave Alignable.
Additionally, advertisers receive the URL of the page you were on when you click on an ad on Alignable.
Alignable also receives the internet protocol (“IP”) address of your computer (or the proxy server you use to access the World Wide Web), your computer operating system and type of web browser you are using, email patterns, your mobile device (including your UDID) and mobile operating system (if you are accessing Alignable using a mobile device), as well as the name of your ISP or your mobile carrier.
Alignable may also receive location data passed to it from third-party services or GPS-enabled devices that you have enabled.
Also, as described above in Sections 1.E.
and 1.F., Alignable receives information when you access web pages containing Alignable interactive plugins, such as “Share on Alignable” or “Connect with Alignable” functionality.
You can control the collection and use of this information here.
The link between your IP address and your personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties without your permission, except as described in Section 2.L (“Compliance with Legal Process”), below.

10.
Rights to Access, Correct and Eliminate Information About You: You have a right to access, modify, correct and eliminate the data you supplied to Alignable.
If you update any of your information, we may keep a copy of the information that you originally provided to us in our archives for uses documented in this policy.
You may request deletion of your information at any time by
contacting Alignable customer service.
We will respond to your request within 30 days.
Please note, however that information you have shared with others, or that other Users have copied, may also remain visible even if you request its deletion.


11.
Data Retention: Alignable will retain your information for so long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, except in the case of our professional plugin impression data, which we de-identify after 12 months.
If you wish to close your account, you may do so
here.
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce this Agreement.

2.
Uses of personal information

1.
Consent to Alignable Processing Information About You: The information you provide to Alignable may reveal, or allow others to identify, your nationality, ethnic origin, gender, age, and other aspects of your life.
By providing information to us for the purposes of creating your User account or adding any additional details to your Alignable profile, you are expressly and voluntarily accepting the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and Alignable’s User Agreement that allow Alignable to process information about you.
Supplying information to Alignable, including any information deemed “sensitive” by applicable law, is entirely voluntary on your part.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to Alignable’s collection and processing of your information at any time, in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and the User Agreement, by changing your Settings, or by
closing your account
, but please note that your withdrawal of consent will not be retroactive.


2.
Alignable Communications: As described in the User Agreement, we will communicate with you through email, notices posted on the Alignable website, messages to your Alignable inbox, or through other means available through the service, including mobile text messages.
We may send you a series of emails that help inform new Users about the features of the Services, and we will also send you service messages relating to the functioning of the Services.
We may also send you messages with promotional information directly or on behalf of our partners, unless you have opted out of receiving promotional information.
You can change your e-mail and contact preferences at any time by logging into your account and changing your settingsrelated to your email notification choices.
If you wish, you can also opt-out of receiving promotional emails by sending a
request
to Alignable customer service.
Please be aware that you cannot opt-out of receiving service messages from Alignable.
Also, if we send communications to you via the carrier service with which you have a mobile communications subscription or otherwise have access, you understand you will pay any service fees associated with your receipt of messages on your mobile device (including text messaging charges).

3.
User Communications: Many communications you initiate through Alignable (e.g., an invitation sent to a non-User) will list your primary email address and name in the header of the message.
Messages you initiate may also provide aggregate information about your network (for instance how many people are in your network), but will not list the people to whom you’re directly connected.
Other communications that you initiate through the Alignable website, like a request for an introduction, will list your name as the initiator but will not include your personal email address contact information.
Your contact information will only be shared with another User if both of you have indicated that you would like to establish contact with each other.
4.
Customized Content: We use information you provide to us (or to third parties with whom Alignable offers combined services) to customize your experience on our website.
For example, when you login to your account, we will display the names of new Users who have recently joined your network or recent status updates from your connections.
5.
Sharing Information with Third Parties: Alignable takes the privacy of our Users very seriously, and we do not sell, rent, or otherwise provide your personally identifiable information to third parties, except as described in this policy.
We will also not share other personal information not published to your profile or generated through engagement with other Alignable services (Groups, Joins, Company Pages, etc.) without your explicit consent or to carry out your instructions (for example, to process payment information) unless, disclosure is reasonably necessary in our opinion to: (1) comply with legal process, including, but not limited to, civil and criminal subpoenas, court orders or other compulsory disclosures.
(2) enforce this Agreement.
(3) respond to claims of a violation of the rights of third parties, whether or not the third party is a User, individual, or government agency.
(4) respond to customer service inquiries.
or (5) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Alignable, our Users or the public.
Alignable offers a “public profile” feature that allows Users to publish portions of their Alignable profile to the public internet.
This public profile will be crawled by and displayed through search engines when someone searches for your name.
You may opt-out of this feature by editing your account settings.
however, Alignable does not warrant how often third-party search engines will update their caches, which may contain old public profile information.
Content distributed through Alignable’s sharing features and third party integrations may result in displaying some of your information outside of Alignable.
For example, when you post content to aAlignable Group that is open for public discussion, your content, including your name as the contributor, may be displayed in search engine results.
Or, if you have bound your Alignable account to your Twitter account, you can easily share content into both Alignable as well as to Twitter.
We may provide aggregated anonymous data about the usage of the Services to third parties for purposes that we deem, in our sole discretion, to be appropriate, including to prospective advertisers on Alignable.

6.
Developers using Alignable Platform Services: We collaborate with and allow third parties to use Alignable’s developer platform to offer services and functionality in conjunction with and outside of Alignable.
These third parties are either partners (“Alignable Partners”) with whom we have negotiated an agreement to provide services (“Combined Services”), for example, InApps, or developers (“Platform Developers”) who have agreed to our developer terms in order to build applications (“Platform Applications”).
Both the negotiated agreements and our API terms and conditions contain restrictions on access, storage and use of your information.
If you choose to use Combined Services or a Platform Application, you may be asked to confirm acceptance of the privacy policy and/or user agreement of the Alignable Partner or Platform Developer, which have not necessarily been reviewed or approved by Alignable.
It is your choice whether or not to make use of Combined Services or Platform Applications and whether to proceed under any third party terms, and once you do, the third party's terms, and not this policy, will govern how they handle information you provide to them directly or through your Alignable account.
Also, despite our agreements and technical steps taken to restrict access to and avoid possible misuse of information, we may not screen or audit all Combined Services or Platform Applications.
We also cannot guarantee that any Alignable Partner or Platform Developer will abide by our agreement.
You agree that your use of Combined Services or Platform Applications is on an “as is” basis and without any warranty.
If you use any Combined Service or Platform Application, the Alignable Partner or Platform Developer may access and share certain information about you, such as non-public profile information and information visible only to your connections.
This includes information about your connections by virtue of you being connected to others.
However, unless you have used a Combined Service or Platform Application, it can only access the information about you that is otherwise visible to other Alignable Users.
To revoke permission granted to a Combined Service or Platform Application at any time, please visit the settings page.
If the relevant Platform Developer or Application, or Alignable Partner is not listed under Authorized Applications, go directly to the Application Details page for the Platform Application you wish to uninstall.
Note, however, that even if you revoke the permission granted a third party, your connections, other members of your network, or other Users of Alignable may still be using the Platform Application, so the Platform Application or Combined Service may still have access to certain information about you, just as those Users do.
You may opt-out of providing information to third parties through others connected to you by
contacting support.
To report any suspected misuse of information, contact Alignable’s customer service.
Alignable is not responsible for your use of or inability to use any Combined Service or Platform Application, including the content, accuracy, or reliability of applications and the privacy practices or other policies of Alignable Partners or Platform Developers.

7.
Polls and Surveys: Polls and Surveys may be conducted by Alignable, Alignable Users or third parties.
As a User, you may be invited to participate in polls and surveys from the Alignable website.
Your selection may be random, or it may be based on your non-personally identifiable information, such as job title, geography, company size and/or industry.
Whether or not you decide to participate in a poll or survey is completely up to you.
After you complete a poll, you will be given access to the aggregate responses of the poll on a results page.
Some third parties may target advertisements to you on the results page based on your answers in the poll.
Further, Alignable or third parties may follow up with you via Alignable Messaging regarding your participation unless you have opted out of receiving messages.
We may use third parties to deliver incentives to you to participate in surveys or polls.
If the delivery of incentives requires your contact information, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information to the third party fulfilling the incentive offer, which will only be used for the purpose of delivering incentives and/or verifying your contact information.
It is up to you whether you provide this information, or whether you desire to take advantage of an incentive.
We will not disclose any personally identifiable information to any third parties in connection with the conduct of any polls or surveys.
Your consent to use any personally identifiable information for the purposes set forth in the poll or survey will be explicitly requested by the party conducting it.
8.
Search: We offer search services to help find information and learn more about other Users (for example, you can search for Users with particular interests or marketing experience, or that you may know from your community or profession), as well as marketing opportunities.
Alignable search also allows Users to find marketing opportunities, companies, and contributions to the community aspects of the Alignable Services, such as Groups and Answers that will help Users more effectively use Alignable and expand their network.
We use information from User profiles and contributions to Groups, Company Pages, and Answers to inform and refine our search service.
9.
Answers, Groups, and other Services: If you post on the Answers section of Alignable, participate in Alignable Groups, or import a blog, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you choose to provide there can be read, collected, or used by other Users of these forums, as well as Platform Developers and other third parties, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages.
Alignable is not responsible for the information you choose to submit in these forums.
Also, some content in Alignable Groups may be public and searchable on the internet if the Group owner has opened the group for public discussions.
You can delete your posts to Answers and Alignable Groups at any time.
However, please note that ideas you post and information you share may be seen and used by other Users, and Alignable cannot guarantee that other Users have not made copies of or use the ideas and information that you share with others on Alignable.
10.
Testimonials and Advertisements Placed through Alignable Ads Service: If you provide any testimonials about the Alignable Services or place advertisements through the Alignable Ads, we may post those testimonials and examples of advertisements you place in connection with our promotion of these services to third parties.
Testimonials and advertisements may include your name and other personal information that you have provided.

11.
Advertising and Endorsements on Alignable: In order to deliver relevant and valuable ads to you and your network, Alignable may use your name and profile photo in connection with social advertising based on content shared on Alignable.
This advertising may include the fact that you have recommended or endorsed a product or service on Alignable, connected with a company, joined Groups or conversations, established or added content to your profile, etc., and will only be displayed to your Alignable network.
You can opt-out of allowing your name and/or profile photo to be used in social ads
here.

12.
Compliance with Legal Process: It is possible that we may need to disclose personal information, profile information and/or information about your activities as an Alignable User when required by subpoena or other legal process, or if Alignable has a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to (a) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies.
(b) to enforce the User Agreement, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations, or to protect the security or integrity of our site.
and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property or personal safety of Alignable, our Users, employees, or others.
13.
Disclosures to Others as the Result of a Change in Control or Sale of Alignable Corporation: We may also disclose your personal information and other information you provide to another third party as part of a sale of the assets of Alignable Corporation, a subsidiary or division, or as the result of a change in control of the company.
Any third party to which Alignable transfers or sells Alignable’s assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us.
3.
Your Information Choices

1.
Accessing and Changing Your Account Information: You can review the personal information you provided to us and make any desired changes to the information you publish, or to the settings for your Alignable account including your email and contact preferences, at any time by logging in to
your account
on the Alignable website.
Please be aware that even after your request for a change is processed, Alignable may, for a time, retain residual information about you in its backup and/or archival copies of its database.


2.
Default Settings: Because the mission of Alignable is to connect the world’s local businesses to enable them to become more productive and successful, we have established what we believe to be reasonable default settings that we have found most professionals desire.
Because Users may use and interact with Alignable in a variety of ways, and because those uses may change over time, we designed our settings to provide our users granular control over the information they share.
We encourage our Users to review their account settings and adjust them in accordance with their preferences.
Alignable accounts are also defaulted to allow Users to be contacted to participate in polls, surveys and partner advertising.
Contact support
to change these settings.

3.
Closing Your Account: You can close your account through the Alignable customer service site.
If you close your Alignable account, we will remove your name and other personally identifiable information from our publicly viewable database.
If you close your account, we have no obligation to retain your information, and may delete any or all of your account information without liability.
However, we may retain certain data contributed by you if Alignable believes it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, or for legitimate business purposes, such as analysis of aggregated, non-personally identifiable data, account recovery, or if required by law.
Alignable may also retain and use your information if necessary to provide the Services to other Users.
For example, just as an email you may send to another person through an email service provider resides in that person’s inbox even after you delete it from your sent files or close your account, emails or Alignable Messages you send on Alignable to other Users, as well as your contributions to Alignable Answers or Groups, may remain visible to others after you have closed your account.
Similarly, other information you have shared with others, or that other Users have copied, may also remain visible.
Alignable disclaims any liability in relation to the deletion or retention (subject to the terms herein) of information or any obligation not to delete the information.
Alignable does not control when search engines update their cache, which may contain certain public profile information that has since been removed from Alignable’s publicly viewable database.
4.
Memorializing Accounts: If we learn that a User or business is no longer in business, we may memorialize the User’s account.
In these cases we may restrict profile access, remove messaging functionality, and close an account if we receive a formal request from the User or other proper legal request to do so.
4.
Your Obligations
As a User, you have certain obligations to other Users.
Some of these obligations are imposed by applicable law and regulations, and others have become commonplace in user-friendly communities of like-minded members such as Alignable:
You must, at all times, abide by the terms and conditions of the then-current Privacy Policy and User Agreement.
This includes respecting all intellectual property rights that may belong to third parties (such as trademarks or photographs).
You must not download or otherwise disseminate any information that may be deemed to be injurious, violent, offensive, racist or xenophobic, or which may otherwise violate the purpose and spirit of Alignable and its community of Users.
You must not provide to Alignable and/or other Users information that you believe might be injurious or detrimental to your person or to your professional or social status.
You must keep your username and password confidential and not share it with others.
Any violation of these guidelines may lead to the restriction, suspension or termination of your account at the sole discretion of Alignable.
5.
Important information
Children and Minors - Children under the age of 18 are not eligible to use our service.
6.
Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy at any time, with or without advance notice.
In the event there are significant changes in the way we treat your personally identifiable information, or in the Privacy Policy document itself, we will display a notice on the Alignable website or send you an email, so that you may review the changed terms prior to continuing to use the site.
As always, if you object to any of the changes to our terms, and you no longer wish to use Alignable, you may
close your account.
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that Alignable has about you and your account.
Using the Alignable Services after a notice of changes has been sent to you or published on our site shall constitute consent to the changed terms or practices.

7.
Security
In order to help secure your personal information, access to your data on Alignable is password-protected, and sensitive data (such as credit card information) is protected by SSL encryption when it is exchanged between your web browser and the Alignable website.
To protect any data you store on our servers, Alignable also regularly audits its system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and we use a tier-one secured-access data center.
However, since the internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Alignable.
There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information.
Please note that emails, instant messaging, and similar means of communication with other Users of Alignable are not encrypted, and we strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these means.
8.
How to contact us

If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us
here
or contact us at:

Alignable Corporation
Attn: Legal Department, Privacy Policy Issues
205 Portland Street
Boston, MA 02114 About Testimonials
About Us
Press
Careers
Blog Support Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Code of Conduct
Help Center 






 2019 Alignable, Inc.
All rights reserved.
  

Careers


Testimonials


About

 Sign In 
 Sign Up 
 Alignable 

Careers


Testimonials


About

 Sign In 
 Sign Up 


 Terms and Conditions
PLEASE REVIEW THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY:
1.
ACCEPTANCE OF USER AGREEMENT

BY REGISTERING WITH ALIGNABLE, OR BY ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE AND CONTENT, INCLUDING THROUGH OUR MOBILE APPLICATIONS, OR BY USING OUR DEVELOPER PLATFORM, PREMIUM SERVICES, OR OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED AS PART OF THE ALIGNABLE SERVICES (COLLECTIVELY, THE “SERVICES”), YOU BECOME A “USER” AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE ENTERED INTO A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT WITH ALIGNABLE CORPORATION, 205 PORTLAND STREET, BOSTON, MA 02114 (“WE,” “US,” “OUR,” AND “ALIGNABLE”), THE TERMS OF WHICH CONSIST OF THIS USER AGREEMENT, THE
CODE OF CONDUCT
AND ALIGNABLE’S
PRIVACY POLICY
, BOTH OF WHICH ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS THE “AGREEMENT” OR “TERMS OF SERVICE”)

IF YOU ARE USING OR ACCESSING THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU ARE REPRESENTING THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND THE COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY TO THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTAND THAT BOTH YOU, INDIVIDUALLY, AND THE COMPANY OR ENTITY WHICH YOU REPRESENT ARE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT.
IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO REGISTER AN ACCOUNT AND BECOME AN USER, DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT CLICK “JOIN ALIGNABLE” AND DO NOT ACCESS, VIEW, DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE USE ANY ALIGNABLE WEBPAGE, INFORMATION OR SERVICES.
BY CLICKING “JOIN NOW,” YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT YOU AGREE, ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY WHICH YOU REPRESENT, TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF ITS PROVISIONS.
BY CLICKING “JOIN NOW,” YOU ALSO CONSENT TO USE ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES AND ACKNOWLEDGE YOUR CLICK OF THE “JOIN NOW” BUTTON AS ONE.
2.
YOUR OBLIGATIONS.
1.
License and warranty for your submissions to Alignable: By establishing an Alignable Account and accepting these Terms of Service, you agree that Alignable may assist you in setting up your profile by using publicly available online information regarding you to populate your profile and to supplement any information provided by you in setting up that profile.
You own or otherwise have the lawful right to provide the information that you provide to Alignable or allow Alignable to access under this Agreement, and may request its deletion at any time, unless you have shared information or content with other Users and they have not deleted it, or it was copied or stored by other Users with your permission.
Additionally, you grant Alignable a nonexclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual, unlimited, assignable, sublicenseable, fully paid up and royalty-free right to copy, prepare derivative works of, improve, distribute, publish, remove, retain, add, process, analyze, use and commercialize, in any way now known or in the future discovered, any information you provide, directly or indirectly, to Alignable, including, but not limited to, any user generated content, publicly available online information used by Alignable to populate your profile, ideas, concepts, techniques or data (but excluding email addresses), without any further consent, notice and/or compensation to you or to any third parties.
Any information you submit to us is at your own risk of loss.
By providing information to us, you represent, warrant and covenant that you are entitled to submit the information and that the information is accurate, not confidential, and not in violation of any contractual restrictions or other third party rights.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you represent, warrant, and covenant that: (a) at the time of sending any communication using the Services, you have or will have obtained any and all necessary consents required or is otherwise able under applicable law, including applicable anti-spam legislation, from your contacts to use their email address for the purpose of sending such emails or other electronic communications.
and (b) if such recipient advises you that it no longer wishes to receive further commercial electronic messages or you otherwise determine that you no longer have lawful consent to send them electronic communications, you will ensure that Alignable is immediately made aware of such change in circumstances.
Furthermore, you acknowledge that the template messages provided by Alignable in connection with the Services are for convenience and example only and that you are solely responsible for selecting the content of communications that you transmit using the Services, including ensuring that such content complies with all applicable laws.
It is your responsibility to keep your Alignable profile information accurate and updated.
2.
Service Eligibility: To be eligible to use the Service, you must meet the following criteria and you hereby represent and warrant that you: (1) are 18 years of age or older.
(2) are not currently restricted from the Services, or not otherwise prohibited from having an Alignable account, (3) are not a competitor of Alignable or are not using the Services for reasons that are in competition with Alignable.
(4) will only maintain one Alignable account at any given time.
(5) have full power and authority to enter into this Agreement, including on behalf of any entity or other person for whom you are acting as a representative, and doing so will not violate any other agreement to which you, or the person or entity you are representing, are a party.
(6) will not violate any rights of Alignable, including intellectual property rights such as copyright or trademark rights.
and (7) agree to provide at your cost all equipment, software, and internet access necessary to use the Services.
3.
User ID and Password: You agree to: (1) keep your password secure and confidential.
(2) not permit others to use or otherwise access your account.
(3) not use or otherwise access other Users’ accounts.
and (4) not sell, trade, rent, lease, share, or otherwise transfer your Alignable account or a right to access your Alignable account, or any portion thereof, to another party.
You are responsible for anything that happens through or involving your account until you close down your account or prove to Alignable’s reasonable satisfaction that your account security was compromised due to no fault of your own.
To close your account, please visit the My Accounts section within the Alignable application.

4.
Indemnification: You will fully indemnify, defend and hold us harmless for all damages, losses and costs (including, but not limited to, reasonable legal fees and costs), fines, administrative monetary penalties or settlement costs, ("Losses") related to all third party claims, charges, regulatory and other investigations, caused by (1) your failure to comply with this Agreement, including, without limitation, your submission of content that violates third party rights or applicable laws, (2) any content you submit to the Services, and (3) any activity in your account or which you engage in or through your use of the Services.
You will further indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless from and any and all Losses arising from (a) any breach or inaccuracy of Section 2 above.
or (b) any claim or allegation that you or Alignable has transmitted a communication using the Services in violation of applicable law, including applicable anti-spam legislation.

5.
Payment: If you purchase any services that we offer for a fee, either on a one-time or subscription basis (“Premium Services”), those Premium Services are subject to this Agreement and any additional terms which you accept in connection with registering for the Premium Services.
When you purchase Premium Services, you agree that we may store your payment information and that we may use that payment information to charge the applicable fees for the Premium Services (including, without limitation, periodic subscription fees for premium accounts) as they become due plus all related taxes, and to reimburse us for all collection costs and interest for any overdue amounts.
Your obligation to pay fees continues through the end of the subscription period during which you cancel your subscription and are non-refundable.
You also acknowledge that Alignable’s Premium Services are subject to this Agreement and any additional terms related to the provision of the Premium Service.
6.
Communications from Alignable to You: Alignable, at its discretion, may contact or notify you regarding scheduled and unscheduled downtimes outside of our routine maintenance windows, changes to the Services or this Agreement or other items relating to the Services or your account using any of the following means: (a) a banner notice placed across Alignable’s pages.
(b) an email from Alignable to an email address associated with your account, even if we have other contact information.
or (c) through your Alignable account or through other means including mobile number, telephone, or delivery services including the postal service.
Please review your Settings to control what kind of messages you receive from Alignable.
You acknowledge and agree that Alignable shall not be liable for any consequence resulting, directly or indirectly, from your failure to maintain accurate contact or other information, including, but not limited to, your failure to receive critical information about the Service.
7.
Alignable Applications: Alignable may offer the Services through applications built using Alignable’s platform (“Alignable Applications”).
Examples of Alignable Applications include its smart phone applications (Alignable for Android or Alignable for iOS), and Alignable’s “Share” buttons and other interactive plugins distributed on websites across the web.
Alignable Applications are distinct from third party Platform Applications addressed in Section D.2.
If you use an Alignable Application or interact with a website that has deployed a plugin, you agree that information about you and your use of the Services, including, but not limited to, your device, your mobile carrier, your internet access provider, your physical location, and/or web pages containing Alignable plugins that load in your browser may be communicated to us.
Further, by importing any of your Alignable data through the Alignable Application, you represent that you have authority to share the transferred data with your mobile carrier or other access provider.
In the event you change or deactivate your mobile account, you must promptly update your Alignable account information to ensure that your messages are not sent to the person that acquires your old number and failure to do so is your responsibility.
You acknowledge you are responsible for all charges and necessary permissions related to accessing the Services through your mobile access provider.
Finally, by using any downloadable application to enable your use of the Services, you are explicitly confirming your acceptance of the terms of the End User License Agreement associated with the application provided at download or installation, or as may be updated from time to time.
8.
User-to-User Communication and Sharing (Groups, Discussions, Topics, Messaging, Promotions, Events, Tasks, Updates, Company Profiles, etc.): Alignable hosts various forums where you can post your observations and comments on designated topics.
Alignable also enables sharing of information by allowing Users to post updates, including links to third party content, and other information such as events, promotions, and other content to their profile and other parts of the site, such as Profile Pages.
Alignable members can create Profile Pages and other Pages for free, however, Alignable may close or transfer any Profile Pages or other User created Pages, or remove content from them if the content violates this Agreement or others’ intellectual property rights.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE ABOVE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ALIGNABLE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION POSTED BY YOU OR ANY OTHER USER IN ANY ALIGNABLE HOSTED FORUM, BLOG, PAGE, CALENDAR OR WEBSITE THROUGH A USER CREATED MESSAGE OR OTHERWISE THROUGH THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER.
Please note that ideas you post and information you share may be seen and used by other Users, and Alignable cannot guarantee that other Users will not use the ideas and information that you share on Alignable.
Therefore, if you have an idea or information that you would like to keep confidential and/or don’t want others to use, or that is subject to third party rights that may be infringed by your sharing it, do not post it to the Services, to any Alignable Users you are connected to, into your Network Updates, or elsewhere.
ALIGNABLE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR A USER’S MISUSE OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION YOU POST IN OR ON ANY ALIGNABLE HOSTED FORUM, BLOG, PAGE, CALENDAR OR WEBSITE OR THROUGH A USER CREATED MESSAGE OR OTHERWISE THROUGH THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER.

9.
Privacy: You should carefully read our full
Privacy Policy
before deciding to become a User as it is hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference, and governs our treatment of any information, including personally identifiable/personal information you submit to us.
Please note that certain information, statements, data, and content (such as photographs) which you may submit to Alignable, or other Users using the Services might, or are likely to, reveal your gender, ethnic origin, nationality, age, and/or other personal information about you.
You acknowledge that your submission of any information, statements, data, and content to us is voluntary on your part.

10.
Export Control: Your use of Alignable services, including our software, is subject to export and re-export control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) maintained by the United States Department of Commerce and sanctions programs maintained by the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control.
You shall not — directly or indirectly — sell, export, re-export, transfer, divert, or otherwise dispose of any software or service to any end-user without obtaining the required authorizations from the appropriate government authorities.
You also warrant that you are not prohibited from receiving US origin products, including services or software.
11.
Contributions to Alignable: By submitting ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals ("Contributions") to Alignable through its suggestion or feedback webpages, you acknowledge and agree that: (a) your Contributions do not contain confidential or proprietary information.
(b) Alignable is not under any obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Contributions.
(c) Alignable shall be entitled to use or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) such Contributions for any purpose, in any way, in any media worldwide.
(d) Alignable may have something similar to the Contributions already under consideration or in development.
(e) you irrevocably assign to Alignable all rights to your Contributions.
and (f) you are not entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from Alignable under any circumstances.
12.
Invitations to Connect: If you invite other Users to connect with you or if you invite persons not yet members of the Alignable community to join Alignable and connect with you, Alignable will automatically send up to two reminder emails to recipients who haven’t yet responded to your invitation to connect, unless you advise Alignable otherwise.
Reminders are sent to alert the recipient of an invitation in case they overlooked the original message.
No more than two reminders are sent, and if the recipient responds to the invitation, the reminders stop.
We remind you that it is solely your responsibility to determine whether Alignable's invitation process is in compliance with applicable laws that affect your intended recipients and accordingly, you may prevent Alignable from sending reminder emails by canceling the invitation at any time prior to the transmittal of the reminder email.
&nbsp;
3.
YOUR RIGHTS.
On the condition that you comply with all your obligations under this Agreement, we grant you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-sublicenseable license and right to access the Services, through a generally available web browser, mobile device or application (but not through scraping, spidering, crawling or other technology or software used to access data without the express written consent of Alignable or its Users), view information and use the Services that we provide on Alignable webpages and in accordance with this Agreement.
Any other use of Alignable contrary to the Code of Conduct is strictly prohibited and a violation of this Agreement.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted in this Agreement, including, without limitation, title, ownership, intellectual property rights, and all other rights and interest in Alignable, the Services, and all related items, including any and all copies made of the Alignable website.
4.
OUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS.
1.
Services Availability: For as long as Alignable continues to offer the Services, Alignable shall provide and seek to update, improve and expand the Services.
As a result, we allow you to access Alignable as it may exist and be available on any given day and have no other obligations, except as expressly stated in this Agreement.
We may modify, replace, refuse access to, suspend or discontinue Alignable, partially or entirely, or change and modify prices for all or part of the Services for you or for all our users in our sole discretion.
All of these changes shall be effective upon their posting on our site or by direct communication to you unless otherwise noted.
Alignable further reserves the right to withhold, remove and or discard any content available as part of your account, with or without notice if deemed by Alignable to be contrary to this Agreement.
For avoidance of doubt, Alignable has no obligation to store, maintain or provide you a copy of any content that you or other Users provide when using the Services.

2.
Third Party Sites and Developers: Alignable may include links to third party web sites (“Third Party Sites”) on
http://www.Alignable.com
and elsewhere.Alignable also enables third party developers (“Platform Developers”) to create applications (“Platform Applications”) that provide features and functionality using data and developer tools made available by Alignable through its developer platform.
You are responsible for evaluating whether you want to access or use a Third Party Site or Platform Application.
You should review any applicable terms and/or privacy policy of a Third Party Site or Platform Application before using it or sharing any information with it, because you may give the operator permission to use your information in ways we would not.
Alignable is not responsible for and does not endorse any features, content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from Third Party Sites or Platform Applications.
Alignable also does not screen, audit, or endorse Platform Applications.
Accordingly, if you decide to access Third Party Sites or use Platform Applications, you do so at your own risk and agree that your use of any Platform Application is on an “as-is”, “as-available” basis without any warranty as to the Platform Developer’s actions, and that this Agreement does not apply to your use of any Third Party Site or Developer Application.
Please note: If you allow a Platform Application or Third Party Site to authenticate to or connect with your Alignable account, that application or website can access information on Alignable related to you and your connections.
For additional information regarding Platform Developers and Platform Applications, please refer to Alignable’s
Privacy Policy.


3.
Disclosure of User Information: You acknowledge, consent and agree that we may access, preserve, and disclose your registration and any other information you provide if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary in our opinion to: (1) comply with legal process, including, but not limited to, civil and criminal subpoenas, court orders or other compulsory disclosures.
(2) enforce this Agreement.
(3) respond to claims of a violation of the rights of third parties, whether or not the third party is a User, individual, or government agency.
(4) respond to customer service inquiries.
or (5) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Alignable, our Users or the public.
Disclosures of User information to third parties other than those required to provide customer support, administer this agreement, or comply with legal requirements are addressed in the
Privacy Policy.

4.
Connections and Interactions with other Users: You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Users.
Alignable may limit the number of connections you may have to other Users and may, in certain circumstances, prohibit you from contacting other Users through use of the Services or otherwise limit your use of the Services.
Alignable reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other members and to restrict, suspend, or close your account if Alignable determines, in our sole discretion, that doing so is necessary to enforce this Agreement.
5.
DISCLAIMER
SOME COUNTRIES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED TERMS IN CONTRACTS WITH CONSUMERS AND AS A RESULT THE CONTENTS OF THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
DO NOT RELY ON ALIGNABLE, ANY INFORMATION THEREIN, OR ITS CONTINUATION.
WE PROVIDE THE PLATFORM FOR ALIGNABLE AND ALL INFORMATION AND SERVICES ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.
ALIGNABLE DOES NOT CONTROL OR VET USER GENERATED CONTENT FOR ACCURACY.
SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WE DO NOT PROVIDE ANY EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, OR CONDITIONS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, ACCURACY OF DATA, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED OR HARMED BY ALIGNABLE OR ANYTHING RELATED TO ALIGNABLE, YOU MAY CLOSE YOUR ALIGNABLE ACCOUNT AND TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION G (“TERMINATION”) AND SUCH TERMINATION SHALL BE YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY.
ALIGNABLE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE, AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS REGARDING THE DELIVERY OF ANY MESSAGES (SUCH AS DIRECT MESSAGES, POSTING OF ANSWERS OR TRANSMISSION OF ANY OTHER USER GENERATED CONTENT) SENT THROUGH ALIGNABLE TO ANYONE.
IN ADDITION, WE NEITHER REPRESENT NOR WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE WILL NOT INFRINGE THE RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES.
ANY MATERIAL, SERVICE, OR TECHNOLOGY DESCRIBED OR USED ON THE WEBSITE MAY BE SUBJECT TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OWNED BY THIRD PARTIES WHO HAVE LICENSED SUCH MATERIAL, SERVICE, OR TECHNOLOGY TO US.
ALIGNABLE DOES NOT HAVE ANY OBLIGATION TO VERIFY THE IDENTITY OF THE PERSONS SUBSCRIBING TO ITS SERVICES, NOR DOES IT HAVE ANY OBLIGATION TO MONITOR THE USE OF ITS SERVICES BY OTHER USERS OF THE COMMUNITY.
THEREFORE, ALIGNABLE DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR IDENTITY THEFT OR ANY OTHER MISUSE OF YOUR IDENTITY OR INFORMATION.
ALIGNABLE DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SERVICES IT PROVIDES WILL FUNCTION WITHOUT INTERRUPTION OR ERRORS IN FUNCTIONING.
IN PARTICULAR, THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICES MAY BE INTERRUPTED DUE TO MAINTENANCE, UPDATES, OR SYSTEM OR NETWORK FAILURES.
ALIGNABLE DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES CAUSED BY ANY SUCH INTERRUPTION OR ERRORS IN FUNCTIONING.
FURTHERMORE, ALIGNABLE DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY MALFUNCTIONING, IMPOSSIBILITY OF ACCESS, OR POOR USE CONDITIONS OF THE ALIGNABLE SITE DUE TO INAPPROPRIATE EQUIPMENT, DISTURBANCES RELATED TO INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDERS, TO THE SATURATION OF THE INTERNET NETWORK, AND FOR ANY OTHER REASON.
6.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
SOME COUNTRIES DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY IN CONTRACTS WITH CONSUMERS AND AS A RESULT THE CONTENTS OF THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Neither Alignable nor any of our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, employees, shareholders, or directors (“Alignable Affiliates”) shall be cumulatively liable for (a) any damages in excess of five times the most recent monthly fee that you paid for a Premium Service, if any, or US $100, whichever amount is greater, or (b) any special, incidental, indirect, punitive or consequential damages or loss of use, profit, revenue or data to you or any third person arising from your use of the Services, any platform applications or any of the content or other materials on, accessed through or downloaded from Alignable.
This limitation of liability is part of the basis of the bargain between the parties and without it the terms and prices charged would be different.
This limitation of liability shall:
1.
Apply regardless of whether (1) you base your claim on contract, tort, statute or any other legal theory, (2) we knew or should have known about the possibility of such damages, or (3) the limited remedies provided in this section fail of their essential purpose.
and
2.
Not apply to any damage that Alignable may cause you intentionally or knowingly in violation of this Agreement or applicable law, or as otherwise mandated by applicable law that cannot be disclaimed from in this Agreement
3.
Not apply if you have entered into a separate agreement to purchase Premium Services with a separate Limitation of Liability provision that supersedes this section in relation to those Premium Services.
7.
TERMINATION
1.
Mutual rights of termination: You may terminate this Agreement, for any or no reason, at any time, with notice to Alignable pursuant to Section I.3.
This notice will be effective upon Alignable processing your notice.
Alignable may terminate the Agreement and your account for any reason or no reason, at any time, with or without notice.
This cancellation shall be effective immediately or as may be specified in the notice.
For avoidance of doubt, only Alignable or the party paying for the services may terminate your access to any Premium Services.
Termination of your Alignable account includes disabling your access to Alignable and may also bar you from any future use of Alignable.
2.
Misuse of the Services: Alignable may restrict, suspend or terminate the account of any User who abuses or misuses the Services.
Misuse of the Services includes inviting other Users with whom you do not know to connect.
abusing the Alignable messaging services.
creating multiple or false profiles.
using the Services commercially without Alignable’s authorization, infringing any intellectual property rights, violating the Code of Conduct, or any other behavior that Alignable, in its sole discretion, deems contrary to its purpose.
In addition, and without limiting the foregoing, Alignable will suspend access to and terminate the account of any User whom Alignable determines to be a repeat infringer of other person’s rights under the United States Copyright Act or similar legislation.
A User will be deemed a “repeat infringer” if (a) such User has been notified of infringing activity more than twice and/or has had one of its submissions removed from our Website more than twice.
Alignable complies with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) statutory notice and takedown procedures.
Alignable has designated the following individual with the U.S.
Copyright Office as Alignable’s DMCA agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement: Theodore A.
Lund, Rich May, P.C.176 Federal Street, Sixth Floor Boston, MA 02110 Tel: (617) 556-3826 Email: legal@alignable.com Fax: (617) 556-3889
3.
Effect of Termination: Upon the termination of your Alignable account, you lose access to the Services.
The terms of this Agreement shall survive any termination, except Sections 3 (“Your Rights”) and 4.a,b and d (“Our Rights and Obligations”) hereof.
8.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
1.
Law and Forum for Legal Disputes: This Agreement or any claim, cause of action or dispute (“claim”) arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of Massachusetts regardless of your country of origin or where you access the Services, and notwithstanding of any conflicts of law principles and the United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods.
You and Alignable agree that all claims arising out of or related to this Agreement must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in Boston, Massachusetts, except as otherwise agreed by the parties or as described in the Arbitration Option paragraph below.
You and Alignable agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within Boston, Massachusetts for the purpose of litigating all such claims.
Notwithstanding the above, you agree that Alignable shall still be allowed to apply for injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction.
2.
Arbitration Option: For any claim (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) where the total amount of the award sought is less than $10,000, the party requesting relief may elect to resolve the dispute in a cost effective manner through binding non-appearance-based arbitration.
In the event a party elects arbitration, they shall initiate such arbitration through an established alternative dispute resolution (“ADR”) provider mutually agreed upon by the parties.
The ADR provider and the parties must comply with the following rules: (a) the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or be solely based on written submissions, the specific manner shall be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration.
(b) the arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties.
and (c) any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
9.
GENERAL TERMS
1.
Severability: If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to be illegal, void, or unenforceable, the unenforceable provision will be modified so as to render it enforceable and effective to the maximum extent possible in order to effect the intention of the provision.
and if a court or arbitrator finds the modified provision invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement will not be affected in any way.
2.
Language: Where Alignable has provided you with a translation of the English language version of this Agreement, the Privacy Policy, and/or any other documentation, you agree that the translation is provided for your convenience only and that the English language versions of this Agreement, the Privacy Policy, and any other documentation, including additional terms of service for Premium Services, will govern your relationship with Alignable.

3.
Notices and Service of Process: In addition to Section B.6 (“6.
Communications from Alignable to You”), we may notify you via postings on
http://www.Alignable.com.
You may contact us
here.
Or via mail or courier at:Alignable CorporationATTN: Legal Department205 Portland StreetBoston, MA 02114Additionally, Alignable accepts service of process at this address.
Any notices that you provide without compliance with this section on Notices shall have no legal effect.

4.
Entire Agreement: You agree that this Agreement constitutes the entire, complete and exclusive agreement between you and us regarding the Services and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether written or oral, or whether established by custom, practice, policy or precedent, with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.
You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use or purchase certain other Alignable services, third-party content or third party software.

5.
Amendments to this Agreement: We reserve the right to modify, supplement or replace the terms of the Agreement, effective upon posting at
http://www.Alignable.com
or notifying you otherwise.
If you do not want to agree to changes to the Agreement, you can terminate this Agreement at any time per Section F (Termination).

6.
No informal waivers, agreements or representations: Our failure to act with respect to a breach of this Agreement by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to that breach or subsequent similar or other breaches.
Except as expressly and specifically contemplated by the Agreement, no representations, statements, consents, waivers or other acts or omissions by any Alignable Affiliate shall be deemed legally binding on any Alignable Affiliate, unless documented in a physical writing hand signed by a duly appointed officer of Alignable.
7.
No Injunctive Relief: In no event shall you seek or be entitled to rescission, injunctive or other equitable relief, or to enjoin or restrain the operation of the Service, exploitation of any advertising or other materials issued in connection therewith, or exploitation of the Services or any content or other material used or displayed through the Services.
8.
Assignment and Delegation: You may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations under the Agreement.
Any purported assignment and delegation shall be ineffective.
We may freely assign or delegate all rights and obligations under the Agreement, fully or partially without notice to you.
We may also substitute, by way of unilateral novation, effective upon notice to you, Alignable Corporation for any third party that assumes our rights and obligations under this Agreement.
9.
Potential Other Rights and Obligations: You may have rights or obligations under local law other than those enumerated here if you are located outside the United States.
10.
CODE OF CONDUCT
As a condition to accessing the Services, you agree to strictly adhere to the following Code of Conduct:
1.
Comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, privacy and anti-spam laws, intellectual property laws, export control laws, tax laws, and regulatory requirements;
2.
Provide complete and accurate information to Alignable and update it as necessary to maintain its accuracy and completeness and compliance with applicable laws;
3.
Read and comply with our Privacy Policy;
4.
Read and comply with notices sent by Alignable concerning the Services;
5.
Use the Services in a professional manner;
6.
Protect sensitive personal information by considering carefully what information about yourself and your business you wish to share with other Users and the general public through your private and public profiles.
7.
Do not act dishonestly or engage in unprofessional behavior by posting inappropriate, inaccurate, or objectionable content to the Service or by using the Service to transmit or make available in any way material which:
1.
Falsely states, impersonates or otherwise misrepresents your identity, including but not limited to the use of a pseudonym, or misrepresenting your current or previous positions and qualifications, or your affiliations with a person or entity, past or present;
2.
Is unlawful, libelous, abusive, obscene, discriminatory or otherwise objectionable;
3.
Adds to a content field content that is not intended for such field (i.e.
submitting a telephone number in the “title” or any other field, or including telephone numbers, email addresses, street addresses or any personally identifiable information for which there is not a field provided by Alignable);
4.
Includes information that you do not have the right to disclose or make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as insider information, or proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
5.
Infringes upon patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights or other proprietary rights;
6.
Includes any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation.
This prohibition includes but is not limited to (a) using Alignable invitations to send messages to people who don’t know you, who have not expressly or otherwise impliedly consented to receive electronic communications from you or who are unlikely to recognize you as a known contact.
(b) using Alignable to connect to people who don’t know you and then sending unsolicited promotional or other electronic communications/messages to those direct connections without their permission.
and (c) sending messages to distribution lists, newsgroup aliases, or group aliases;
7.
Contains software viruses, worms, or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment of Alignable or any User of Alignable.
or
8.
Forges headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any communication transmitted through the Services;
8.
Do not create a false identity or business profile;
9.
Do not use the Services to harass, abuse or harm another person;
10.
Invite other businesses and organizations located nearby that you would like to have in the network;
11.
Do not upload a profile image that is not your likeness or a head-shot photo;
12.
Do not use or attempt to use another User's account without authorization from such User;
13.
Do not use the Services, directly or indirectly, to set up or develop of a network that seeks to implement practices that are similar to sales by network or the recruitment of independent home salespeople to the purposes of creating a pyramid scheme or other similar practices.
14.
Do not duplicate, license, sublicense, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, display, sell, rebrand, or otherwise transfer information available to you through the Services (excluding content posted by you) except as permitted in this Agreement or as expressly authorized by Alignable in compliance with applicable laws.
Use of information, content or any data that you view and/or obtain from the Services to provide any service that Alignable deems to be competitive with the Services is strictly forbidden;
15.
Do not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decipher or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for any underlying intellectual property used to provide the Services, or any part thereof
16.
Do not imply or state, directly or indirectly, that you are affiliated with or endorsed by Alignable unless you have entered into a written agreement with Alignable (this includes, but is not limited to, representing yourself as an accredited Alignable trainer if you have not been certified by Alignable as such);
17.
Do not adapt, modify or create derivative works based on Alignable or technology underlying the Services, or other Users’ content, in whole or part, except as permitted under Alignable’s developer program;
18.
Do not rent, lease, loan, trade, sell/re-sell access to Alignable or any information therein, or the equivalent, in whole or part;
19.
Do not sell, sponsor, or otherwise monetize an Alignable Group or any other service or functionality of the Services, without the express written permission of Alignable.
20.
Do not deep-link to the Site for any purpose, (i.e.
including a link to an Alignable web page other than Alignable’s home page) unless expressly authorized in writing by Alignable
21.
Do not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained in or on the Services, including those of both Alignable and any of its licensors;
22.
Do not remove, cover or otherwise obscure any form of advertisement included in or on the Services;
23.
Do not collect, use, copy, or transfer any information, including, but not limited to, personally identifiable/personal information obtained from Alignable except as expressly permitted in this Agreement or as the owner of such information may expressly permit;
24.
Do not share information of Users or non-Users without their express consent;
25.
Do not infringe or use Alignable’s brand, logos and/or trademarks, including, without limitation, using the word “Alignable” in any business name, email, or URL or including Alignable’s trademarks and logos except as expressly permitted by Alignable;
26.
Do not use manual or automated software, devices, scripts robots, other means or processes to access, “scrape,” “crawl” or “spider” any web pages or other services contained in the site;
27.
Do not use bots or other automated methods to access Alignable, add or download contacts, send or redirect messages, or perform other activities through Alignable, unless explicitly permitted by Alignable;
28.
Do not access, via automated or manual means or processes, the Services for purposes of monitoring the Services’ availability, performance or functionality for any competitive purpose;
29.
Do not engage in “framing,” “mirroring,” or otherwise simulating the appearance or function of Alignable’s website;

30.
Do not attempt to or actually access the Services by any means other than through the interfaces provided by Alignable such as its mobile application or by navigating to
http://www.Alignable.com
using a web browser.
This prohibition includes accessing or attempting to access the Services using any third-party service, including software-as-a-service platforms that aggregate access to multiple services, including the Services.

31.
Do not attempt to or actually override any security component included in or underlying the Services;
32.
Do not engage in any action that directly or indirectly interferes with the proper working of or places an unreasonable load on Alignable’s infrastructure, including, but not limited to, sending unsolicited communications to other Users or Alignable personnel, attempting to gain unauthorized access to the Services, or transmitting or activating computer viruses through or on the Services;
33.
Do not interfere with or disrupt or game Alignable or the Services, including, but not limited to, any servers or networks connected to Alignable, in particular Alignable's search algorithms.
COMPLAINTS REGARDING CONTENT POSTED ON THE ALIGNABLE WEBSITE.
We built Alignable to help you be a more successful business, and to help local businesses succeed.
To achieve this purpose, we require our Users to share truthful and accurate information and not to violate the intellectual property rights of others.
Accordingly, this Agreement requires that information posted by Users be accurate and not in violation of the intellectual property rights, anti-spam legislation or other rights of third parties.
Contact support to submit claims regarding Copyright Infringement.
Alignable complies with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) statutory notice and takedown procedures.
Alignable has designated the following individual with the U.S.
Copyright Office as Alignable’s DMCA agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement:

Theodore A.
Lund
Rich May, P.C.
176 Federal Street, Sixth Floor
Boston, MA 02110
Tel: (617) 556-3826
Email: legal@alignable.com
Fax: (617) 556-3889
Note: For general support or account deactivation requests please contact us here

ALIGNABLE PRIVACY POLICY HIGHLIGHTS
This page summarizes the key highlights from our Privacy Policy.
For more information, read our full Privacy Policy.
1.
Personal information collected
We collect information:
When you register an account to become an Alignable user (“User”), such as your name, e-mail, business, address, country, and a password.
When you purchase Premium Services or other services from Alignable, we collect your payment information.
When you view and interact with Alignable pages, features, and functionality, including Alignable mobile applications, software (like adding to your profile, participating in groups, uploading content, etc.), and platform technology (like “Share on Alignable” buttons or third party applications).
We also collect your IP address, browser type, operating system, mobile carrier, and your ISP, and receive the URLs of sites from which you arrive or leave the Alignable website, or sites that have embedded Alignable platform technology.
Through cookies and other technologies that allow us to recognize you, customize your experience, and serve advertisements both on and off Alignable.
Learn more about cookies, beacons in Sections 1G and 1H, below.
You can opt-out of advertising off Alignable in the Settings tab under My Accounts in the application.
When you interact with third party services available through Alignable like surveys, polls or other third party research undertaken with your consent.
2.
Uses of personal information
We use the information you provide to:
Enable you to share your information and communicate with other Users, or provide your personal details to third parties offering combined services with Alignable;
Administer your account with us and customize the service we provide to you and other Users.
and to
Send you service or promotional communications through email and notices on the Alignable website.
You can control your messaging preferences in the Settings tab under My Accounts in the application.
Connect you to opportunities by enabling other professionals to find you through the Services.
Create and distribute advertising relevant to your or your network’s Alignable experience.
If you share your interactions on Alignable, for example, when you recommend a product, follow a company, establish or update your profile, join a group, etc., Alignable may use these actions to create social ads for your network on Alignable using your profile photo and name.
You can control whether Alignable uses your name and picture in social ads in the Settings tab under My Accounts in the application.
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise provide personally identifiable information to third parties without your consent except where it is necessary to carry out your instructions (to process your payment information, for example) or as described in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy.
Also, we may share information with affiliates to provide the Services.
We also provide you with the means to control whether or not your contact information is viewable to other Users through your profile.
Please note that in order to fulfill your requests for paid services (e.g., Alignable Premium Services), we share your payment information with our payment processor.
3.
Your Information Choices

You can:
Review, enhance or edit your personal information through your business profile page;
Control what information you make available to others in the community through your public profile ;
Choose whether you install or remove any third party applications;
Control whether your profile information is shared with third parties through Developer Applications installed by your connections by clicking here ;
Control the messages you receive from Alignable and other Users ;
Cancel invitations to connect with you on Alignable
Change your settings to control visibility and accessibility through our website;
Control whether Alignable personalizes its professional plugins across the web using your Alignable account here.
Control whether Alignable uses your name and profile photo in social ads .
and
Tell us to close your Alignable account.


Your obligations to other Users.
Do not abuse the Services by using it to spam, abuse, harass, or otherwise violate the Terms of Service.

SECURITY
Personal information you provide will be secured in accordance with industry standards and technology.
Since the internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Alignable.
There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, copied, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications at all times..
HOW TO CONTACT US

If you have questions or comments please send them to us
here 
or contact us at:
Alignable Corporation
Attn: Privacy Policy Issues
205 Portland Street
Boston, MA 02114
 About Testimonials
About Us
Press
Careers
Blog Support Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Code of Conduct
Help Center 






 2019 Alignable, Inc.
All rights reserved.
