 "AT&amp;T" or "we," "us," or "our" refers to AT&amp;T Mobility LLC, acting on behalf of its affiliates doing business as AT&amp;T or other brands owned by AT&amp;T.
"You" or "your" refers to the person or entity that is the customer of record.

PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY TO ENSURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND EACH PROVISION, INCLUDING OUR USE OF YOUR LOCATION INFORMATION (SEE SECTION 3.6).
THIS AGREEMENT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS, AND ALSO LIMITS THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO YOU IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE.

This Agreement, including the AT&amp;T Privacy Policy Located at att.com/privacy, Customer Service Summary, and terms of service for wireless products, features, applications, and services (including content and other AT&amp;T services included with your wireless service) ("Services") not otherwise described herein that are posted on applicable AT&amp;T websites or devices, and any documents expressly referred to herein or therein, make up the complete agreement between you and AT&amp;T and supersede any and all prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.
AT&amp;T's wireless network may provide broadband access to the Internet.
For more information about how AT&amp;T helps transmit information to points on the Internet and how we manage our network, please see the Broadband Information page which can be found at: www.att.com/broadbandinfo.
1.0 TERM COMMITMENT, CHARGES, BILLING AND PAYMENT
1.1 What Is The Term Of My Service? How Can I Fulfill My Service Commitment? What are My Rights to Cancel Service and Terminate My Agreement?
AT&amp;T wireless Service(s) may be used with: (a) a mobile device that contains a SIM that is assigned to your account ("Device") and/or, (b) a device that is designed and purchased for use exclusively on AT&amp;T's network ("Equipment").
Term of Service.
Your Agreement begins on the day we activate your Service(s) and continues through the Term of Service, typically a 12 month or 24 month period ("Service Commitment"), specified on your Customer Service Summary.
At the end of your service commitment, this Agreement will automatically continue on a month-to-month basis.
If your Agreement has no Service Commitment, it is a month-to-month Agreement. Device Activation.
If You purchased a device that was shipped to You, You agree to activate the device within seven (7) days of the shipment date.
If Your device is not activated by You, we may activate the device for You within a month of shipping and Your monthly recurring charges, and any applicable Service Commitment, will begin. Fulfillment of Service Commitment.
You have received certain benefits from us in exchange for your Service Commitment, which may include, but are not limited to, a subsidized wireless device.
There are two alternative ways to fulfill your Service Commitment.
You can pay for the Services described in your Customer Service Summary for the term of your Service Commitment, or you can terminate your Agreement prior to the end of your Service Commitment and pay an Early Termination Fee ("ETF").
The Early Termination Fee is not a penalty, but rather is an alternative means for you to perform your obligations under the Agreement that partially compensates us for the fact that the Service Commitment on which your rate plan is based was not completed. Your Termination Rights.
Within the first 14 days after service activation, you may terminate your Agreement for any reason and not be required to pay an ETF.
If you terminate within three (3) days of accepting the Agreement, AT&amp;T will refund your activation fee, if any.
However, you agree to pay AT&amp;T for all fees, charges, and other amounts incurred and owed under your Agreement, and you agree to return to AT&amp;T any Equipment you purchased from AT&amp;T in connection with your Service Commitment.
If you fail to return this Equipment, you will be charged the difference between the amount you paid AT&amp;T for the Equipment and the amount you would have been charged for the Equipment had you not agreed to a Service Commitment.
AT&amp;T also may charge you a restocking fee for any returned Equipment.
Some dealers may impose additional fees.
After the first 14 days, you may terminate your Agreement for any reason.
However, you agree to pay AT&amp;T for all fees, charges, and other amounts incurred and owed under your Agreement along with the applicable ETF.
The Early Termination Fee is either: (a) $325 or (b) $150.
The ETF reduces each full month of your Service Commitment that you complete.
To determine whether your Equipment has a $325 Early Termination Fee or a $150 Early Termination Fee, and the amount of reduction, check att.com/equipmentETF.
After your Service Commitment ends and you are on a month-to-month Agreement, you may terminate your Agreement at any time with 30 days notice without incurring an ETF.
If you sign a new Agreement before the end of the term of your existing Agreement and terminate that new Agreement within 14 days as allowed above, you agree that you will be bound by the terms and conditions of your existing Agreement including fulfillment of any remaining Service Commitment thereunder.
1.2 What are AT&amp;T's Rights to Cancel My Service(s) and Terminate My Agreement?
AT&amp;T may interrupt, suspend or cancel your Services and terminate your Agreement without advance notice for any reason including, but not limited to, the following:

Any conduct that we believe violates this Agreement or AT&amp;T's Acceptable Use Policy;
Any conduct that involves the use of abusive, derogatory, insulting, threatening, vulgar or similarly unreasonable language or behavior directed at any of our employees or representatives whether it be in person, over the phone, or in writing;
Any abusive use of our network or Services;
You use your Device/Equipment and/or our Services for an unlawful or fraudulent purpose;
You use your Device/Equipment and/or our Services in any way that: (a) is harmful to, interferes with, or negatively affects our network, other customers, or the network of any other provider, (b) is harmful to, interferes with, or negatively affects our Services or operations, (c) infringes intellectual property rights of AT&amp;T or others, (d) results in the publication of threatening, offensive or illegal material, or (e) generates spam or other abusive messaging or calling, a security risk, or a violation of privacy;
You resell our Services either alone or as part of any other good or service;
You fail to make all required payments when due;
Your credit has deteriorated and/or we believe that there is a risk of non-payment;
You refuse to pay any required advance payment or deposit;
We discover that you are underage;
You provide inaccurate or misleading credit information.
or
You modify your device from its manufacturer's specifications.

AT&amp;T's rights under this Section 1.2 are in addition to any specific rights that we reserve in other provisions of this Agreement to interrupt, suspend, modify, or cancel your Services and terminate your Agreement.
After your Service Commitment ends and you are on a month-to-month Agreement, AT&amp;T may terminate your Agreement at any time with 30 days notice.
1.3 Can AT&amp;T Change My Terms And Rates?
We may change any terms, conditions, rates, fees, expenses, or charges regarding your Services at any time.
We will provide you with notice of material changes (other than changes to governmental fees, proportional charges for governmental mandates, roaming rates or administrative charges) either in your monthly bill or separately.
You understand and agree that State and Federal Universal Service Fees and other governmentally imposed fees, whether or not assessed directly upon you, may be increased based upon the government's or our calculations.
IF WE INCREASE THE PRICE OF ANY OF THE SERVICES TO WHICH YOU SUBSCRIBE, BEYOND THE LIMITS SET FORTH IN YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE SUMMARY, OR IF WE MATERIALLY DECREASE THE GEOGRAPHICAL AREA IN WHICH YOUR AIRTIME RATE APPLIES (OTHER THAN A TEMPORARY DECREASE FOR REPAIRS OR MAINTENANCE), WE'LL DISCLOSE THE CHANGE AT LEAST ONE BILLING CYCLE IN ADVANCE (EITHER THROUGH A NOTICE WITH YOUR BILL, A TEXT MESSAGE TO YOUR DEVICE, OR OTHERWISE), AND YOU MAY TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT WITHOUT PAYING AN EARLY TERMINATION FEE OR RETURNING OR PAYING FOR ANY PROMOTIONAL ITEMS, PROVIDED YOUR NOTICE OF TERMINATION IS DELIVERED TO US WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE FIRST BILL REFLECTING THE CHANGE.
If you lose your eligibility for a particular rate plan, we may change your rate plan to one for which you qualify.
1.4 How Will I Receive My Bill? What Charges Am I Responsible For? How Much Time Do I Have To Dispute My Bill?
You will receive an electronic (paperless) bill at AT&amp;T's online account management site unless you tell us you want a paper bill.
You will be given the option to choose electronic billing or paper billing when you purchase service.
Each month we will send you an email notice when your electronic bill is available online.
This will be sent to your official email address on file with AT&amp;T.
You are required to keep your email address current and to notify us immediately of any change in your email address.
You always have the option of switching back to a paper bill by changing your billing preferences at AT&amp;T's online account management site.
You will not receive a paper bill in the mail unless you expressly request one.
You are responsible for paying all charges for or resulting from Services provided under this Agreement, including any activation fee that may apply to each voice or data line.
You will receive monthly bills that are due in full.
IF YOU DISPUTE ANY CHARGES ON YOUR BILL, YOU MUST NOTIFY US IN WRITING AT AT&amp;T BILL DISPUTE, 1025 LENOX PARK, ATLANTA, GA 30319 WITHIN 100 DAYS OF THE DATE OF THE BILL OR YOU'LL HAVE WAIVED YOUR RIGHT TO DISPUTE THE BILL AND TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY LEGAL ACTION RAISING SUCH DISPUTE.
Charges include, without limitation, airtime, roaming, recurring monthly service, activation, administrative, and late payment charges.
regulatory cost recovery and other surcharges.
optional feature charges.
toll, collect call and directory assistance charges.
restoral and reactivation charges.
any other charges or calls billed to your phone number.
and applicable taxes and governmental fees, whether assessed directly upon you or upon AT&amp;T.
To determine your primary place of use ("PPU") and which jurisdiction's taxes and assessments to collect, you're required to provide us with your residential or business street address.
If you don't provide us with such address, or if it falls outside our licensed Services area, we may reasonably designate a PPU within the licensed Services area for you.
You must live and have a mailing address within AT&amp;T's owned network coverage area.

Auto Bill Pay: If you enroll your account for automatic bill payments ("Auto Bill Pay"), you authorized AT&amp;T to charge your debit/credit card or bank account automatically to pay your monthly statements, as well as any unpaid balances and fees if your AT&amp;T service is disconnected.
To cancel your authorization for Auto Bill Pay, you must call 1-800-288-2020.
You should also contact your card issuer or financial institution to advise that you have cancelled your enrollment.
You will lose any promotional credits associated with your account if you opt out from Auto Bill Pay.
1.5 How Does AT&amp;T Calculate My Bill?
Usage and monthly fees will be billed as specified in your customer service summary or rate plan information online.
If the Equipment you order is shipped to you, your Services may be activated before you take delivery of the Equipment so that you can use it promptly upon receipt.
Thus, you may be charged for Services while your Equipment is still in transit.
If, upon receiving your first bill, you have been charged for Services while your Equipment was in transit, you may contact Customer Care 1-800-331-0500 to request a credit.
Except as provided below, monthly Services and certain other charges are billed one month in advance, and there is no proration of such charges if Service is terminated on other than the last day of your billing cycle.
Monthly Service and certain other charges are billed in arrears if you're a former customer of AT&amp;T Wireless and maintain uninterrupted Service on select AT&amp;T rate plans, however, if you elect to receive your bills for your Services combined with your wireline phone bill (where available) you will be billed in advance as provided above.
You agree to pay for all services used with your Device.
AIRTIME AND OTHER MEASURED USAGE ("CHARGEABLE TIME") IS BILLED IN FULL-MINUTE INCREMENTS, AND ACTUAL AIRTIME AND USAGE ARE ROUNDED UP TO THE NEXT FULL-MINUTE INCREMENT AT THE END OF EACH CALL FOR BILLING PURPOSES.
AT&amp;T CHARGES A FULL MINUTE OF AIRTIME USAGE FOR EVERY FRACTION OF THE LAST MINUTE OF AIRTIME USED ON EACH WIRELESS CALL.
UNLESS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN YOUR PLAN, MINUTES WILL BE DEPLETED ACCORDING TO USAGE IN THE FOLLOWING ORDER: NIGHT AND WEEKEND MINUTES, MOBILE TO MOBILE MINUTES, ANYTIME MINUTES AND ROLLOVER, EXCEPT THAT MINUTES THAT ARE PART OF BOTH A LIMITED PACKAGE AND AN UNLIMITED PACKAGE WILL NOT BE DEPLETED FROM THE LIMITED PACKAGE.
Chargeable Time begins for outgoing calls when you press SEND (or similar key) and for incoming calls when a signal connection from the caller is established with our facilities.
Chargeable Time ends after you press END (or similar key), but not until your wireless telephone's signal of call disconnect is received by our facilities and the call disconnect signal has been confirmed.
All outgoing calls for which we receive answer supervision or which have at least 30 seconds of Chargeable Time, including ring time, shall incur a minimum of one minute airtime charge.
Answer supervision is generally received when a call is answered.
however, answer supervision may also be generated by voicemail systems, private branch exchanges, and interexchange switching equipment.
Chargeable Time may include time for us to recognize that only one party has disconnected from the call, time to clear the channels in use, and ring time.
Chargeable Time may also occur from other uses of our facilities, including by way of example, voicemail deposits and retrievals, and call transfers.
Calls that begin in one rate period and end in another rate period may be billed in their entirety at the rates for the period in which the call began.
DATA TRANSPORT OR USAGE IS CALCULATED IN FULL-KILOBYTE INCREMENTS, AND ACTUAL TRANSPORT OR USAGE IS ROUNDED UP TO THE NEXT FULL-KILOBYTE INCREMENT AT THE END OF EACH DATA SESSION FOR BILLING PURPOSES.
AT&amp;T CALCULATES A FULL KILOBYTE OF DATA TRANSPORT/USAGE FOR EVERY FRACTION OF THE LAST KILOBYTE OF DATA TRANSPORT/USAGE USED ON EACH DATA SESSION.
TRANSPORT OR USAGE IS BILLED EITHER BY THE KILOBYTE ("KB") OR MEGABYTE ("MB").
IF BILLED BY MB, THE FULL KBs CALCULATED FOR EACH DATA SESSION DURING THE BILLING PERIOD ARE TOTALED AND ROUNDED UP TO NEXT FULL MB INCREMENT TO DETERMINE BILLING.
IF BILLED BY KB, THE FULL KBs CALCULATED FOR EACH DATA SESSION DURING THE BILLING PERIOD ARE TOTALED TO DETERMINE BILLING.
NETWORK OVERHEAD, SOFTWARE UPDATE REQUESTS, EMAIL NOTIFICATIONS, AND RESEND REQUESTS CAUSED BY NETWORK ERRORS CAN INCREASE MEASURED KILOBYTES.
DATA TRANSPORT/USAGE OCCURS WHENEVER YOUR DEVICE IS CONNECTED TO OUR NETWORK AND IS ENGAGED IN ANY DATA TRANSMISSION, AS DISCUSSED IN MORE DETAIL IN SECTION 6.4.
If you select a rate plan that includes a predetermined allotment of Services (for example, a predetermined amount of airtime, megabytes or messages), unless otherwise specifically provided as a part of such rate plan, any unused allotment of Services from one billing cycle will not carry over to any other billing cycle.
We may bill you in a format as we determine from time to time.
Additional charges may apply for additional copies of your bill, or for detailed information about your usage of Services.

Delayed Billing: Billing of usage for calls, messages, data or other Services (such as usage when roaming on other carriers' networks, including internationally) may occasionally be delayed.
Such usage charges may appear in a later billing cycle, will be deducted from Anytime monthly minutes or other Services allotments for the month when the usage is actually billed, and may result in additional charges for that month.
Those minutes will be applied against your Anytime monthly minutes in the month in which the calls appear on your bill.
You also remain responsible for paying your monthly Service fee if your Service is suspended for nonpayment.
We may require payment by money order, cashier's check, or a similarly secure form of payment at our discretion.
1.6 Are Advance Payments And/Or Deposits Required?
We may require you to make deposits or advance payments for Services, which we may offset against any unpaid balance on your account.
Interest won't be paid on advance payments or deposits unless required by law.
We may require additional advance payments or deposits if we determine that the initial payment was inadequate.
Based on your creditworthiness as we determine it, we may establish a credit limit and restrict Services or features.
If your account balance goes beyond the limit we set for you, we may immediately interrupt or suspend Services until your balance is brought below the limit.
Any charges you incur in excess of your limit become immediately due.
If you have more than one account with us, you must keep all accounts in good standing to maintain Services.
If one account is past due or over its limit, all accounts in your name are subject to interruption or termination and all other available collection remedies.
1.7 What if I fail to pay my AT&amp;T Bill when it is due?
You agree that for each bill not paid in full by the due date, AT&amp;T may charge and you will pay a late payment fee of $5.75.
Restrictive endorsements are void.
You expressly authorize, and specifically consent to allowing, AT&amp;T and/or its outside collection agencies, outside counsel, or other agents to contact you in connection with any and all matters relating to unpaid past due charges billed by AT&amp;T to you.
You agree that, for attempts to collect unpaid past due charges, such contact may be made to any mailing address, telephone number, cellular phone number, e-mail address, or any other electronic address that you have provided, or may in the future provide, to AT&amp;T.
You agree and acknowledge that any e-mail address or any other electronic address that you provide to AT&amp;T is your private address and is not accessible to unauthorized third parties.
For attempts to collect unpaid charges, you agree that in addition to individual persons attempting to communicate directly with you, any type of contact described above may be made using, among other methods, pre-recorded or artificial voice messages delivered by an automatic telephone dialing system, pre-set e-mail messages delivered by an automatic e-mailing system, or any other pre-set electronic messages delivered by any other automatic electronic messaging system.
1.8 What Happens If My Check Bounces?
We'll charge you up to $30 (depending on applicable law) for any check or other instrument (including credit card charge backs) returned unpaid for any reason.
1.9 Are There Business or Government Benefits?
You may receive or be eligible for certain discounts, credits, promotions, and other benefits ("Benefits") through a business or government customer's agreement with us ("Business Agreement").
All such Benefits are provided to you solely as a result of the corresponding Business Agreement, and may be modified or terminated without notice.
You may also be eligible for certain additional rate plans and/or other Services.
Please see http://www.att.com/iru-additional-terms for such Services and the associated additional terms, which are hereby incorporated by reference.
If a business or government entity pays your charges or is otherwise liable for the charges, you authorize us to share your account information with it or its authorized agents.
If you use Service(s) and/or receive certain Benefits tied to a Business Agreement with us, but you're liable for your own charges, then you authorize us to share enough account information with it or its authorized agents to verify your continuing eligibility for those Services or Benefits.
You may receive Benefits because of your agreement to have the charges for your Services, billed ("Joint Billing") by a wireline company affiliated with AT&amp;T ("Affiliate") or because you subscribe to certain services provided by an Affiliate.
If you cancel Joint Billing or the Affiliate service your rates will be adjusted without notice to a rate plan for which you qualify.
1.10 Who Can Access My Account and for What Purpose?
You may add an Authorized/Approved User to Your account.
Doing so authorizes Us to provide the Authorized/Approved User with information about, and access to, Your account.
Authorized/Approved Users include:
(a) A person authorized by You to act on Your behalf with respect to Your account when the person is in a retail store;
(b) A person who calls into customer service and provides sufficient account information.
and
(c) A person who registers for secondary access to Your account in AT&amp;T's online account management system, provides sufficient account information, and has access to a device that is billed to Your account.
Authorized/Approved Users can view Your account and payment information, make changes to the plans under Your account, purchase devices including via financing agreements, add new lines of service, and perform other account functions.
You are responsible for all changes made or actions taken by Authorized/Approved Users.
By taking these actions as Your agent, Authorized/Approved Users authorize Us to perform a credit check on You, share Your credit information between Us and our Affiliates, and obtain a credit report on You from a consumer reporting agency.
You may remove an Authorized/Approved User at any time by contacting Us.
The removal will take effect after we have a reasonable opportunity to process the request.
If You remove an Authorized/Approved User, we recommend that You reset your account passcode and online credentials.
You consent to the use by us or our authorized agents of regular mail, predictive or autodialing equipment, email, text messaging, facsimile or other reasonable means to contact you to advise you about our Services or other matters we believe may be of interest to you.
In any event, we reserve the right to contact you by any means regarding customer service-related notifications, or other such information.
1.11 How will AT&amp;T communicate with me about my Service?
As your wireless carrier, we will need to communicate with you about your Service on occasion.
We and our authorized agents may contact you by: bill message, text message, email, phone call, postal mail, in-app notification, push notification, or by other reasonable means, to advise you about your Service or other matters we believe may be of interest to you.
We and our authorized agents may use any one or a combination of these methods of communication to convey important notices (for example, changes to this Agreement, to your Service, legal notices, etc.).
You expressly consent on behalf of all the wireless lines on your account to all such methods of communication regarding your Service, whether active or inactive.

Email and text messages to your AT&amp;T device are two of the primary methods that we use to contact you.
The email address you provide at the time of ordering or Service activation is the email address we will use to communicate with you.
You can update your email address through myAT&amp;T, using the myAT&amp;T app, or by calling Customer Care at 800.331.0500.
Notices from us to you are considered immediately delivered when we send them to your email address or by text message to your AT&amp;T device.

Bill messages and inserts are another key way we share information with you.
If you have online billing, those notices will be deemed received by you when your online bill is available for viewing.
If you get a paper bill, those notices will be deemed received by you three days after we mail the bill to you.
Please do not overlook the important messages section of your bill.
 2.0 HOW DO I RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH AT&amp;T?
2.1 Dispute Resolution By Binding Arbitration

PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY.
IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS.


Summary:

Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to the customer's satisfaction by calling our customer service department at 1-800-331-0500.
In the unlikely event that AT&amp;T's customer service department is unable to resolve a complaint you may have to your satisfaction (or if AT&amp;T has not been able to resolve a dispute it has with you after attempting to do so informally), we each agree to resolve those disputes through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis.
class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted. For any non-frivolous claim that does not exceed $75,000, AT&amp;T will pay all costs of the arbitration.
Moreover, in arbitration you are entitled to recover attorneys' fees from AT&amp;T to at least the same extent as you would be in court.
In addition, under certain circumstances (as explained below), AT&amp;T will pay you more than the amount of the arbitrator's award and will pay your attorney (if any) twice his or her reasonable attorneys' fees if the arbitrator awards you an amount that is greater than what AT&amp;T has offered you to settle the dispute.
2.2 Arbitration Agreement

AT&amp;T and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us.
This agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:
claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory;
claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);
claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class.
and
claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.

References to "AT&amp;T," "you," and "us" include our respective subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or Devices under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may bring an individual action in small claims court.
This arbitration agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies, including, for example, the Federal Communications Commission.
Such agencies can, if the law allows, seek relief against us on your behalf.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and AT&amp;T are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision.
This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement.

A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written Notice of Dispute ("Notice").
The Notice to AT&amp;T should be addressed to: Office for Dispute Resolution, AT&amp;T, 1025 Lenox Park Blvd., Atlanta, GA 30319 ("Notice Address").
The Notice must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute.
and (b) set forth the specific relief sought ("Demand").
If AT&amp;T and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or AT&amp;T may commence an arbitration proceeding.
During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by AT&amp;T or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which you or AT&amp;T is entitled.
You may download or copy a form Notice and a form to initiate arbitration at att.com/arbitration-forms.
After AT&amp;T receives notice at the Notice Address that you have commenced arbitration, it will promptly reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for greater than $75,000.
(The filing fee currently is $200 for claims under $10,000 but is subject to change by the arbitration provider.
If you are unable to pay this fee, AT&amp;T will pay it directly upon receiving a written request at the Notice Address.) The arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, "AAA Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), as modified by this Agreement, and will be administered by the AAA.
The AAA Rules are available online at adr.org, by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879, or by writing to the Notice Address.
(You may obtain information that is designed for non-lawyers about the arbitration process at att.com/arbitration-information.) The arbitrator is bound by the terms of this Agreement.
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the arbitration provision are for the court to decide.
Unless AT&amp;T and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address.
If your claim is for $10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules.
If your claim exceeds $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules.
Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
Except as otherwise provided for herein, AT&amp;T will pay all AAA filing, administration, and arbitrator fees for any arbitration initiated in accordance with the notice requirements above.
If, however, the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all such fees will be governed by the AAA Rules.
In such case, you agree to reimburse AT&amp;T for all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the AAA Rules.
In addition, if you initiate an arbitration in which you seek more than $75,000 in damages, the payment of these fees will be governed by the AAA rules.
If, after finding in your favor in any respect on the merits of your claim, the arbitrator issues you an award that is greater than the value of AT&amp;T's last written settlement offer made before an arbitrator was selected, then AT&amp;T will:
pay you the amount of the award or $10,000 ("the alternative payment"), whichever is greater.
and
pay your attorney, if any, twice the amount of attorneys' fees, and reimburse any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs) that your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating, preparing, and pursuing your claim in arbitration ("the attorney premium").

If AT&amp;T did not make a written offer to settle the dispute before an arbitrator was selected, you and your attorney will be entitled to receive the alternative payment and the attorney premium, respectively, if the arbitrator awards you any relief on the merits.
The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees, expenses, and the alternative payment and the attorney premium at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator's ruling on the merits.

The right to attorneys' fees and expenses discussed in paragraph (4) supplements any right to attorneys' fees and expenses you may have under applicable law.
Thus, if you would be entitled to a larger amount under the applicable law, this provision does not preclude the arbitrator from awarding you that amount.
However, you may not recover duplicative awards of attorneys' fees or costs.
Although under some laws AT&amp;T may have a right to an award of attorneys' fees and expenses if it prevails in an arbitration, AT&amp;T agrees that it will not seek such an award.
The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim.
YOU AND AT&amp;T AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, unless both you and AT&amp;T agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void.
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, we agree that if AT&amp;T makes any future change to this arbitration provision (other than a change to the Notice Address) during your Service Commitment, you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to the Arbitration Notice Address provided above.
By rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this provision.
2.3 Puerto Rico Customers
For Puerto Rico customers, references to "small claims court" in sections 2.1 and 2.2 should be understood to mean the Puerto Rico Telecommunications Regulatory Board. 3.0 TERMS RELATING TO YOUR DEVICE AND CONTENT
3.1 Your Device
Your Device must be compatible with, and not interfere with, our Services and must comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
We may periodically program your Device remotely with system settings for roaming service, to direct your Device to use network services most appropriate for your typical usage, and other features that cannot be changed manually.
Some device manufacturers will no longer pre-load certain applications into the device memory.
As a result, AT&amp;T may remotely pre-load certain applications to your device at activation and periodically update those applications.
You can delete any application that AT&amp;T remotely pre-loads on your device.
You agree that you won't make any modifications to your Equipment or its programming to enable the Equipment to operate on any other system.
AT&amp;T may, at its sole and absolute discretion, modify the programming to enable the operation of the Equipment on other systems.
If you bought a Device from AT&amp;T, it may have been programmed with a SIM lock which will prevent it from operating with other compatible wireless telephone carriers' services.
If you wish to use this Device with the service of another wireless telephone carrier, you must enter a numeric Unlock Code to unlock the phone.
AT&amp;T will provide the Unlock Code upon request, provided that you meet certain criteria including, but not limited to the following: (a) you have paid for your Device in full.
(b) your account has been active for at least sixty days and is in good standing (i.e.
it has no past due amount or unpaid balance owed AT&amp;T).
(c) you have fulfilled your Service Commitment by expiration of any contractual term, upgrading to a new Device under AT&amp;T's standard or early upgrade policies, or payment of any applicable ETF.
(d) your Device has not been reported lost or stolen.
and (e) AT&amp;T has the Unlock Code or can reasonably obtain it from the manufacturer.
AT&amp;T will unlock a maximum of five phones per account, per year.
For Devices sold with a Prepaid Plan, AT&amp;T will provide you with the Unlock Code upon request if you provide a detailed receipt or other proof of purchase of the phone and AT&amp;T has the Unlock Code or can reasonably obtain it from the manufacturer.
For further details on eligibility requirements and for assistance on obtaining the Unlock Code for your handset, please call 1-800-331-0500 or visit an AT&amp;T company store.
You are solely responsible for complying with U.S.
Export Control laws and regulations and the import laws and regulations of foreign countries when traveling internationally with your Device.
3.2 Where and How Does AT&amp;T Service Work?
AT&amp;T does not guarantee availability of wireless network.
Services may be subject to certain Device and compatibility/limitations including memory, storage, network availability, coverage, accessibility and data conversion limitations.
Services (including without limitation, eligibility requirements, plans, pricing, features and/or service areas) are subject to change without notice.
When outside AT&amp;T's coverage area, access will be limited to information and applications previously downloaded to or resident on your device.
Coverage areas vary between AT&amp;T network technologies.
See coverage map(s), available at store or from your sales representative, for details or the coverage map at www.att.com/coverageviewer.
Actual network speeds depend upon device characteristics, network, network availability and coverage levels, tasks, file characteristics, applications and other factors.
Performance may be impacted by transmission limitations, terrain, in-building/in-vehicle use and capacity constraints.
3.3 What Information, Content, And Applications Are Provided By Third Parties?
Certain information, applications, or other content is provided by independently owned and operated content providers or service providers who are subject to change at any time without notice.
AT&amp;T IS NOT A PUBLISHER OF THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION, APPLICATIONS, OR OTHER CONTENT AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY OPINIONS, ADVICE, STATEMENTS, OR OTHER INFORMATION, SERVICES OR GOODS PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES.
Third-party content or service providers may impose additional charges.
Policies regarding intellectual property, privacy and other policies or terms of use may differ among AT&amp;T's content or service providers and you are bound by such policies or terms when you visit their respective sites or use their services.
It is your responsibility to read the rules or service agreements of each content provider or service provider.
Any information you involuntarily or voluntarily provide to third parties is governed by their policies or terms.
The accuracy, appropriateness, content, completeness, timeliness, usefulness, security, safety, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, transmission or correct sequencing of any application, information or downloaded data is not guaranteed or warranted by AT&amp;T or any content providers or other third party.
Delays or omissions may occur.
Neither AT&amp;T nor its content providers, service providers or other third parties shall be liable to you for any loss or injury arising out of or caused, in whole or in part, by your use of any information, application or content, or any information, application, or other content acquired through the Service.
You acknowledge that every business or personal decision, to some degree or another, represents an assumption of risk, and that neither AT&amp;T nor its content and service providers or suppliers, in providing information, applications or other content or services, or access to information, applications, or other content underwrites, can underwrite, or assumes your risk in any manner whatsoever.
3.4 How Can I Get Mobile Content?
You understand that Devices can be used to acquire or purchase goods, content, and services (including subscription plans) like ring tones, graphics, games, applications and news alerts from AT&amp;T or other companies ("Content").
You understand that you are responsible for all authorized charges associated with such Content from any Device assigned to your account, that these charges will appear on your bill (including charges on behalf of other companies), and that such purchases can be restricted by using parental controls available from an AT&amp;T salesperson, or by calling AT&amp;T.
Any person using any Device assigned to your account to order Content on your account may be deemed to have corresponding authority to consent to the use or disclosure of your account information, including customer proprietary network information (CPNI), to facilitate the processing or provisioning of and/or billing for such Content.
CPNI is information that relates to the quantity, technical configuration, type, destination, location and amount of use of a telecommunications service, and you have the right, and AT&amp;T has the duty under federal law, to protect the confidentiality of CPNI.
You have the right to withhold authorization of this disclosure and use of your CPNI without affecting the provision of any service(s) to which you currently subscribe from AT&amp;T.
You are responsible for reviewing your monthly bills to ensure that all charges for Content are accurate.
Additionally, you have full-time access to your Content purchase transaction history on our website.
You may contest and seek refunds for unauthorized purchases and purchases with which you are not satisfied.
AT&amp;T reserves the right to restrict Content purchases or terminate the account of anyone who seeks refunds on improper grounds or otherwise abuses this Service.
Actual Content may vary based on the Device capabilities.
Content may be delivered in multiple messages.
Content charges are incurred at the stated one-time download rate or subscription rate, plus a per kilobyte or per megabyte default pay per use charge for the Content transport when delivered, unless you have a data plan and such charges appear separately on your bill.
You will be charged each time you download Content.
Data Service charges apply.
3.5 Am I Responsible If Someone Makes A Purchase With My Device?
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, if your Device is used by others to make Content purchases, you are responsible for all such purchases.
If this occurs, you are giving those other users your authority to:

make Content purchases from those Devices, and to incur charges for those Content purchases that will appear on your bill;
give consent required for that Content, including the consent to use that user's location information to deliver customized information to that user's Device.
or
make any representation required for that content, including a representation of the user's age, if requested.

Usage by others can be restricted by use of parental controls or similar features.
Visit att.com/smartlimits to learn more.
3.6 Does AT&amp;T Collect Location-Based Network Performance Information From My Device? Can I Use Location-Based Services With My Device?
AT&amp;T collects information about the approximate location of your Device in relation to our cell towers and the Global Positioning System (GPS).
We use that information, as well as other usage and performance information also obtained from our network and your Device, to provide you with wireless voice and data services, and to maintain and improve our network and the quality of your wireless experience.
We may also use location information to create aggregate data from which your personally identifiable information has been removed or obscured.
Such aggregate data may be used for a variety of purposes such as scientific and marketing research and services such as vehicle traffic volume monitoring.
It is your responsibility to notify users on your account that we may collect and use location information from Devices.
Your Device is also capable of using optional Content at your request or the request of a user on your account, offered by AT&amp;T or third parties that make use of a Device's location information ("Location-Based Services").
Please review the terms and conditions and the associated privacy policy for each Location-Based Service to learn how the location information will be used and protected.
For more information on Location-Based Services, please visit att.com/privacy.
Our directory assistance service (411) may use the location of a Device to deliver relevant customized 411 information based upon the user's request for a listing or other 411 service.
By using this directory assistance service, the user is consenting to our use of that user's location information for such purpose.
This location information may be disclosed to a third party to perform the directory assistance service and for no other purpose.
Such location information will be retained only as long as is necessary to provide the relevant customized 411 information and will be discarded after such use.
Please see our privacy policy at att.com/privacy for additional details.
3.7 What If My Device Is Lost Or Stolen?
If your wireless Device is lost or stolen, you must contact us immediately to report the Device lost or stolen.
You're not liable for charges you did not authorize, but the fact that a call was placed from your Device is evidence that the call was authorized.
Once you report to us that the Device is lost or stolen, you will not be responsible for subsequent charges incurred by that Device.
You can report your Device as lost or stolen and suspend Services without a charge by contacting us at the phone number listed on your bill or at wireless.att.com.
If there are charges on your bill for calls made after the Device was lost or stolen, but before you reported it to us, notify us of the disputed charges and we will investigate.
You may submit documents, statements and other information to show any charges were not authorized.
You may be asked to provide information and you may submit information to support your claim.
We will advise you of the result of our investigation within 30 days.
While your phone is suspended you will remain responsible for complying with all other obligations under this Agreement, including, but not limited to, your monthly fee.
We both have a duty to act in good faith in a reasonable and responsible manner including in connection with the loss or theft of your Device.
(California Customers see Section 11.1 "California: What if there are Unauthorized Charges Billed to My Device?" below.) 4.0 TERMS RELATING TO THE USE AND LIMITATIONS OF SERVICE
4.1 What Are The Limitations On Service And Liability?
Unless prohibited by law, the following limitations of liability apply.
Service may be interrupted, delayed, or otherwise limited for a variety of reasons, including environmental conditions, unavailability of radio frequency channels, system capacity, priority access by National Security and Emergency Preparedness personnel in the event of a disaster or emergency, coordination with other systems, equipment modifications and repairs, and problems with the facilities of interconnecting carriers.
We may block access to certain categories of numbers (e.g., 976, 900, and international destinations) at our sole discretion.
Additional hardware, software, subscription, credit or debit card, Internet access from your compatible PC and/or special network connection may be required and you are solely responsible for arranging for or obtaining all such requirements.
Some solutions may require third party products and/or services, which are subject to any applicable third party terms and conditions and may require separate purchase from and/or agreement with the third party provider.
AT&amp;T is not responsible for any consequential damages caused in any way by the preceding hardware, software or other items/requirements for which you are responsible.
Not all plans or Services are available for purchase or use in all sales channels, in all areas or with all devices.
AT&amp;T is not responsible for loss or disclosure of any sensitive information you transmit.
AT&amp;T's wireless services are not equivalent to wireline Internet.
AT&amp;T is not responsible for nonproprietary services or their effects on devices.
We may, but do not have the obligation to, refuse to transmit any information through the Services and may screen and delete information prior to delivery of that information to you.
There are gaps in service within the Services areas shown on coverage maps, which, by their nature, are only approximations of actual coverage.
WE DO NOT GUARANTEE YOU UNINTERRUPTED SERVICE OR COVERAGE.
WE CANNOT ASSURE YOU THAT IF YOU PLACE A 911 CALL YOU WILL BE FOUND.
AIRTIME AND OTHER SERVICE CHARGES APPLY TO ALL CALLS, INCLUDING INVOLUNTARILY TERMINATED CALLS.
AT&amp;T MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SUITABILITY, ACCURACY, SECURITY, OR PERFORMANCE REGARDING ANY SERVICES, SOFTWARE OR GOODS, AND IN NO EVENT SHALL AT&amp;T BE LIABLE, WHETHER OR NOT DUE TO ITS OWN NEGLIGENCE, for any:

act or omission of a third party;
mistakes, omissions, interruptions, errors, failures to transmit, delays, or defects in the Services or Software provided by or through us;
damage or injury caused by the use of Services, Software, or Device, including use in a vehicle;
claims against you by third parties;
damage or injury caused by a suspension or termination of Services or Software by AT&amp;T.
or
damage or injury caused by failure or delay in connecting a call to 911 or any other emergency service.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if your Service is interrupted for 24 or more continuous hours by a cause within our control, we will issue you, upon request, a credit equal to a pro-rata adjustment of the monthly Service fee for the time period your Service was unavailable, not to exceed the monthly Service fee.
Our liability to you for Service failures is limited solely to the credit set forth above.
Unless prohibited by law, AT&amp;T isn't liable for any indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential losses or damages you or any third party may suffer by use of, or inability to use, Services, Software, or Devices provided by or through AT&amp;T, including loss of business or goodwill, revenue or profits, or claims of personal injuries.
To the full extent allowed by law, you hereby release, indemnify, and hold AT&amp;T and its officers, directors, employees and agents harmless from and against any and all claims of any person or entity for damages of any nature arising in any way from or relating to, directly or indirectly, service provided by AT&amp;T or any person's use thereof (including, but not limited to, vehicular damage and personal injury), INCLUDING CLAIMS ARISING IN WHOLE OR IN PART FROM THE ALLEGED NEGLIGENCE OF AT&amp;T, or any violation by you of this Agreement.
This obligation shall survive termination of your Service with AT&amp;T.
AT&amp;T is not liable to you for changes in operation, equipment, or technology that cause your Device or Software to be rendered obsolete or require modification.
SOME STATES, INCLUDING THE STATE OF KANSAS, DON'T ALLOW DISCLAIMERS OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITS ON REMEDIES FOR BREACH.
THEREFORE, THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
THIS AGREEMENT GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.
4.2 How Can I Use My AT&amp;T Service?
All use of AT&amp;T's wireless network and Services is governed by AT&amp;T's Acceptable Use Policy, which can be found at att.com/AcceptableUsePolicy, as determined solely by AT&amp;T.
AT&amp;T can revise its Acceptable Use Policy at any time without notice by updating this posting.
4.3 Who Is Responsible For Security?
AT&amp;T DOES NOT GUARANTEE SECURITY.
Data encryption is available with some, but not all, Services sold by AT&amp;T.
If you use your Device to access company email or information, it is your responsibility to ensure your use complies with your company's internal IT and security procedures.
4.4 How Can I Use the Software?
The software, interfaces, documentation, data, and content provided for your Equipment as may be updated, downloaded, or replaced by feature enhancements, software updates, system restore software or data generated or provided subsequently by AT&amp;T (hereinafter "Software") is licensed, not sold, to you by AT&amp;T and/or its licensors/suppliers for use only on your Equipment.
Your use of the Software shall comply with its intended purposes as determined by us, all applicable laws, and AT&amp;T's Acceptable Use Policy at att.com/AcceptableUsePolicy.
You are not permitted to use the Software in any manner not authorized by this License.
You may not (and you agree not to enable others to) copy, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, reproduce, attempt to derive the source code of, decrypt, modify, defeat protective mechanisms, combine with other software, or create derivative works of the Software or any portion thereof.
You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute, transfer or sublicense the Software or any portion thereof.
You agree the Software contains proprietary content and information owned by AT&amp;T and/or its licensors/suppliers.
AT&amp;T and its licensors/suppliers reserve the right to change, suspend, terminate, remove, impose limits on the use or access to, or disable access to, the Software at any time without notice and will have no liability for doing so.
You acknowledge AT&amp;T's Software licensors/suppliers are intended third party beneficiaries of this license, including the indemnification, limitation of liability, disclaimer of warranty provisions found in this Agreement.
4.5 How Can I Use Another Carrier's Network (Off-Net Usage)?
4.5.1 Voice
If your use of minutes (including unlimited Services) on other carrier networks ("off-net voice usage") during any two consecutive months exceed your off-net voice usage allowance, AT&amp;T may, at its option, terminate your Services, deny your continued use of other carriers' coverage or change your plan to one imposing usage charges for off-net voice usage.
Your off-net voice usage allowance is equal to the lesser of 750 minutes or 40% of the Anytime Minutes included with your plan.
4.5.2 Data
If you use Data Services on other carriers' wireless networks ("off-net data usage") your data usage may be reduced to 2G speeds.
In addition, if your off-net data usage during any month exceeds your off-net data usage allowance, AT&amp;T may at its option terminate your access to Data Services, deny your continued use of other carriers' coverage, further reduce your off-net data usage speed, or change your plan to one imposing usage charges for off-net data usage.
Your off-net data usage allowance is equal to the lesser of 100 megabytes or 20% of the kilobytes included with your plan.
You may be required to use a Device programmed with AT&amp;T's preferred roaming database.
4.5.3 Messaging
If you use messaging services (including unlimited Services) on other carrier networks ("off-net messaging usage") during any two consecutive months exceed your off-net messaging usage allowance, AT&amp;T may, at its option, terminate your messaging service, deny your continued use of other carriers' coverage or change your plan to one imposing usage charges for off-net messaging usage.
Your off-net messaging usage allowance is equal to the lesser of 3,000 messages or 50% of the messages included with your plan.
4.5.4 Notice
If you exceed your allowances stated above and AT&amp;T determines to suspend or terminate your access, deny your usage of other carrier's coverage, or change your plan to a different plan, AT&amp;T will provide notice and you may terminate this Agreement. 4.6 How Do I Get Service Outside AT&amp;T's Wireless Network (Roaming)?
Services originated or received while outside your plan's included coverage area are subject to roaming charges.
Domestic roaming charges for wireless data or voice Services may be charged with some plans when outside AT&amp;T's wireless network.
International roaming rates apply for any voice, messaging or data usage incurred outside the U.S., Puerto Rico and U.S.
Virgin Islands.
Use of Services when roaming is dependent upon roaming carrier's support of applicable network technology and functionality.
Display on your device may not indicate whether you will incur roaming charges.
Check with roaming carriers individually for support and coverage details.
4.6.1 International Services
Certain eligibility restrictions apply which may be based on service tenure, payment history and/or credit.
Rates are subject to change.
For countries, rates and additional details, see att.com/global.
4.6.1.1 International Long Distance:
International rates apply for calls made and messages sent from the U.S., Puerto Rico and U.S.V.I.
to another country.
Calling or messaging to some countries may not be available.
Calls to wireless numbers and numbers for special services, such as Premium Rated Services, may cost more than calls to wireline numbers.
If a customer calls an overseas wireline number and the call is forwarded to a wireless number, the customer will be charged for a call terminated to a wireless number.
International Long Distance calling rates are charged per minute and apply throughout the same footprint in which the customer's airtime package minutes apply.
4.6.1.2 International Long Distance Text, Picture &amp.
Video Messaging:
Additional charges apply for premium messages and content.
Messages over 300 KBs are billed an additional 50¢/message.
For a complete list of countries, please visit att.com/text2world.
4.6.1.3 International Roaming:
Compatible Device required.
Your plan may include the capability to make and receive calls and texts and use data while roaming internationally.
AT&amp;T, in its sole discretion, may block your ability to use your Device while roaming internationally until eligibility criteria are met.
International roaming rates, which vary by country, apply for all calls placed or received while outside the United States, Puerto Rico and U.S.V.I.
Please consult att.com/global or call 611 from your mobile device or 800-331-0500 for a list of currently available countries and carriers.
All countries may not be available for roaming.
All carriers within available countries may not be available on certain plans or packages.
Availability, quality of coverage and services while roaming are not guaranteed.
When roaming internationally, you will be charged international roaming airtime rates including when incoming calls are routed to voicemail, even if no message is left.
Substantial charges may be incurred if Device is taken out of the U.S.
even if no services are intentionally used.
Billing for international roaming usage may be delayed up to three billing cycles due to reporting between carriers.
Taxes are additional.
If you want to block the ability to make and receive calls or use data functions while roaming internationally, you may request that by calling 1-314-925-6925 (at no charge from your wireless phone).
For AT&amp;T Canada and Mexico Travel Minutes, package and overage rates apply only in Canada or Mexico, and if you remove the package before your monthly bill cycle ends, the included monthly minutes allotment will be reduced proportionately.
4.6.1.4 International Data:
International data rates apply to all data usage outside the U.S., Puerto Rico and U.S.V.I., including accessing cloud-based services to upload/download/stream content.
International data roaming may be reduced to 2G speeds.
Many Devices, including iPhone, transmit and receive data messages without user intervention and can generate unexpected charges when powered "on" outside the United States, Puerto Rico and U.S.V.I.
AT&amp;T may send "alerts" via SMS or email, to notify you of data usage.
These are courtesy alerts.
There is no guarantee you will receive them.
They are not a guarantee of a particular bill limit.
Receipt of Visual Voicemail messages are charged at international data pay-per-use rates unless customer has an international data plan/package, in which case receipt of Visual Voicemail messages decrement Kilobytes included in such plan/package.
4.6.1.5 Data Global Add-Ons and Global Messaging Plans/Packages:
Require that domestic data or messaging capability be in place.
Rates apply only for usage within "roam zone" comprised of select carriers.
Within the roam zone, overage rate applies if you exceed the MBs allotted for any Data Global Add-On or the messages allotted for any Global Messaging Plan/Package.
International roaming pay-per-use rates apply in countries outside the roam zone.
See att.com/globalcountries for current roam zone list.
4.6.1.6 Data Connect Global/North America Plans:
Do not include capability to place a voice call and require a 1 year agreement.
For specific terms regarding international data plans, see Section 6.10.2 of the Wireless Customer Agreement.
4.6.1.7 Cruise Ship Roaming:
Cruise ship roaming rates apply for calls placed or data used while on the ship.
4.6.1.8 International Miscellaneous

Export Restrictions: You are solely responsible for complying with U.S.
Export Control laws and regulations, and the import laws and regulations of foreign countries when traveling internationally with your Device. 5.0 WHAT VOICE SERVICES DOES AT&amp;T OFFER?
5.1 What Are The General Terms That Apply To All AT&amp;T Voice Rate Plans?
You may obtain usage information by calling customer service or using one of our automated systems.
Pricing/Taxes/No Proration: Prices do not include taxes, directory assistance, roaming, Universal Service Fees, and other surcharges.
Final month's charges are not prorated.
Activation Fees: Activation Fee may apply for each new line.
Nights and Weekends: Nights are 9:00 p.m.
to 6:00 a.m.
Weekends are 9:00 p.m.
Friday to 6:00 a.m.
Monday (based on time of day at the cell site or switch providing your Service).
Included long distance calls can be made from the 50 United States, Puerto Rico and U.S.
Virgin Islands to the 50 United States, Puerto Rico, U.S.
Virgin Islands, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands.
Roaming charges do not apply when roaming within the Services area of land-based networks of the 50 United States, Puerto Rico and U.S.
Virgin Islands.
Additional charges apply to Services used outside the land borders of the U.S., Puerto Rico and U.S.
Virgin Islands.
5.2 Voicemail
Unless you subscribe to an Unlimited Voice Plan or are an upstate New York customer subscribing to Enhanced Voicemail, airtime charges apply to calls to your voicemail service, including calls where the caller does not leave a message, because the call has been completed, calls to listen to, send, reply to, or forward messages, or to perform other activities with your voicemail service, including calls forwarded from other phones to your voicemail service.
You are solely responsible for establishing and maintaining security passwords to protect against unauthorized use of your voicemail service.
For information as to the number of voicemail messages you can store, when voicemail messages will be deleted, and other voicemail features, see att.com/wirelessvoicemail.
We reserve the right to change the number of voicemails you can store, the length you can store voicemail messages, when we delete voicemail messages, and other voicemail features without notice.
We may deactivate your voicemail service if you do not initialize it within a reasonable period after activation.
We will reactivate the service upon your request.
See att.com/global for information about using voicemail internationally.
5.3 Voicemail-To-Text (VMTT)
AT&amp;T is not responsible, nor liable for: 1) errors in the conversion of or its inability to transcribe voicemail messages to text/email.
2) lost or misdirected messages.
or, 3) content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, obscene, tortious, or otherwise objectionable.
We do not filter, edit or control voice, text, or email messages, or guarantee the security of messages.
We can interrupt, restrict or terminate VMTT without notice, if your use of VMTT adversely impacts AT&amp;T's network, for example that could occur from abnormal calling patterns or an unusually large number of repeated calls and messages.
or if your use is otherwise abusive, fraudulent, or does not comply with the law.
You are solely responsible for and will comply with all applicable laws as to the content of any text messages or emails you receive from VMTT that you forward or include in a reply to any other person.
You authorize AT&amp;T or a third party working on AT&amp;T's behalf to listen to, and transcribe all or part of a voicemail message and to convert such voicemail message into text/email, and to use voicemail messages and transcriptions to enhance, train and improve AT&amp;T's speech recognition and transcription services, software and equipment.
Charges for VMTT include the conversion of the voicemail message and the text message sent to your wireless device.
Additional charges, however, may apply to receiving email on your wireless device from VMTT, as well as, replying to or forwarding VMTT messages via SMS (text) or email, depending on your plan.
SMS (text messaging) blocking is incompatible with VMTT.
(If you do not have a texting plan on your handset, we add a texting pay per use feature when you add VMTT with text delivery.) If you are traveling outside the U.S.
coverage area, you will incur international data charges for emails received from VMTT, as well as, charges for emails you respond to or forward from VMTT, unless you have an international data plan and the usage falls within the plan's usage limits.
Transcription times cannot be guaranteed.
Customers purchasing email delivery are responsible for providing a correct email address and updating the email address when changes to the email account are made.
If you choose SMS (text) delivery, VMTT only converts the first 480 characters of a voicemail message into text and you will receive up to three text messages of a transcribed message.
The transcription, therefore, may not include the entire voicemail message with SMS delivery.
Adding VMTT will create a new voicemail box and all messages and greetings will be deleted from your current voicemail box.
5.4 Unlimited Voice Services
Unlimited voice Services are provided primarily for reasonably uninterrupted live dialog between two individuals.
If your use of unlimited voice Services for conference calling or call forwarding exceeds 750 minutes per month, AT&amp;T may, at its option, terminate your Service or change your plan to one with no unlimited usage components.
AT&amp;T may, in its sole discretion, terminate your Service or change your plan to one with no unlimited voice usage if it reasonably determines or has a reasonable basis to believe that you are engaged in any of the following prohibited activities: (1) maintaining an open line of communication to provide dispatch or monitoring services.
(2) accessing or providing access to multi-party chat line services.
(3) using the Service with a SIM box or SIM server network to generate or simulate voice calls.
(4) transmitting broadcasts.
(5) transmitting pre-recorded materials.
(6) telemarketing.
(7) initiating autodialed calls.
(8) initiating any other calls or connections that are not for the purposes of reasonably uninterrupted live dialog between individuals.
(9) using the Service for any fraudulent purpose.
(10) reselling or rebilling the Service either alone or as part of any other good or service.
or (11) any abusive use of our network or Services.
5.5 Caller ID
Your caller identification information (such as your name and phone number) may be displayed on the Device or bill of the person receiving your call.
technical limitations may, in some circumstances, prevent you from blocking the transmission of caller identification information.
Contact customer service for information on blocking the display of your name and number.
Caller ID blocking is not available when using Data Services, and your wireless number is transmitted to Internet sites you visit.
5.6 Rollover® Minutes
If applicable to your plan, Rollover Minutes accumulate and expire through 12 rolling bill periods.
Bill Period 1 (activation) unused Anytime Minutes will not carry over.
Bill Period 2 unused Anytime Minutes will begin to carry over.
Rollover Minutes accumulated starting with Bill Period 2 will expire each bill period as they reach a 12-bill-period age.
Rollover Minutes will also expire immediately upon default or if customer changes to a non-Rollover plan.
If you change plans (including the formation of a FamilyTalk plan), or if an existing subscriber joins your existing FamilyTalk plan, any accumulated Rollover Minutes in excess of your new plan or the primary FamilyTalk line's included Anytime Minutes will expire.
Rollover Minutes are not redeemable for cash or credit and are not transferable.
If you change to non-AT&amp;T Unity plans with Rollover Minutes (including the formation of a FamilyTalk plan) any accumulated Rollover Minutes in excess of your new non-AT&amp;T Unity plan or the primary non-AT&amp;T Unity FamilyTalk line's included Anytime Minutes will expire.
5.7 Mobile To Mobile Minutes
If applicable to your plan, Mobile to Mobile Minutes may be used when directly dialing or receiving calls from any other AT&amp;T wireless phone number from within your calling area.
Mobile to Mobile Minutes may not be used for interconnection to other networks.
Calls to AT&amp;T voicemail and return calls from voicemail are not included.
5.8 Family Talk® Plan
If applicable to your plan, FamilyTalk may require up to a two-year Service Commitment for each line.
FamilyTalk plans include only package minutes included with the primary number, and minutes are shared by the additional lines.
The rate shown for additional minutes applies to all minutes in excess of the Anytime Minutes.
FamilyTalk requires two lines.
If the rate plan for the primary number is changed to an ineligible plan or the primary number is disconnected, one of the existing additional lines shall become the primary number on the rate plan previously subscribed to by the former primary number.
if only one line remains, it shall be converted to the closest single line rate.
5.9 A-List®

A-List is available only with select Nation, FamilyTalk and Unity plans.
Nation Plan and Individual Subscribers can place/receive calls to/from up to 5 (and FamilyTalk subscribers can place/receive calls to/from up to 10) wireline or wireless telephone numbers without being charged for airtime minutes.
All qualifying lines on a FamilyTalk account share the same 10 A-List numbers.
Only standard domestic wireline or wireless numbers may be added and A-List is only for domestic calls.
Directory assistance, 900 numbers, chat lines, pay per call numbers, customer's own wireless or Voice Mail access numbers, numbers for call routing services and call forwarding services from multiple phones, and machine to machine numbers are not eligible.
Depending on the PBX system, a private telephone system often serving businesses, AT&amp;T may not be able to determine if your selected PBX A-List number is calling/receiving calls from your wireless number and airtime charges could apply.
Forwarded calls will be billed based on the originating number, not the call forwarding number, and airtime charges may apply.
Only voice calling is eligible.
A-List number selections may only be managed online via MyWireless Account.
Selected telephone numbers do not become active until 24 hours after added.
AT&amp;T reserves the right to block any A-List number and to reduce the amount of telephone numbers that can be used for A-List without notice.
A-List is not eligible on Save/Promotional Plans.
5.10 AT&amp;T Viva Mexico℠ ("Mexico Plan") &amp.
AT&amp;T Nation®/FamilyTalk® With Canada ("Canada Plan")
Certain eligibility requirements apply.
Anytime Minutes and Night and Weekend Minutes between Mexico and your U.S.
wireless coverage area if you subscribe to the Mexico Plan, or Canada and your U.S.
wireless coverage area if you subscribe to the Canada Plan, will be treated for billing purposes as calls to and from your U.S.
wireless coverage area.
Calls made from or received in Mexico and Canada cannot exceed your monthly off-net usage allowance (the lesser of 750 min./mo.
or 40% of your Anytime Minutes/mo.) in any two consecutive months.
Calls made from or received in Mexico and Canada will not qualify as Mobile to Mobile Minutes.
Special rates apply for data usage in Mexico and Canada.
International long distance text, instant, picture and video messaging rates apply to messaging from the U.S.
to Mexico and Canada and international roaming rates apply when such messages are sent from Mexico and Canada.
International Roaming charges apply when using voice and data Services outside Mexico and your U.S.
wireless coverage area if you subscribe to the Mexico Plan, and Canada and your U.S.
wireless coverage area, if you subscribe to the Canada Plan.
International long distance charges apply when calling to areas outside Mexico and your U.S.
wireless coverage area if you subscribe to the Mexico Plan, and Canada and your U.S.
wireless coverage area if you subscribe to the Canada Plan.
Anytime Minutes are primarily for live dialog between two people.
You may not use your Services other than as intended by AT&amp;T and applicable law.
Plans are for individual, non-commercial use only and are not for resale.
Unlimited Microcell Calling feature cannot be used on accounts with Viva Mexico and Nation Canada calling plans.
5.11 AT&amp;T Unity℠ And AT&amp;T Unity℠-FamilyTalk® Plans Requirements
5.11.1 Eligibility Requirements:
AT&amp;T local and wireless combined bill required.
For residential customers, qualifying AT&amp;T local plan from AT&amp;T required.
For business customers, qualifying AT&amp;T local service plan required.
Specific AT&amp;T Services that qualify vary by location.
see att.com or call 1-800-288-2020.
Certain business accounts are not eligible for Unity plans.
Discounts on any other combined-bill wireless plans will be lost if an AT&amp;T Unity plan is added to your combined bill.
If an existing wireless plan is upgraded to an AT&amp;T Unity plan, all discounts and promotions will be lost when subscribing to that plan.
5.11.2 AT&amp;T Unity℠ Minutes:
AT&amp;T Unity Calling Minutes may be used when directly dialing or receiving calls from any other eligible AT&amp;T wireline or wireless phone number from within your calling area.
Calls to AT&amp;T voicemail and return calls from voicemail not included.
AT&amp;T Unity Minutes are not included when checking usage for the current billing period. 5.12 VoiceDial Services
Regular airtime charges apply.
Mobile to Mobile Minutes do not apply.
Calls to 911, 411, 611, 711 and international dialing cannot be completed with VoiceDial Services.
Caller ID cannot be blocked.
Caller ID will be delivered on calls, even if you have permanently blocked your name and number.
For complete terms and conditions, see att.com/voicedial.
5.13 AT&amp;T Messaging Unlimited with Mobile to Any Mobile Calling Feature
Available only with select Nation, FamilyTalk, and BusinessTalk plans and can be discontinued at anytime.
Messaging Unlimited Plan required.
Mobile to Any Mobile minutes only apply when you directly dial another U.S.
mobile number or directly receive a call from another U.S.
mobile phone number from within your calling area in the U.S., Puerto Rico, or U.S.V.I.
Mobile to Any Mobile is not available with the AT&amp;T Viva Mexico or AT&amp;T Nation/FamilyTalk with Canada plans.
Calls made through Voice Connect, calls to directory assistance, and calls to voicemail and return calls from voicemail are not included.
Only numbers included in the wireless number database that AT&amp;T uses will be treated as a call to a mobile number or a call received from a mobile number.
So for example, Type 1 numbers belonging to other carriers and not included in the industry wireless LNP database, and numbers for which ports to wireless service have not yet completed, will not be treated as a call to a mobile number or a call received from a mobile number.
Also calls made to and calls received from mobile toll-free numbers, mobile chat lines, mobile directory assistance, calling applications, numbers for call routing and call forwarding services, and machine to machine numbers are not included. 6.0 WHAT DATA AND MESSAGING SERVICES DOES AT&amp;T OFFER?
6.1 What Are The General Terms That Apply To All Data And Messaging Plans?
AT&amp;T provides wireless data and messaging Services, including but not limited to, features that may be used with Data Services and wireless content and applications ("Data Services").
The absolute capacity of the wireless data network is limited.
consequently, Data Services may only be used for permitted activities.
Pricing and data allowances for Data Services are device dependent and based on the capabilities and capacity of each Device.

For Data Services with a monthly megabyte (MB) or gigabyte (GB) data allowance, once you exceed your monthly data allowance you will be automatically charged for overage as specified in the applicable rate plan.
All data allowances, including overages, must be used in the billing period in which the allowance is provided.
Unused data allowances will not roll over to subsequent billing periods.

AT&amp;T data plans are designed for use with only one of the following distinct Device types: (1) Smartphones, (2) basic and Quick Messaging phones, (3) tablets, (4) LaptopConnect cards, (5) stand-alone Mobile Hotspot devices, and (6) Home Bases.
A data plan designated for one type of device may not be used with another type of device.
For example, a data plan designated for use with a basic phone or a Smartphone may not be used with a LaptopConnect card, tablet, or stand-alone Mobile Hotspot device, by tethering devices together, by SIM card transfer, or any other means.
A data tethering plan, however, may be purchased for an additional fee to enable tethering on a compatible device.
An Activation Fee may apply for each data line.
Consumer data plans do not allow access to corporate email, company intranet sites, and other business applications.
Access to corporate email, company intranet sites, and/or other business applications requires an applicable Enterprise Data plan.
Enterprise Email requires an eligible data plan and Device.
Terms may vary depending on selected Enterprise Email solution.
AT&amp;T RESERVES THE RIGHT TO TERMINATE YOUR DATA SERVICES WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, UPON EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION OF YOUR WIRELESS CUSTOMER AGREEMENT.
6.2 What Are The Intended Uses Of AT&amp;T's Wireless Data Service?
AT&amp;T's wireless data network is a shared resource, which AT&amp;T manages for the benefit of all of its customers so that they can enjoy a consistent, high-quality mobile broadband experience and a broad range of mobile Internet services, applications and content.
However, certain activities and uses of the network by an individual customer or small group of customers can negatively impact the use and enjoyment of the network by others.
Therefore, certain activities and uses of AT&amp;T's wireless data service are permitted and others are prohibited.
The terms and conditions of your use of AT&amp;T's wireless data service are set forth below.

Permitted Activities. AT&amp;T's wireless data services are intended to be used for the following permitted activities: (i) web browsing.
(ii) email.
and (iii) intranet access if permitted by your rate plan (for example, access to corporate intranets, email, and individual productivity applications like customer relationship management, sales force, and field service automation).
(d) uploading and downloading applications and content to and from the Internet or third-party application stores, and (e) using applications and content without excessively contributing to network congestion.
You agree to use AT&amp;T's wireless data services only for these permitted activities.

Prohibited Activities: AT&amp;T's wireless data services are not intended to be used in any manner which has any of the following effects and such use is prohibited if it: (a) conflicts with applicable law, (b) hinders other customers' access to the wireless network, (c) compromises network security or capacity, (d) excessively and disproportionately contributes to network congestion, (e) adversely impacts network service levels or legitimate data flows, (f) degrades network performance, (g) causes harm to the network or other customers, (h) is resold either alone or as part of any other good or service, (i) tethers a wireless device to a computing device (such as a computer, Smartphone, eBook or eReader, media player, laptop, or other devices with similar functions) through use of connection kits, applications, devices or accessories (using wired or wireless technology) and you have not subscribed to a specific data plan designed for this purpose, or (j) there is a specific data plan required for a particular use and you have not subscribed to that plan.
The following specific uses of AT&amp;T's wireless data service are prohibited:

AT&amp;T's wireless data services may not be used in any manner that defeats, obstructs or penetrates, or attempts to defeat, obstruct or penetrate the security measures of AT&amp;T's wireless network or systems, or another entity's network or systems.
that accesses, or attempts to access without authority, the accounts of others.
or that adversely affects the ability of other people or systems to use either AT&amp;T's wireless services or other parties' Internet-based resources.
For example, this includes, but is not limited to, malicious software or "malware" that is designed, intentionally or unintentionally, to infiltrate a network or computer system such as spyware, worms, Trojan horses, rootkits, and/or crimeware.
"denial of service" attacks against a network host or individual user.
and "spam" or unsolicited commercial or bulk email (or activities that have the effect of facilitating unsolicited commercial email or unsolicited bulk e-mail).
AT&amp;T's wireless data services may not be used in any manner that has the effect of excessively contributing to network congestion, hindering other customers' access to the network, or degrading network performance by maintaining a sustained and continuous wireless data service connection or active wireless Internet connection.
For example, this includes, but is not limited to, server devices or host computer applications such as continuous Web camera posts or broadcasts, automatic data feeds, or automated machine-to-machine connections.
"auto-responders," "cancel-bots," or similar automated or manual routines that generate excessive amounts of traffic or that disrupt user groups or email use by others.
use of the service as a substitute or backup for private lines or full-time or dedicated data connections.
peer-to-peer (P2P) file sharing services.
and software or other devices that maintain continuous active Internet connections when a connection would otherwise be idle or any "keep alive" functions, unless they adhere to AT&amp;T data retry requirements (as may be modified from time to time).
AT&amp;T's wireless data services also may not be used with high bandwidth applications, services and content that are not optimized to work with AT&amp;T's wireless data services and, therefore disproportionately and excessively contribute to network congestion.
This includes, but is not limited to, redirecting television signals for viewing on computing devices, web broadcasting, and/or the operation of servers, telemetry devices, or supervisory control and data acquisition devices, unless they meet AT&amp;T's wireless data services optimization requirements.

You agree not to use AT&amp;T's wireless data services for any of these prohibited activities.

AT&amp;T's Rights to Ensure Compliance. You agree that AT&amp;T has the right to take any and all actions necessary to enforce this Section 6.2 if you use AT&amp;T's wireless data services in any manner that is prohibited, including, but not limited to, the following actions:

AT&amp;T may modify, without advance notice, the permitted and prohibited activities, and the optimization requirements for your wireless data services;
AT&amp;T may engage in any reasonable network management practice to enhance customer service, to reduce network congestion, to adapt to advances and changes in technology, and/or to respond to the availability of wireless bandwidth and spectrum;
AT&amp;T may reduce your data throughput speeds at any time or place if your data usage exceeds an applicable, identified usage threshold during any billing cycle.
AT&amp;T will provide you with advance notice of the usage threshold applicable to your data plan, or any changes to the applicable usage threshold either by a bill insert, email, text message or other appropriate means;
AT&amp;T may use reasonable methods to monitor and collect customer usage information to better optimize the operation of the network.
Details concerning the information that AT&amp;T collects about its customers, and how it uses and protects that information are addressed in the AT&amp;T Privacy Policy (see att.com/privacy);
If you are an AT&amp;T unlimited data plan customer, AT&amp;T may migrate you from the unlimited data plan to a tiered data plan and bill you the appropriate monthly fees.
We will provide you with notice of this change at least one billing cycle in advance either by a bill insert, email, text message, or other appropriate means;
AT&amp;T may interrupt, suspend, cancel or terminate your wireless data services without advance notice.


Unlimited Data Customers. If you are an AT&amp;T unlimited data plan customer, you agree that "unlimited" means you pay a fixed monthly charge for wireless data service regardless of how much data you use.
You further agree that "unlimited" does not mean that you can use AT&amp;T's wireless data service in any way that you choose or for any prohibited activities, and that if you use your unlimited data plan in any manner that is prohibited, AT&amp;T can limit, restrict, suspend or terminate your data service or switch you to a tiered data plan.
6.3 What Are The Voice And Data Plan Requirements?
A voice plan is required on all voice-capable Devices, unless specifically noted otherwise in the terms governing your plan.
An eligible tiered pricing data plan is required for certain Devices, including iPhones and other designated Smartphones.
Eligible voice and tiered pricing data plans cover voice and data usage in the U.S.
and do not cover International voice and data usage and charges.
If it is determined that you are using a voice-capable Device without a voice plan, or that you are using an iPhone or designated Smartphone without an eligible voice and tiered data plan, AT&amp;T reserves the right to switch you to the required plan or plans and bill you the appropriate monthly fees.
In the case of the tiered data plan, you will be placed on the data plan which provides you with the greatest monthly data usage allowance.
If you determine that you do not require that much data usage in a month, you may request a lower data tier at a lower monthly recurring fee.
6.4 How Does AT&amp;T Calculate My Data Usage/Billing?
DATA TRANSPORT/USAGE OCCURS WHENEVER YOUR DEVICE IS CONNECTED TO OUR NETWORK AND IS ENGAGED IN ANY DATA TRANSMISSION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: (i) SENDING OR RECEIVING EMAIL, DOCUMENTS, OR OTHER CONTENT, (ii) ACCESSING WEBSITES, OR (iii) DOWNLOADING AND USING APPLICATIONS.
SOME APPLICATIONS, CONTENT, PROGRAMS, AND SOFTWARE THAT YOU DOWNLOAD OR THAT COMES PRE-LOADED ON YOUR DEVICE AUTOMATICALLY AND REGULARLY SEND AND RECEIVE DATA TRANSMISSIONS IN ORDER TO FUNCTION PROPERLY, WITHOUT YOU AFFIRMATIVELY INITIATING THE REQUEST AND WITHOUT YOUR KNOWLEDGE.
FOR EXAMPLE, APPLICATIONS THAT PROVIDE REAL-TIME INFORMATION AND LOCATION-BASED APPLICATIONS CONNECT TO OUR NETWORK, AND SEND AND RECEIVE UPDATED INFORMATION SO THAT IT IS AVAILABLE TO YOU WHEN YOU WANT TO ACCESS IT.
IN ADDITION, ANY ADVERTISEMENTS OR ADVERTISER-RELATED MESSAGES OR DATA DELIVERED TO YOUR DEVICE, EVEN IF DELIVERED TO AN APPLICATION, AS WELL AS ANY MESSAGES OR CONTENT THAT INITIATE IN RESPONSE TO AN ADVERTISEMENT, WILL COUNT TOWARD YOUR DATA USAGE.
YOU WILL BE BILLED FOR ALL DATA TRANSPORT AND USAGE WHEN YOUR DEVICE IS CONNECTED TO OUR NETWORK, INCLUDING THAT WHICH YOU AFFIRMATIVELY INITIATE OR THAT WHICH RUNS AUTOMATICALLY IN THE BACKGROUND WITHOUT YOUR KNOWLEDGE, AND WHETHER SUCCESSFUL OR NOT.
A DATA SESSION INITIATED ON THE AT&amp;T NETWORK WILL CONTINUE ITS CONNECTION OVER THE AT&amp;T NETWORK UNTIL THE DATA TRANSMISSION IS CONCLUDED, EVEN WHEN YOU CONNECT TO A WI-FI NETWORK DURING THE TRANSMISSION.
Unless designated for International or Canada use, prices and included use apply to access and use on AT&amp;T's wireless network and the wireless networks of other companies with which AT&amp;T has a contractual relationship within the United States and its territories (Puerto Rico and the U.S.
Virgin Islands), excluding areas within the Gulf of Mexico.
Usage on networks not owned by AT&amp;T is limited as provided in your data plan.
Charges will be based on the location of the site receiving and transmitting service and not the location of the subscriber.
Mobile Broadband and 4G access requires a compatible device.
Data Service charges paid in advance for monthly or annual Data Services are nonrefundable.
Some Data Services may require an additional monthly subscription fee and/or be subject to additional charges and restrictions.
Prices do not include taxes, directory assistance, roaming, universal services fees or other surcharges.
In order to assess your usage during an applicable billing period, you may obtain approximate usage information by calling customer service or using one of our automated systems.
6.5 Text Messaging And Picture/Video Messaging
If you do not enroll in a monthly recurring plan for messaging, data, or Video Share, you may have access to messaging, data, and video share services and be charged on a pay-per-use basis if you use those services.
Messages are limited to 160 characters per message.
Premium text and picture/video messages are charged at their stated rates.
Standard rates apply to all incoming messages when in the U.S.
Different, non-standard per message charges apply to international messages sent from the U.S.
Text, Picture, and Video messages are charged when sent or received, whether read or unread, solicited or unsolicited.
AT&amp;T does not guarantee delivery of messages.
Text, Picture, and Video messages, including downloaded content, not delivered within 3 days will be deleted.
AT&amp;T reserves the right to change this delivery period as needed without notification.
You are charged for each part of messages that are delivered to you in multiple parts.
Picture/Video Messaging, data plan, and Text Messaging may need to be provisioned on an account in order to use Picture/Video Messaging.
Some elements of Picture/Video messages may not be accessible, viewable, or heard due to limitations on certain wireless phones, PCs, or e-mail.
AT&amp;T reserves the right to change the Picture/Video message size limit at any time without notification.
Picture/Video Messaging pricing is for domestic messages only.
When a single message is sent to multiple recipients, the sender is charged for one message for each recipient and each recipient is charged for the message received.
Text message notifications may be sent to non-Picture/Video Messaging subscribers if they subscribe to Text Messaging.
You may receive unsolicited messages from third parties as a result of visiting Internet sites, and a per-message charge may apply whether the message is read or unread, solicited or unsolicited.
You agree you will not use our messaging services to send messages that contain advertising or a commercial solicitation to any person or entity without their consent.
You will have the burden of proving consent with clear and convincing evidence if a person or entity complains you did not obtain their consent.
Consent cannot be evidenced by third party lists you purchased or obtained.
You further agree you will not use our messaging service to send messages that: (a) are bulk messages (b) are automatically generated.
(c) can disrupt AT&amp;T's network.
(d) harass or threaten another person (e) interfere with another customer's use or enjoyment of AT&amp;T's Services.
(f) generate significant or serious customer complaints, (g) that falsify or mask the sender/originator of the message.
or (h) violate any law or regulation.
AT&amp;T reserves the right, but is not obligated, to deny, disconnect, suspend, modify and/or terminate your messaging service or messaging services with any associated account(s), or to deny, disconnect, suspend, modify and/or terminate the account(s), without notice, as to anyone using messaging services in any manner that is prohibited.
Our failure to take any action in the event of a violation shall not be construed as a waiver of the right to enforce such terms, conditions, or policies.
Advertising and commercial solicitations do not include messaging that: (a) facilitates, completes, or confirms a commercial transaction where the recipient of such message has previously agreed to enter into with the sender of such message.
or (b) provides account information, service or product information, warranty information, product recall information, or safety or security information with respect to a commercial product or service used or purchased by the recipient of such message.
6.6 Unlimited Messaging
Unlimited Messaging Plans or plans with unlimited messaging include only AT&amp;T's Short Messaging Service (SMS) and Multimedia Messaging Service (MMS) and not any other messaging services or applications.
Messages are intended for direct communication between phones and must originate from your phone.
Messages sent to tablets, laptops, or other connected devices are excluded from Unlimited Messaging Plans or plans including unlimited messaging.
Messages sent through applications may incur data charges.
We may terminate or restrict your messaging Service for tethered messaging, excessive use or misuse.
6.7 Mobile Email
Requires e-mail account with compatible internet service provider and a downloaded or preloaded e-mail application for the wireless device.
Access and use of Mobile Email is billed by total volume of data sent and received (in kilobytes) in accordance with your data plan.
E-mail attachments cannot be sent, downloaded, read, or forwarded on the mobile device.
Only a paper clip icon appears indicating an attachment.
You must view attachments from your PC.
Upgrades to the application may be required in order to continue to use the Service.
Wireless data usage charges will apply for downloading the application and any upgrades.
6.8 Mobile Video
Compatible Phone and eligible data plan required.
Service not available outside AT&amp;T's Mobile Broadband and 4G coverage areas.
Premium content is charged at stated monthly subscription rates or at stated pay per view rates.
Content rotates and is subject to withdrawal.
Mobile Video is for individual use, not for resale, commercial purposes or public broadcast.
Content can only be displayed on the device screen.
No content may be captured, downloaded, forwarded, duplicated, stored, or transmitted.
The content owner reserves and owns all content rights.
All trademarks, service marks, logos, and copyrights not owned by AT&amp;T are the property of their owners.
Some Mobile Video content is intended for mature audiences and may be inappropriate for younger viewers.
Parental guidance suggested.
Use Parental Controls to restrict access to mature content.
Content may be provided by independent providers, and AT&amp;T is not responsible for their content.
Providers may collect certain information from your use for tracking and managing content usage.
6.9 AT&amp;T Wi-Fi Services

AT&amp;T Wi-Fi service use with a Wi-Fi capable wireless device is subject to the Terms of Services &amp.
Acceptable Use Policy ("Terms") found at att.com/attwifitosaup.
Your use represents your agreement to those Terms, incorporated herein by reference. AT&amp;T Wi-Fi Basic service is available at no additional charge to wireless customers with select Wi-Fi capable devices and a qualified data rate plan.
Other restrictions may apply.
6.10 DataConnect Plans
6.10.1 What Are the General Terms that Apply to All DataConnect Plans?
A voice plan is not required with DataConnect plans.
We may, at our discretion, suspend your account if we believe your data usage is excessive, unusual or is better suited to another rate plan.
If you are on a data plan that does not include a monthly MB/GB allowance and additional data usage rates, you agree that AT&amp;T has the right to impose additional charges if you use more than 5 GB in a month.
provided that, prior to the imposition of any additional charges, AT&amp;T shall provide you with notice and you shall have the right to terminate your Data Service.
6.10.2 Data Global Add-On/DataConnect Global Plans/DataConnect North America Plans
Available countries, coverage and participating international carriers included in the "Select International Roam Zone" and "Select Canada/Mexico Roam Zone" vary from our generally available Canada/international wireless data roam zones and may not be as extensive.
The Select International Roam Zone is restricted to select international wireless carrier(s).
Select Canada/Mexico Roam Zone is restricted to select wireless carrier(s) and coverage areas within Canada and Mexico.
See att.com/dataconnectglobal for a current list of participating carriers and eligible roam zones.
With respect to the countries included in the Select International Roam Zone, you will be restricted from accessing Data Service through any non-participating Canada/international wireless carriers that may otherwise be included in our generally available Canada and international wireless data roam zones.
With the DataConnect North America Plan, you will be restricted from accessing Data Service through any non-participating Canada/Mexico wireless carriers that may otherwise be included in our generally available Canada and international wireless data roam zones.
DATA GLOBAL ADD-ON- May only be used with eligible Equipment.
Domestic data usage not included.
Qualified domestic wireless data plan required.
If combined with a wireless voice plan that includes international voice roaming, your international wireless voice roaming in countries included in the Global Data Add-On's Select International Roam Zone will be limited to the participating Canada/international wireless carriers and you will be restricted from voice roaming through any non-participating Canada/international wireless carriers that may otherwise be included in our generally available Canada and international voice roam zones.
DATACONNECT GLOBAL/NORTH AMERICA PLANS - Requires minimum one-year Service Commitment and you must remain on the plan, for a minimum one-year term.
Voice access is restricted and prohibited. 6.11 AT&amp;T DataPlus℠/AT&amp;T DataPro℠ Plans
6.11.1 AT&amp;T Data Plans With Tethering
Tethering is a wireless or wired method in which your AT&amp;T mobile device is used as a modem or router to provide a Internet Access connection to other devices, such as laptops, netbooks, tablets, smartphones, other phones, USB modems, network routers, mobile hotspots, media players, gaming consoles, and other data-capable devices.
AT&amp;T data plans with tethering enabled may be used for tethering your AT&amp;T Mobile device to other devices.
If you are on a data plan that does not include a monthly megabyte allowance and additional data usage rates, you agree that AT&amp;T has the right to impose additional charges if you use more than 5 GB in a month.
prior to the imposition of any additional charges, AT&amp;T shall provide you with notice and you shall have the right to terminate your Service (early termination charges may apply).
6.11.2 Blackberry® Personal
Supports personal email access to up to 10 Internet email accounts.
Users storing more than 1,000 emails or email older than 30 days, may have some emails automatically deleted.
May not be used to access corporate email such as BlackBerry Enterprise Server.
6.11.3 Blackberry® Connect.
Blackberry Enterprise.
Blackberry International
Supports BlackBerry Enterprise Server™ for corporate access (valid Client Access License required), and personal email access to up to 10 Internet email accounts as per BlackBerry Personal.
BlackBerry International requires a minimum one-year agreement. 6.12 GOOD Plan
Requires compatible Good Server and, as to each end user, a compatible Good Client Access License (CAL) for use with a qualifying AT&amp;T data plan.
Solution includes software, products and related services provided by Good Technology, Inc.
("Good"), which are subject to applicable Good terms and conditions.
Good is solely responsible for all statements regarding, and technical support for, its software, products and services.
6.13 Microsoft® Direct Push
Requires compatible Microsoft® Exchange Server and, as to each end user, a compatible device, a Direct Push enabled email account, and a qualifying AT&amp;T Data Plan.
Plans include end user customer support from AT&amp;T for compatible devices.
AT&amp;T does not sell, supply, install or otherwise support Microsoft® software, products or services (including without limitation, Exchange and Direct Push).
6.14 AT&amp;T Mobile Share® Plans (with Unlimited Talk and Text)
AT&amp;T Mobile Share plans, including Mobile Share Value plans, allow you to share a monthly allotment of domestic wireless data usage, along with unlimited domestic talk and texting services among up to ten (10) Devices.
You choose a specific allotment of monthly shared data usage for a monthly recurring charge and then pay an additional charge for each Device added to the Mobile Share plan you select.
You must specifically identify the devices (the "Designated Devices") that will share your monthly allotment of data usage under the Mobile Share plan you select.
If you add a WI Device for unlimited talk only, it will be counted as one of the (10) Designated Devices under the Mobile Share plan.
Designated Devices can include: smartphone(s), tablet(s), gaming device(s), modem(s), netbook(s), laptop(s), mobile hotspot(s), basic or quick messaging phone(s), WI Device(s).
If, during a billing period, your data usage exceeds the monthly allotment of data in the Mobile Share plan you select, plus any other data (such as available Rollover Data) that you may have for use during the billing period, you will automatically be charged for overage as specified in your rate plan.
Unless specified otherwise, data allowances, including overages and Rollover Data, must be used in the billing period provided or you will forfeit that usage.
Authorized users on the account may temporarily suspend data access for particular Device(s) during a specific billing cycle, but monthly charges for the suspended Device(s) will continue to apply.
Tethering and/or mobile hotspot use is permitted with Mobile Share plans with capable Designated Devices.
provided, however, that such use is limited to a maximum of five (5) simultaneous users per Device.
An activation fee will be charged when converting from a prepaid or Session-Based plan to a Mobile Share plan or when you activate an additional Device on an existing Mobile Share plan.
Access to corporate email, intranet sites and/or other business applications may be available for an additional monthly charge per Device (no additional charge for Mobile Share Value plans).
Discounts otherwise applicable to your Mobile Share rate plan do not apply to the additional monthly Device charge.
Additional deposits and other restrictions may apply.

Rollover Data℠: Only Mobile Share Value® plans include the Rollover Data feature.
With Rollover Data, unused data from the monthly plan allotment rounds up to the nearest MB and carries over for one billing period.
Unused Rollover Data automatically expires after one billing period or with any plan change (such as changing data amounts or termination). Unused overage data does not roll over.
Rollover Data is always consumed last, after your other data allowances.
Unused Rollover Data is not redeemable for cash or credit and is not transferable including to other Mobile Share Value groups on your account.
Mobile Share and Mobile Share Data-only plans do not include Rollover Data.
If you use a Mobile Share plan with any device that is not a Designated Data Device, for tethering or as a mobile hotspot with more than five (5) simultaneous users, or otherwise use the plan in any way that is inconsistent with its terms, you agree that AT&amp;T may: (a) suspend or terminate service to the account.
(b) place any non-complying Device on an appropriate Mobile Share plan.
and/or (c) add any other required element of the plan.

Device upgrades: If you upgrade to a new smartphone, a discounted access charge is only available for that line when purchasing a new smartphone via AT&amp;T Next℠ or when you bring your own smartphone or you purchase a new smartphone at full retail price.
If you upgrade your Device to a new smartphone on a 2-year Service Commitment, that line is ineligible for the discount and the discount is lost.
6.15 AT&amp;T Mobile Share - Data Plans (for Data-Only Devices)
AT&amp;T Mobile Share - Data plans allow you to share a monthly allotment of domestic wireless data usage among up to ten (10) 3G, HSPA+ or LTE Devices (excluding smartphones and basic or quick messaging phones).
You choose a specific allotment of monthly shared data usage for a monthly recurring charge and then pay an additional charge for each Device added to the Mobile Share - Data plan you select.
You must specifically identify one or more eligible devices (the "Designated Data Devices") that will share your monthly allotment of data usage under the Mobile Share - Data plan you select.
Designated Data Devices can include: tablet(s), gaming device(s), modem(s), netbook(s), laptop(s), or mobile hotspot(s).
If, during a billing period, your data usage exceeds the monthly allotment of data in the Mobile Share - Data plan you select, you will automatically be charged for overage as specified in your rate plan.
If, during a billing period, you do not use all of the data allotment in the Mobile Share - Data plan you select, you will forfeit that usage.
Authorized users on the account may temporarily suspend data access for particular Designated Data Device(s) during a specific billing cycle, but monthly charges for the suspended Designated Data Device(s) will continue to apply.
Tethering and/or mobile hotspot use is permitted with Mobile Share - Data plans with capable Designated Data Devices.
provided, however, that such use is limited to a maximum of five (5) simultaneous users per Designated Data Device.
An activation fee will be charged when converting from a prepaid or Session-Based plan to a Mobile Share - Data plan or when you activate an additional Designated Data Device on an existing Mobile Share - Data plan.
Designated Data Devices that are capable of accessing corporate email, intranet sites and/or other business applications may do so for no additional monthly access charge.
Discounts otherwise applicable to your Mobile Share - Data rate plan do not apply to the additional monthly Device charge.
Additional deposits and other restrictions may apply.
If you use a Mobile Share - Data plan with a smartphone, with any device that is not a Designated Data Device, for tethering or as a mobile hotspot with more than five (5) simultaneous users, or otherwise use the plan in any way that is inconsistent with its terms, you agree that AT&amp;T may: (a) suspend or terminate service to the account.
(b) place any non-complying Device on an appropriate Mobile Share plan.
and/or (c) add any other required element of the plan. 7.0 AT&amp;T Wireless Home Services
7.1 AT&amp;T Wireless Home Phone Service
AT&amp;T Wireless Home Phone ("WHP") service utilizes mobile wireless gateway Equipment now called an AT&amp;T Wireless Internet device ("WI Device", formerly called a Wireless Home Phone device or WHP Device).
With WHP service, the WI Device allows you to connect a landline phone to place and receive calls over the AT&amp;T wireless network.
See Section 3.2 for more information about how AT&amp;T wireless service works.
WHP service provides voice service only and requires that you subscribe to an eligible wireless voice plan option, such as: (1) Wireless Home Phone unlimited plan or (2) AT&amp;T Mobile Share plan.
If your WI Device is used to roam on other carrier networks, AT&amp;T's off-net usage restrictions apply.
Text messaging, data services, features and international roaming are not supported by WHP service.
If you use a wireless voice plan not designed for WHP service with your WI Device, AT&amp;T reserves the right to switch you to an appropriate plan and bill you the associated fees for such plan.
911 calls are routed based on the wireless network's automatic location technology.
You should expect to provide your location address to the emergency response center responsible for sending first responders (e.g.
police, medical assistance, or fire) to your location.
The WI Device has battery backup power and will work in the event of a power outage.
However, if you connect a landline phone to the WI Device that itself requires external electric power to operate (e.g., a cordless phone), you will not be able to place and receive calls over that phone during a power outage.
7.2 AT&amp;T Wireless Internet Service
AT&amp;T Wireless Internet service (formerly Wireless Home Phone and Internet service or WHPI) also utilizes the WI Device (the WHPI service used the Home Base device.
With AT&amp;T Wireless Internet service, the WI Device allows you to connect a landline phone to place and receive calls, and to connect up to twelve (12) Internet-capable devices (one (1) via Ethernet and ten (10) via Wi-Fi) to have mobile broadband Internet access over the AT&amp;T wireless network.
See Section 3.2 for more information about how AT&amp;T wireless service works.
AT&amp;T Wireless Internet service requires that you subscribe to an eligible wireless voice and/or data plan to take advantage of one or both capabilities.
Tiered shared data plan options allow you to share a monthly allotment of domestic wireless data usage among your connected internet-capable devices.
If your data usage exceeds the monthly data allotment of the plan you select during a billing period, you automatically will be charged for overages as specified in your plan.
If you do not use all of the monthly data allotment of the plan you select during a billing period, you forfeit that usage.
You may also add your WI Device to your AT&amp;T Mobile Share plan if the monthly allotment of domestic wireless data usage under your AT&amp;T Mobile Share plan is 10 GB or more.
If your WI Device is used to roam on other carrier networks, AT&amp;T's off-net usage restrictions apply.
Messaging services and international roaming are not supported by AT&amp;T Wireless Internet service.
If you use a wireless voice and/or data plan not designed for AT&amp;T Wireless Internet service with your WI Device, AT&amp;T reserves the right to switch you to an appropriate plan and bill you the associated fees for such plan.
911 calls are routed based on the wireless network's automatic location technology.
You should expect to provide your location address to the emergency response center responsible for sending first responders (e.g.
police, medical assistance, or fire) to your location.
The WI Device has battery backup power and will work in the event of a power outage.
However, if you connect a landline phone to the WI Device that itself requires external electric power to operate (e.g., a cordless phone), you will not be able to place and receive calls over that phone during a power outage. 8.0 ARE THERE OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT APPLY TO FEATURES AND APPLICATIONS?
Terms and conditions for certain features and applications are provided on the Device at the time of feature/application activation or first use.
Certain features/applications will not be available in all areas at all times.
9.0 WHAT IS AT&amp;T ROADSIDE ASSISTANCE &amp.
OPTIONAL AT&amp;T MOBILE INSURANCE, AT&amp;T Mobile Protection Pack &amp.
AT&amp;T Multi-Device Protection Pack?
9.1 AT&amp;T Roadside Assistance
AT&amp;T Roadside Assistance ("RA") is an optional feature that may be purchased separately and automatically billed to the wireless account.
RA service is provided by American Traveler Motor Club, Inc., a licensed motor club.
For complete RA Terms and Conditions, refer to your RA Welcome Kit or go to att.com/roadside.
9.2 Optional AT&amp;T Mobile Insurance, AT&amp;T Mobile Protection Pack &amp.
AT&amp;T Multi-Device Protection Pack
If eligible, you have 30 days from activation or upgrade to enroll in optional AT&amp;T Mobile Insurance, AT&amp;T Mobile Protection Pack or AT&amp;T Multi-Device Protection Pack.
For details visit www.att.com/deviceprotection.
AT&amp;T Mobile Insurance and AT&amp;T Multi Device Insurance are underwritten by Continental Casualty Company, a CNA company (CNA) and administered by Asurion Protection Services, LLC (in California, Asurion Protection Services Insurance Agency, LLC, CA Lic.
#OD63161, in Puerto Rico, Asurion Protection Services of Puerto Rico, Inc.), CNA's licensed agent for the customers of AT&amp;T. 10.0 WHAT OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY TO MY WIRELESS SERVICE?
10.1 Intellectual Property
You must respect the intellectual property rights of AT&amp;T, our third-party content providers, and any other owner of intellectual property whose protected property may appear on any website and/or dialogue box controlled by AT&amp;T or accessed through the AT&amp;T's websites.
Except for material in the public domain, all material displayed in association with the Service is copyrighted or trademarked.
Except for personal, non-commercial use, trademarked and copyrighted material may not be copied, downloaded, redistributed, modified or otherwise exploited, in whole or in part, without the permission of the owner.
The RIM and BlackBerry families of related marks, images and symbols are the exclusive properties and trademarks or registered trademarks of Research In Motion Limited - used by permission.
Good, the Good logo and GoodLink are trademarks of Good Technology, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Good Technology, Inc., and its products and services are not related to, sponsored by or affiliated with Research In Motion Limited.
All other marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners.
©2012 AT&amp;T Intellectual Property.
All rights reserved.
AT&amp;T, AT&amp;T logo and all other marks contained herein are trademarks of AT&amp;T Intellectual Property and/or AT&amp;T affiliated companies.
Apple iPhone: ™ and © 2010 Apple Inc.
All rights reserved.
Apple is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S.
and other countries.
iPhone is a trademark of Apple Inc.
10.2 Severability
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable by a court or agency of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.
The foregoing does not apply to the prohibition against class or representative actions that is part of the arbitration clause.
if that prohibition is found to be unenforceable, the arbitration clause (but only the arbitration clause) shall be null and void.
10.3 Assignment.
Governing Law.
English Language
10.3.1 Assignment
AT&amp;T may assign this Agreement, but you may not assign this Agreement without our prior written consent.
10.3.2 Governing Law
The law of the state of your billing address shall govern this Agreement except to the extent that such law is preempted by or inconsistent with applicable federal law.
In the event of a dispute between us, the law of the state of your billing address at the time the dispute is commenced, whether in litigation or arbitration, shall govern except to the extent that such law is preempted by or inconsistent with applicable federal law.
10.3.3 English Language
The original version of this Agreement is in the English language.
Any discrepancy or conflicts between the English version and any other language version will be resolved with reference to and by interpreting the English version. 10.4 Lifeline Services
As part of a federal government program, AT&amp;T offers discounted wireless service to qualified low-income residents in selected states.
For questions or to apply for Lifeline service, call 1-800-377-9450.
Puerto Rico customers should contact 1-787-405-5463.
For tips on how to protect against fraud, please visit the CPUC's website at, CalPhoneInfo.com.
10.5 Trial Services
Trial Services are subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
may have limited availability.
and may be withdrawn at any time.
10.6 NOTICE REGARDING TRANSMISSION OF WIRELESS EMERGENCY ALERTS (Commercial Mobile Alert Service)
AT&amp;T has chosen to offer wireless emergency alerts within portions of its service area, as defined by the terms and conditions of its Agreement, on wireless emergency alert capable devices.
There is no additional charge for these wireless emergency alerts.
Wireless emergency alerts may not be available on all devices or in the entire service area, or if a subscriber is outside of the AT&amp;T service area.
In areas in which the emergency alerts are transmitted, such alerts may not be received by a subscriber or user of AT&amp;T's wireless service even though the subscriber has a device capable of receiving them.
For details on the availability of this service and wireless emergency alert capable devices, please ask a sales representative, or go to att.com and click the Wireless Emergency Alerts link.
This notice is required by FCC Rule 47 C.F.R.
§ 10.250 (Commercial Mobile Alert Service).
In transmitting emergency alerts pursuant to federal law, AT&amp;T, including its officers, directors, employees, vendors, and agents, shall not be liable to any subscriber to, or user of, AT&amp;T's wireless service or equipment for any act or omission related to or any harm resulting from the transmission of, or the failure to transmit, an emergency alert.
or the release to a government entity or agency, public safety, fire service, law enforcement official, emergency medical service, or emergency facility of subscriber information used in connection with delivering an emergency alert. 11.0 WHAT TERMS APPLY ONLY TO SPECIFIC STATES?
11.1 California: What If There Are Unauthorized Charges Billed To My Device?
You are not liable for charges you did not authorize, but the fact that a call was placed from your Device is evidence that the call was authorized.
Unauthorized charges may include calls made to or from your phone or other Device after it was lost or stolen.
Once you report to us that the Device is lost or stolen and your Device is suspended, you will not be responsible for subsequent charges incurred by that Device.
You can report your Device as lost or stolen and suspend Services without a charge by contacting us at the phone number listed on your bill or at wireless.att.com.
If you notify us of any charges on your bill you claim are unauthorized, we will investigate.
If there are charges on your bill for calls made after the Device was lost or stolen, but before you reported it to us, notify us of the disputed charges and we will investigate.
You may submit documents, statements and other information to show any charges were not authorized.
We will advise you of the result of our investigation within 30 days.
If you do not agree with the outcome, you may file a complaint with the California Public Utilities Commission and you may have other legal rights.
While an investigation is underway, you do not have to pay any charges you dispute or associated late charges, and we will not send the disputed amount to collection or file an adverse credit report about it.
While your phone is suspended you will remain responsible for complying with all other obligations under this Agreement, including but not limited to, your monthly fee.
We both have a duty to act in good faith and in a reasonable and responsible manner including in connection with the loss or theft of your Device.
11.2 Connecticut: Questions About Your Service
If you have any questions or concerns about your AT&amp;T Service, please call Customer Care at 1-800-331-0500, dial 611 from your wireless phone, or visit att.com/wireless.
If you have questions about the Unlimited Local or Unlimited Long Distance Service, please call 1-800-288-2020 or visit att.com.
If you are a Connecticut customer and we cannot resolve your issue, you have the option of contacting the Public Utilities Regulatory Authority (PURA).
Online: ct.gov.pura.
Phone: 1-800-382-4586.
Mail: Connecticut DPUC, 10 Franklin Square, New Britain, CT 06051.
11.3 Puerto Rico
If you are a Puerto Rico customer and we cannot resolve your issue, you may notify the Telecommunications Regulatory Board of Puerto Rico of your grievance.
Mail: 500 Ave Roberto H.
Todd, (Parada 18), San Juan, Puerto Rico 00907-3941.
Phone: 1-787-756-0804 or 1-866-578-5500.
Online: jrtpr.gobierno.pr, in addition to having available arbitration, as provided in Section 2.0.

Return to Table of Contents

V03022017
  
Last Updated: November 14, 2017

Thank you for choosing AT&amp;T as your Internet Service(s) provider.
These Terms of Service, including any schedules hereto and any terms incorporated herein by reference (" the Agreement") along with the applicable policies and additional terms which AT&amp;T makes you aware of, including those listed below, set forth your obligations, the obiligations of AT&amp;T, and the rules you must follow when using AT&amp;T provisioned fixed location internet access service(s), including both narrowband and broadband internet access services (as described in more detail below and on Schedule 1 hereto, as individually or collectively referred to herein as "Service(s)" or "Internet Service(s)").
"You" or "your" refers to the holder of the Member Account, the holder of any Sub Account and/or any Authorized User(s) (as those terms are defined in Section 3 below).
THE DESCRIPTION OF YOUR SERVICE AND OTHER TERMS, SET FORTH IN THE CUSTOMER SERVICE SUMMARY OR ORDER CONFIRMATION LETTER YOU RECEIVED, ARE INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THIS AGREEMENT.


PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY TO ENSURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND EACH PROVISION.
THIS AGREEMENT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS, AND ALSO LIMITS THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO YOU IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE.


ARBITRATION TERMS FOR RESIDENTIAL CUSTOMERS ARE SET OUT IN SECTION 13 AND ARBITRATION TERMS FOR BUSINESS CUSTOMERS ARE SET FORTH ON SCHEDULE 6 HERETO, WHICH IS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THIS AGREEMENT.
PLEASE READ THE TERMS APPLICABLE TO YOU CAREFULLY.

For more information about different Internet Services and specific provisions applicable to particular Internet Services covered by this Agreement, please see the following Schedules.
Schedule 1 – Lists of Internet Services by Brand Name and AT&amp;T Entities
Schedule 2 – IP Broadband Internet Services (including "AT&amp;T Internet" and "AT&amp;T Fiber")
Schedule 3 – Fixed Wireless Internet Service
Schedule 4 – DSL Internet Service
Schedule 5 – Dial Up Internet Service
Schedule 6 – Business Internet Services
Schedule 7 – Access from AT&amp;T Program
NOTE: Mobile broadband internet access services from AT&amp;T are generally subject to the terms of AT&amp;T's Wireless Customer Agreement, available at https://www.att.com/legal/terms.wirelessCustomerAgreement.html.
This Agreement is based on four general principles.
First, AT&amp;T supports our customers' right to free expression.
Second, AT&amp;T will give our customers clear notice of any meaningful limitations on the Services.
Third, AT&amp;T will give our customers clear information about the experience they can expect when using the Services.
Fourth, AT&amp;T will provide consumer Internet access service in discrete, non-overlapping speed tiers.
For more information about how AT&amp;T helps transmit your information to points on the Internet, how AT&amp;T manages the network, broadband options such as different service capability and expected and actual speed ranges, device attachment rules, activities which may impair or degrade your internet experience, and for additional information regarding network practices with respect to monthly data usage allowances related to AT&amp;T Broadband Internet access services, please visit att.com/broadbandinfo.
Your contract with us includes this Agreement (including the schedules hereto, which are incorporated into this Agreement by reference), and also includes the following materials:

Your Customer Service Summary / Order Confirmation Letter (excluding the "My Next Bill Estimate" page);
AT&amp;T Privacy Policy found at att.com/privacy;
AT&amp;T Acceptable Use Policy found at att.com/aup;
AT&amp;T Policies for Considering Copyright Infringement Claims found at https://www.att.com/legal/terms.dmca.html
AT&amp;T Access ID Terms and Conditions found at https://www.att.com/accessidterms;
att.net Terms of Use found at https://www.att.com/legal/terms.attNetTermsOfUse.html.
and
Any other documents incorporated by reference herein or therein.

For more information on fees that may apply in addition to any amounts due for your Services and Equipment, consumers should review the "Consumer Fee Schedule" available at www.att.com/ConsumerInternetFees and businesses should review the "Business Fee Schedule" available at www.att.com/BusinessInternetFees.
The Consumer Fee Schedule and the Business Fee Schedule are generically referred to herein as the "Fee Schedule(s)" and are incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.
AT&amp;T reserves the right to change fees, increase or decrease fees, or impose additional fees without notice.
Additional fees may apply for non-standard installations or for equipment upgrades.
Taxes may also apply and vary by location.
Note: If the location to which your Service is provisioned is in a multi-tenant environment (e.g., an apartment building, condominium, private subdivision or retail shopping center, sometimes referred to herein as a "MTU"), provision of your Service may be subject to other terms and conditions imposed by the owner and/or manager of the MTU (e.g.
a landlord or home owner's association).
You will need to refer to the owner / manager of your particular MTU for more information regarding any MTU specific terms which may apply.
You must accept this Agreement as a condition of receiving the Service.
By accepting this Agreement, you confirm you are a capable adult over the applicable age of majority (e.g.
eighteen (18) years of age in most U.S.
states and territories.
nineteen (19) in Alabama and Nebraska.
and twenty-one (21) in Mississippi and Puerto Rico – an "Adult").
If you are an entity, by accepting this Agreement, you confirm (through your duly authorized representative) that you are a corporation, partnership, or other legal entity duly formed (and incorporated if applicable) in good standing where required to do business with all legal authority and power to accept this Agreement.
and you are also confirming that this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of yours.
You are responsible for ensuring that all use of the Service complies with this Agreement, and you will be deemed to have breached this Agreement if you or any other person, whether or not authorized by you, uses the Service in a manner inconsistent with this Agreement.
By enrolling in, activating, using, or paying for the Service, you agree to the terms and conditions in this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the prices, charges, and terms and conditions provided to you in marketing and informational materials associated with the Service, all of which are incorporated herein by reference.
1.
Changes to this Agreement and/or the Service
We may change any terms, conditions, rates, fees, expenses, or charges regarding your Service at any time.
We also reserve the right to modify or discontinue the Service, temporarily or permanently.
We will provide you with notice of material changes via either your Member Account e-mail address or any other email address you provide, posting online at https://www.att.com/internet-terms, recorded announcement, bill message, bill insert, newspaper ad, postcard, letter, or call to your billed telephone number or U.S.
mail.
It is your responsibility to check for any such notices.
Your continued subscription to the Service after the effective date of the change constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
2.
Internet Service
a.
Service Description.
Internet Service is composed of narrowband or broadband access to Internet, and offers you a capability for acquiring or retrieving information from.
generating, storing, transforming, processing, or utilizing information on.
or making available information to other Internet end points connected directly or indirectly to AT&amp;T's network.
Unless otherwise specified, Internet Services from AT&amp;T include the following:
1) Site Access / E-Mail Services.
Access to att.net and related services, including an e-mail account for the Member Account holder and any Sub Accounts, is generally included with your Internet Service.
Such access will be subject to the att.net Terms of Use found at https://www.att.com/legal/terms.attNetTermsOfUse.html.
By utilizing such access, including accessing the included e-mail account(s), you are agreeing to be bound by the terms thereof. 2) DNS Services / DNS Language Assist.
Domain Name System (or DNS) services translate domain names into the numerical IP addresses needed for locating and identifying computer services and devices within the underlying network protocols commonly used to organize the internet.
The DNS Services include DNS Language Assist, which upon entry of an incomplete or inaccurate Web address will automatically search for similar or related terms and present you with suggested sites you may want to reach instead of providing only an error message.
If you prefer to opt out of DNS Language Assist, you may do so by visiting att.com/cmpchoice from your desktop or from your mobile Web browser. 3) IP Addresses.
Unless otherwise specified, AT&amp;T Internet Service is provided with a dynamic Internet Protocol ("IP") address, a static IP address, a multiple static IP address service (as applicable), or a privately managed IP address utilizing CGN (Carrier Gateway NAT) technology, at the sole discretion of AT&amp;T.
Static IP addresses are not available with all Internet Services or all tiers within certain Internet Services.
Unless otherwise specified, a dynamic IP address is a single Internet address intended for use with a single Member Account and any associated Sub Accounts and a static IP address or multiple static IP address is intended for use with a single computer or a network of devices, computers and/or servers.
You may not use the Service in a manner that is inconsistent with these intended uses.
Unless otherwise specified, AT&amp;T Internet services will support both IPV6 and IPV4 Internet addresses.
however, to reach IPv6-exclusive Internet content, some of your equipment may require upgrades or replacement.
For more information about IPv6 and how it affects you, visit att.com/ipv6. 4) Interconnection.
Because the Internet consists of multiple interconnected networks and most Internet end points (e.g., websites and other content providers) are not directly connected to AT&amp;T's network, AT&amp;T must connect to and exchange traffic with other networks to provide its subscribers the capability of uploading data to or downloading data from Internet end points that are connected to those networks.
To that end, AT&amp;T has entered into commercially negotiated agreements to exchange traffic with such networks on mutually agreeable terms.
Consistent with its longstanding practice, AT&amp;T does not warrant that it will establish or expand the connections between its network and other networks except on such mutually agreeable terms.
To the extent AT&amp;T is unable to reach agreement on terms of interconnection or network expansion with these other networks it could affect your service These impacts on your service performance are described in more detail in AT&amp;T's Open Internet notice.
AT&amp;T therefore makes no promise express or implied that you will be able to upload data to or download data from Internet end points connected to other networks at any particular speed.
Like the other networks that make up the Internet, AT&amp;T's is a shared network, which means that the transmission links and other network resources used to provide the Service are shared among AT&amp;T's subscribers.
AT&amp;T manages this network for the benefit of all users based on a variety of factors, and our technical expertise. b.
"Speed" of Internet Services, Technology and Data Usage.
AT&amp;T offers many broadband internet access service options, each of which has a specific service capability speed range.
The term "speed" is commonly used as a shorthand way to describe the capacity at which a particular broadband internet access service can transmit data.
This capacity is typically measured in the number of kilobits, megabits or gigabits that can be transmitted in one second (Kbps, Mbps or Gbps).
Some applications like a short email without attachments or basic web browsing do not require high service capability speeds to function optimally, while other activities like transferring large data files can be performed faster with higher-speed services.
Your service capability speed may not be suitable for some applications, particularly those involving real-time or near real-time, high-bandwidth uses such as streaming video or video conferencing. 1) AT&amp;T Speed Tiers Page.
The current speed ranges AT&amp;T offers may be found on AT&amp;T's Speed Tier page at att.net/speedtiers, which identifies the downstream and upstream rates at which your "Connection" (as that term is defined below) transfers internet access data between the network interface device at your home, office, or apartment building to the point you connect to the AT&amp;T network.
Our wired broadband Internet access customers should expect to see service capability speeds for their Connection within the speed tier shown on the Speed Tier page or their service plan.
For example, a customer with AT&amp;T Internet 25 Service should expect service capability download speeds between 15 Mbps and 25 Mbps between the network interface device at your premises and the point at which you connect to the AT&amp;T network.
The high-end of this range represents expected maximum speed capabilities. 2) "Connection."
Because service performance varies on an end-to-end basis, the service capability speeds of AT&amp;T are limited to, and measured between, the equipment utilized to provision your Internet Service at the fixed address or location you identified when ordering the Internet Service and a point on the AT&amp;T network, sometimes referred to as the "Connection" or your "internet connection." The Connection constitutes only one segment of the end-to-end transmission path connecting the end user to Internet Web sites or content providers. 3) Technology.
Unless otherwise expressly agreed to the contrary, AT&amp;T makes no warranty with regard to the technology used to provision any particular Internet Service.
Notwithstanding any description that may be furnished for a particular Internet Service, AT&amp;T reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to make changes to the technology used to provision all or any portion of any Internet Service.
So long as the essential functionality of the Internet Service from a user perspective is not negatively impacted in a material way by any change in technology, AT&amp;T has no obligation to notify you of any changes in technology and changes in technology will not affect your rights or obligations with respect to the Internet Service you have purchased.
For any particular Internet Service, the technology utilized to provision different portions of the Service may vary significantly.
In those circumstance, and unless otherwise expressly agreed to the contrary, AT&amp;T shall only be responsible for the technology utilized to provision the Connection.
By way of example, for an Internet Service which AT&amp;T provisions across its 100% fiber network, AT&amp;T can only determine that the Connection itself is provisioned using 100% fiber based facilities.
As discussed in further detail below, AT&amp;T has no control over, and makes no warranties with respect to, the technology within the premises to which the Internet Service is provisioned (e.g.
the inside wiring, home network and/or local access network).
AT&amp;T further has no control over and makes no warranties with respect to the technology utilized by content providers for purposes of operating the servers which an end user must access in order to receive access to the content. 4) Other Factors that Impact Speed.
In addition to issues presented by the various technologies over which an internet access may operate on an end-to end basis, end-to-end performance of your Internet Service will also depend on a variety of other factors, including (but not limited to): the number of subscribers simultaneously using the network.
specific characteristics of the location from which you are accessing the internet.
specific characteristics of your intended destination on the internet.
overall traffic on the Internet.
Wi-Fi connectivity.
interference with high frequency spectrum on your telephone line.
wiring inside your premises, office or apartment complex.
the capacity or performance of your network devices, routers, gateways or modems.
the servers with which you must communicate with in order to reach your intended destination and/or access the content you are trying to access.
internal and external network management factors (including Overhead, which refers to the various control and signaling data required to achieve the reliable transmission of Internet access data).
and, the networks you and others are using when communicating.
In addition, your use of other AT&amp;T services (such as U-verse TV, AT&amp;T Phone, Unified Messaging, and other services) that may share the capacity of your broadband connection with the Service may impact the amount of capacity available for your use of the Service at that particular time and thus affect the performance of the Service.
Consequently, AT&amp;T does not guarantee the performance of your service on an end- to-end basis.
This is also why third party speed tests which include other portions of the overall internet connection beyond the Connection itself may yield results which are outside the specified speed range for your particular service plan on the Speed Tier page.
AT&amp;T expressly disclaims any warranty with respect to the outcome of these third party speed tests. 5) Download vs Upload Speeds.
The term "download" generally refers to the process of a user utilizing their local device or computer to access information stored on a remote device, computer or server connected to the internet and includes activities ranging from "surfing" the internet, to downloading a file to streaming video.
The term "upload" generally refers to the process of a user sending information from their device or computer to a remote device, computer or server connected to the internet.
Unless otherwise specified, references to the "speed" of an Internet Service will solely be with respect to the download speed of that Service.
Similarly, unless otherwise specified, AT&amp;T makes no guarantee that the upload speed of a particular Internet Service will be the same as the download speed, either in terms of the applicable speed range or in terms of actual performance at any given moment.
In fact, as set forth on the Speed Tier Page, many Internet Services have upload speed ranges which are lower than the comparable download speed ranges.
As a result, and as a result of the many other factors that might affect speed at any given moment, the actual upload and download speed of any Internet Service will vary greatly from time to time and day to day. 6) Data Usage on Residential Internet Services.
The residential Internet Service you purchased includes either an unlimited data allowance or a monthly data usage allowance with overage charges for usage in excess of your allowance.
More details regarding the applicable data allowance, is set forth in the Customer Service Summary or Order Confirmation Letter you received.
Use of certain services, including but not limited to digital TV features and apps, AT&amp;T Digital Life, home security, home automation and medical alarm systems, whether provided by AT&amp;T or a third party, may count towards your Internet data usage allowance.
For additional information about the use of your residential AT&amp;T Internet Service, including management of your data usage, as well as information about other data plans that you might consider, please refer to https://www.att.com/internet-usage.
(This paragraph is not applicable to Business Internet Services.) c.
Availability and Service Changes.
1) Availability.
AT&amp;T Internet Services are not available in all areas, and may not be available at certain speed tiers (or at all) at your location, even if our initial testing, an AT&amp;T website and/or any sales representative or other personnel associated with AT&amp;T indicated that your location qualified for a particular speed tier or Service.
If your location is situated in an MTU, availability of any particular Internet Service may depend upon the owner and/or manager of the MTU agreeing to grant AT&amp;T access to the MTU and/or to your particular location.
The availability of any Internet Service may also be subject to various limitations upon the capacity of the various technologies utilized in AT&amp;T's network to support a given number of customers on any particular Internet Service and/or speed tier in a given area ("Capacity Limitations").
Some Internet Services are more likely to be subject to Capacity Limitations.
When a particular part of AT&amp;T's network is approaching a Capacity Limitation, it can be very difficult for AT&amp;T to predict exactly when or how that Capacity Limitation will impact upon the availability of a particular Internet Service to a particular location.
This may mean that, although a certain location may be theoretically capable of receiving the Internet Service in question, Capacity Limitations at the time a particular order is placed may mean that a particular Service is not available to a particular location.
This can even occur between the time that a Service is ordered and the time that the Services is installed / fulfilled, resulting in a Service that was shown as being available to a particular location at the time an order was placed no longer being available at the time of installation.
As discussed in Section 5 below, Capacity Limitations may also mean that if a Service is terminated at any location for any reason whatsoever, it may not be possible to restore or renew that Service at that location.
For all those reasons, AT&amp;T makes absolutely no guarantee as to the availability of any Internet Service at any location. 2) Service Changes.
AT&amp;T reserves the right to modify or discontinue any Internet Service (including rates and charges), temporarily or permanently.
If AT&amp;T makes a change that would have a material impact on your Service, AT&amp;T will endeavor to provide you with reasonable notice of any such change.
The terms and conditions for temporary changes, if any, will be included in the notice and incorporated by reference into this Agreement at: att.com/temporaryterms.
Your continued subscription to the Service after the effective date of the change constitutes your acceptance of the changes and the associated terms and conditions.
In lieu of notice and Web site posting, AT&amp;T may instead, at its sole discretion, require customers to enter into an agreement with AT&amp;T regarding temporary material changes. 3) Technology Conversions.
In the event that AT&amp;T determines to provision Internet Service at your location utilizing a different technology, we will evaluate whether the conversion can occur without significant interruption to your service, generally defined as no noticeable interruptions during normal business hours and no single interruption outside of normal business hours of more than one (1) hour in length.
If we determine that the conversion can be accomplished without significant interruption in your service, we may elect to proceed with the conversion without prior notice to you.
If we determine that the conversion is likely to result in a significant interruption in your service, we will endeavor to provide you with at least thirty (30) days' notice of any anticipated significant interruptions of your service via email, direct mail, bill page message, and/or bill insert.
If, due to factors outside our control, we cannot provide you with thirty (30) days' notice, we will endeavor to provide you with as much advanced notice as circumstances reasonably allow.
Following the period identified in such notice, we may at our sole discretion, either disconnect your service or temporarily suspend your service for up to fifteen (15) days to facilitate the conversion process.
As part of any conversion, we may, in our discretion, discontinue the particular Internet Service you are currently receiving and make available to you an alternate Internet Service of comparable or better Speed at the then applicable rates, terms, and conditions, which may differ from your previous Internet Service rates, terms, and conditions (including Bundle Discounts).
If you are on a Term Plan and your overall price will increase as a result of this conversion, taking into account all applicable credits and discounts, you will not have to pay any applicable Early Termination Fee if you elect to cancel your Internet Service within the period specified for doing so on your updated Customer Service Summary or Confirmation Letter.
Your new Internet Service may require different or additional equipment in order to fully utilize.
If that proves to be the case, we will endeavor to either provide you with the required equipment or notify you of any equipment you will be required to provide on your own.
You may also be required to review and accept new or additional terms and conditions related to the new Internet Service and/or new equipment.
If that proves to be the case, your acceptance of such terms and conditions will be a condition to your ability to access and utilize the new Internet Service.

d.
Home Networking / Home Wi-Fi. (These provisions apply to consumers.
Business customers should refer to Schedule 6 for provisions applicable to Business Services.)
1) Inside Wiring.
When ordering AT&amp;T Internet Service, you will be responsible for providing any Inside Wiring (IW) in the form of copper wire or fiber optic cable between the AT&amp;T network termination interface at your location and the gateway equipment that will located at your premises.
In most cases, the IW will already be present in your existing locations, however you will be responsible for providing any additional IW which may be required.
If additional IW is required, you may have the option of ordering IW from AT&amp;T or installing your own IW.
If you elect to install your own IW, the IW must be installed and available for use by AT&amp;T Technicians before you order AT&amp;T Internet Service.
If IW service is ordered from AT&amp;T, it is your sole responsibility to obtain landlord permission or approvals for such IW. 2) Disclaimer of Warranties.
The condition of the IW over which your Internet Service is transmitted within your premises will impact the performance of the Internet Service, including with respect to speed, reliability and latency.
You are solely responsible for the condition of any IW and AT&amp;T expressly disclaims any responsibility thereto.
If IW is provided by AT&amp;T, upon completion of installation you will have full ownership and responsibility for such IW.
Unless expressly agreed in writing to the contrary, AT&amp;T makes no warranty to you or any other party for any work or materials constituting or associated with any inside wire.
AT&amp;T expressly disclaims any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular use, and AT&amp;T has no responsibility to maintain, update, repair, replace, de-install, or remove any installed inside wire.
 3) Home Wi-Fi.
Depending upon the Internet Service you purchase, your Internet Service may include Wi-Fi enabled home networking equipment ("Wi-Fi Equipment") in order to help you allow Wi-Fi enabled devices to wirelessly connect to your Internet Service ("Home Wi-Fi").
(See the Applicable Schedule for details about what kind of Wi-Fi networking equipment many be included with the particular Internet Service you are purchasing.)
In order to use Home Wi-Fi, you must have Wi-Fi enabled devices that (a) meet U.S.
and WiFi Alliance standards.
(b) are compatible with the Wi-Fi network being generated by the applicable Wi-Fi Equipment.
and (c) are capable of running IP and related protocols.
The Wi-Fi enabled device you are utilizing must be in close enough proximity to the Wi-Fi Equipment to achieve connectivity with the Home Wi-Fi.
Actual Home Wi-Fi coverage and quality may vary depending upon the location of the Wi-Fi Equipment, the location of the applicable Wi-Fi enabled device and conditions in and around the premises in which both the Equipment and the Wi-Fi enabled device operate.
Home Wi-Fi is designed to provide you with the highest speed available from your home network at any given point in time, subject to the many different factors that can affect network performance.
AT&amp;T's most recent generation of Wi-Fi Equipment generally supports the IEEE 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac standard, although older Home Wi-Fi Equipment may only support the IEEE 802.11b or IEEE 80.11b/g standards.
The theoretical maximum speed you may be capable of achieving from your Home Wi-Fi will depend heavily on which IEEE 802.11 standard is supported by the Wi-Fi Equipment you have as well as which IEEE 802.11 standard is supported by the particular device you are utilizing.
(By way of example only, IEEE 802.11b offers a theoretical maximum of 11 Mbps while IEEE 802.11n offers a theoretical maximum of 600 Mbps.
Even if the Wi-Fi Equipment at your location is capable of supporting IEEE 802.11n, if you are utilizing an older device that is only capable of supporting the older IEEE 802.11b standard your theoretical maximum speed will be limited to 11 Mbps.)
Although the IEEE 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac standards have theoretical maximum speeds ranging from over ten Mbps to over a gigabit per second, depending on which standard applies, actual Wi-Fi speeds will be substantially lower than the theoretical maximum speeds which describe the physical throughput rate including Wi-Fi protocol communications.
The result is that the maximum you can receive may not exceed 40%-50% of the theoretical maximum Wi-Fi standard speed and may be significantly lower depending on other applicable factors.
In addition to the factors discussed above, the actual speed you experience over Wi-Fi will depend in part on the speed of the connection between the Wi-Fi network you are accessing and the destination you want to reach on the Internet, which may be significantly below the theoretical maximum speed of the service.
(By way of example only, if you order AT&amp;T Internet 25, with a download speed range of between 15 Mbps and 25 Mbps according to the AT&amp;T Speed Tier page, even if the Wi-Fi Equipment at your location and the device you are utilizing are both capable of supporting the IEEE 802.11n standard with a theoretical maximum speed of 600 Mbps, the theoretical maximum internet download speed with your device connected to your Home Wi-Fi will never exceed 25 Mbps.) 4) Home Network Management.
Although AT&amp;T reserves the right to manage any equipment used to access any Internet Service, you are solely responsible for all security measures over your in-home network, including any IW, local area network(s) and/or Wi-Fi Equipment.
That includes, but is not limited to, access to authorization codes or passwords, as well as any encryption you deem necessary or required.
AT&amp;T may provide you with tools or software to assist you in managing one or more aspects of your home network (which software would then be included in the term "Software" as used herein below), but you remain solely responsible for all aspects of your home network, including any activity by children or other guests that you may allow (either intentionally or unintentionally, through lack of adequate security measures) to access your Internet Services via your home network and/or Home Wi-Fi.
For that reason, AT&amp;T recommends that you take all necessary measures to ensure adequate network security and to closely monitor use of your Internet Services and your home network by anyone accessing your home network, especially children. e.
Nationwide Wi-Fi Hot Spots (For Internet).
Access to AT&amp;T's nationwide network of Wi-Fi Hot Spots may be available to you as part of the Service, and the AT&amp;T Wi-Fi Hot Spots will provide you with access to the Internet via certain AT&amp;T Internet access points (Locations).
Primarily, this access is provided via a Wi-Fi network using an IEEE 802.11 standard.
To access the Wi-Fi Hot Spots, you must have a device that is compatible with the specific Wi-Fi equipment deployed at a Location.
Access to the Hot Spots is intended for the limited purposes of assisting with access to the public Internet for e-mail and web browsing or other purposes consistent with the AT&amp;T Wi-Fi Terms of Service, which may be found at att.com/legal/terms.wiFiServices.html.
In order to gain access to the Internet at a Location, You may need your Member account information including your Member ID.
If you are also an AT&amp;T Mobility customer, you may auto-authenticate at certain Locations without the use of your Member ID.
The AT&amp;T Wi-Fi Terms of Service will govern your use of AT&amp;T Wi-Fi Hot Spots. 3.
Registration and Membership
 
a.
Member Account.
When you complete the registration process for the Service, you become the "Member Account" holder.
To be a Member Account holder, you must either be: (i) 18 years or older, if an individual, or, (ii) be a corporation, partnership, or other legal entity duly formed (and incorporated if applicable) in good standing where required to do business with all legal authority and power to accept this Agreement and acting through your duly authorized representative.
You will be asked to choose a unique "Member ID" for your account.
b.
Sub Accounts.
Member Account holders may also create up to ten accounts with separate login credentials that are linked to the Member Account (each a "Sub Account").
Each Sub Account will also be required to accept this Agreement and complete the Sub Account registration. c.
Member Account Responsibility.
The Member Account holder is responsible for all activity associated with the Member Account and any of its Sub Accounts, including all fees and charges, whether the charges are incurred by the Member Account or the Sub Accounts.
Use of Member ID subjects you to the AT&amp;T Access ID Terms and Conditions (available at www.att.com/accessidterms), which are incorporated herein by reference. d.
Registration Data.
All information that you provide to AT&amp;T must be accurate, including your name, address, credit or charge card numbers and expiration dates, and any payment information ("Registration Data").
You are responsible for keeping all Registration Data accurate and must provide changes promptly to the AT&amp;T Member Center by going to https://start.att.net/membercenter. e.
Authority and Authorized User(s).
You may authorize spouses, partners, family or other household members or designated persons to act on your behalf in managing your Member Account, including changing or adding equipment and programming: (i) by providing such person access to your confidential account password or passcode.
(ii) by updating your account information to add authorized user(s).
(iii) by granting authorizations and/or ordering permissions to Sub Account holder(s).
and/or (iv) by granting anyone primary or secondary online access to manage your account (each such person, an "Authorized User").
Further, if you are not present and/or do not affirmatively identify yourself as the Member Account holder at the time of any Service installation, you hereby authorize any Adult who is present to act on your behalf, including accepting this Agreement and any related agreements required in connection with the completion of the installation and/or the activation of the Service and approving any changes to your Services.
You may also authorize these persons, along with guests known to you, to access your Internet Services, subject to your obligations at all times to maintain adequate security controls regarding access to your accounts, your network and the Internet Services and to ensure that all such individuals comply with the provisions of this Agreement. f.
Password Protections.
Your account password or passcode (as applicable) must be provided to engage in most online or telephonically enabled account management functions.
You agree to immediately notify AT&amp;T if your password or passcode has been compromised and/or you wish to remove an authorized user from your account.
in the absence of such notification, 4.
Pricing
a.
Term Plans, Bundle Discounts.
When you purchased the Service, you agreed to specific price and plan, which may have included a term for the Service of one or more years ("Term Plan").
Similarly, some plans may offer a discount on the Service if you sign up for other AT&amp;T services ("Bundle Discount").
You agree to maintain your Service and any bundled services for the applicable term of the Term Plan or Bundle Discount, as applicable.
If you signed up for a Term Plan or a Bundle Discount, the price under the applicable plans is valid until one of the following events occurs, at which time the price of your Service may revert to the then-existing price for such Service: (1) the term of your plan expires.
(2) you change your current Service address to another Service address.
(3) you drop one of the AT&amp;T services that you were required to purchase to receive the special rate.
or (4) AT&amp;T exercises a right under this Agreement to terminate your Member Account's (or any associated Sub Account's or Authorized User's) use of the Service. 5.
Termination or Cancellation of Service
a.
Your Decision to Terminate or Continue Service.
You may cancel your Service, but if you do so before the end of any applicable term, you will be subject to any early termination fee which may be associated with that plan as specified in your Customer Service Summary, your Order Confirmation Letter or the applicable Fee Schedule(s) (referred to as an "Early Termination Fee" or "ETF").
At the conclusion of your term, or at all times if you did not agree to a Term Plan, your continued Service will be provided on a month-to-month basis.
If you elect to continue Service on a month-to-month basis, you should review the then current Agreement regularly at att.com/internet-terms.
The then current Agreement will govern your Service.
Your election to continue Service represents your agreement to the then current Agreement.
Unless otherwise specified, if you cancel your Service, your account ID email address will remain active, as will all email subaccounts you have created.
The email accounts may be accessed from the att.net Web site. b.
Service Suspension/Termination by AT&amp;T.
AT&amp;T may immediately terminate or suspend your Member Account and Sub Accounts, and all or a portion of your Service without notice for any of the reasons set forth in AT&amp;T's Acceptable Use Policy, or if: (a) you provide false or inaccurate information to AT&amp;T.
(b) you (or anyone you permit to utilize the Service, including a Sub Account associated with your Member ID) violate this Agreement or the AT&amp;T Acceptable Use Policy.
(c) you (or anyone you permit to utilize the Service, including a Sub Account associated with your Member ID) engage in conduct that is a violation of any law, regulation or tariff (including, without limitation, copyright and intellectual property laws).
or, (d) if you engage in conduct that is threatening, abusive or harassing to AT&amp;T, employees or any of their vendor's employees or representatives, including, for example, making threats to physically harm or damage employee or company property, frequent use of profane or vulgar language, or repeatedly contacting our customer service representatives for reasons that do not pertain to our provisioning, maintenance, repair, or general servicing of your Service after you have been asked to stop such conduct.
You may also be subject to suspension or termination pursuant to Section 6 below.
If we terminate your Service and you have a term commitment that is subject to an ETF, we may charge you that ETF in addition to any other rights that we reserve in other provisions of this Agreement.
If we terminate or suspend your Service, your license to use any software provided in connection with the Service is also terminated or suspended (as applicable).
If your Service is terminated, AT&amp;T has the right to immediately delete all data, files, and other information stored in or for your account without further notice to you.
You must pay all charges for the Service through the date of termination. c.
Suspension and Termination for Non-payment.
AT&amp;T may suspend or terminate Service if your payment is past due.
While your Service is suspended, billing will continue for your monthly charges. d.
Suspension and/or Termination upon Loss of Access.
Upon any interruption or loss of either your or AT&amp;T's rights to access any part of the network facilities required to provide your Internet Service, including the interruption or loss of any rights to access the land or buildings in which the facilities are located, AT&amp;T may, in its sole discretion, suspend or terminate all or any portion of your Internet Service.
In general and where applicable, AT&amp;T will utilize available public rights of way to access network facilities utilized for providing Services.
However, if you are the owner of the location to which your Services are provisioned, it is ultimately your responsibility to secure any necessary rights of access outside of the public rights of way.
If you lease or rent the location at which you wish to receive Services, or if the location is located in a MTU type of arrangement, receipt of Services is expressly conditioned on the owner, landlord and/or building manager providing all customary, reasonable and necessary rights and permissions to allow AT&amp;T access to the network facilities necessary to provide your Internet Service.
AT&amp;T makes no representation and can't guarantee that the owner, landlord and/or building manager has or will provide the applicable rights and permissions necessary for you to receive Internet Service or any particular grade of Internet Service, and explicitly disclaims any such representation or guarantee.
In the event of any interruption or loss of access, AT&amp;T will endeavor to provide you with reasonable advanced notice of any suspension or termination of Internet Service, however the timing of any suspension or termination, as well as the timing of any resumption of Internet Services, are entirely at AT&amp;T's reasonable discretion.
In general, and unless otherwise specified, billing will continue for your monthly charges while your Service is suspended. e.
Restoral Fee and Payment of Past Due Amounts.
If either you or AT&amp;T suspends a Service for any reason set forth herein (other than due to AT&amp;T's loss of access), you must make satisfactory arrangements to pay all past due amounts in order to have that Service restored.
You will also be required to pay a Service Restoral Fee of no more than $50 per incident of suspension or termination of a particular Service (subject to applicable law and except as may otherwise have been expressly agreed in writing).
Please see the applicable Fee Schedules at www.att.com/ConsumerInternetFees and/or www.att.com/BusinessInternetFees to determine the Restoral Fee amount applicable to your particular Service(s). The Restoral Fee will be assessed on the next monthly bill you receive following the resumption of Service. 6.
Payment
You agree to pay in full each month: (1) the monthly fee specified when you ordered your Service.
(2) any charge(s) for equipment required for your Service.
(3) activation fees, connection and/or installation charges, if any.
(4) late fees, Service Restoral Fees, and other applicable Service charges.
and (4) any applicable taxes, recovery fees and surcharges that AT&amp;T pays to municipalities and other governmental entities and may pass on to you.
For a list of additional fees that could apply to the Service, please see the applicable Fee Schedules, which are expressly incorporated herein by reference.
a.
Credit Check / Advance Payments &amp.
Deposits.
By applying to purchase Internet Services, and by continuing to access the Internet Services, you are granting us permission to obtain your credit information from consumer credit reporting agencies at any time.
If we determine that you may be a credit risk due to: (1) unsatisfactory credit rating.
(2) insufficient credit history.
(3) fraudulent or abusive use of any AT&amp;T services within the last five years.
or (4) late payments for current or prior bills, we may refuse to provide the Services or we may require an advance payment, a non-refundable payment, and/or deposit.
Interest will not be paid on advance payments or deposits unless required by law.
We may require special payment terms such as additional advance payments or deposits if we determine that the initial payment was inadequate.
We may establish limits and restrict your Service or features as we deem appropriate.
If your account balance goes beyond the limit we set for you, we may immediately interrupt or suspend your Service until your balance is brought below the limit.
Any charges you incur in excess of your limit become immediately due.
Upon determination solely by AT&amp;T of satisfactory payment history or as required by law, AT&amp;T may begin refunding of deposits through bill credits, cash payments, or as otherwise determined solely by AT&amp;T.
If you are delinquent in any payment to us, you also authorize us to report any late payment or nonpayment to credit reporting agencies. b.
Billing.
If the Service is eligible for self-installation and you choose to self-install the Service, billing will begin when Service is provisioned by AT&amp;T, whether or not you have installed and begun to use the Service.
If you choose to have a technician install the Service, billing will begin when the installation is complete, unless you initially select to self-install, and subsequently ask for a technician installation (in which case, billing will begin when Service is provisioned by AT&amp;T). c.
Method of Payment.
Your monthly charges may be billed via a monthly AT&amp;T bill or to a credit card.
Credit card billing is not available for AT&amp;T High Speed Internet Direct.
AT&amp;T Internet customers will automatically receive an online bill (see below), unless you specifically notify us that you want to receive a paper bill by calling either of the following numbers (as applicable to you): Consumer: 800.288.2020.
Business: 800.321.2000.
Fixed Wireless: 800.288.2020. d.
Credit Card Billing.
You may be asked to provide us with a credit card number from a card issuer that we accept in order to activate your Service.
You hereby authorize AT&amp;T to charge and/or place a hold on your credit card with respect to any unpaid charges for your Services or any related equipment.
You authorize the issuer of the credit card to pay any amounts described herein without requiring a signed receipt, and you agree that this Agreement shall be accepted as authorization to the issuer of the credit card to pay any amounts described herein without requiring a signed receipt, and you agree that this Agreement shall be accepted as authorization to the issuer of the credit card to pay all such amounts.
You authorize AT&amp;T and/or any other company who bills products or services, or acts as billing agent for AT&amp;T to continue to attempt to charge and/or place holds with respect to all sums described herein, or any portion thereof, to your credit card until such amounts are paid in full.
You agree to provide AT&amp;T with updated credit card information upon AT&amp;T's request and any time the information you previously provided is no longer valid.
You acknowledge and agree that neither AT&amp;T nor any AT&amp;T affiliated company will have any liability whatsoever for any non-sufficient funds or other charges incurred by you as a result of such attempts to charge, and/or place holds on, your credit card.
If you mistakenly provide a debit card number, instead of a credit card number, you authorize all charges described herein to be applied to such debit card unless and until you provide a credit card number.
In the event you are enrolled, or later enroll, in an automatic payment or electronic funds transfer plan, you agree that all sums described herein may be charged, at AT&amp;T's option, to the account number provided for such automatic payment or electronic funds transfer plan.
When payment is made by credit card or debit card, payment will also be subject to the terms and conditions established by the credit or debit card issuer.
If charges cannot be processed through your credit card, or if your bank draft or electronic funds transfer is returned for insufficient funds, we will charge you an additional fee.
For a list of additional fees that could apply to the Service, please see the applicable Fee Schedule(s). e.
Online Billing for AT&amp;T Internet Members.
You must register online to establish a personal myAT&amp;T account and provide a billing email address.
You will then be able to view and pay your bill online by logging on to your personal myAT&amp;T account (username and password required).
You understand that you have sole responsibility for the security of your password and you are solely responsible for notifying AT&amp;T if your password is lost or stolen.
AT&amp;T is not liable for any claims, costs, damages, or expenses arising from a lost misplaced, or stolen password.
If you have forgotten your password or want to change your password for any reason, you may request to reset your password online.
It is your responsibility to notify AT&amp;T immediately if your contact information changes.
f.
Late Payment Charge and Dishonored Check or Other Instrument Fee.
You agree that for each bill not paid in full by the payment due date, a Late Payment Charge will be assessed of no more than $10 per bill (subject to applicable law and except as may otherwise have been expressly agreed in writing).
Please see the applicable Fee Schedule(s) to determine the Late Payment Charge amount applicable to your particular Service(s).
Acceptance of late or partial payments (even if marked "Paid in Full") shall not waive any AT&amp;T rights to collect the full amount due.
You will also be charged a fee (the "NSF/Returned Check Fee") for each and any check or other instrument (including credit card charge backs) returned unpaid for any reason of no more than $30 per check or transaction (subject to applicable law and except as may otherwise have been expressly agreed in writing).
Please see the applicable Fee Schedule(s) to determine the NSF/Returned Check Fee amount applicable to your particular Service(s).
For a list of additional fees that could apply to the Service(s), please see the applicable Fee Schedule(s) at www.att.com/ConsumerInternetFees and/or www.att.com/BusinessInternetFees. g.
Bill Inquiries.
If you believe you have been billed in error for your Services or any related equipment, please notify us within 60 days of the billing date by contacting Customer Service (Consumer 800.288.2020.
Business 800.321.2000.
Fixed Wireless 800.288.2020).
AT&amp;T will not issue refunds or credits after the expiration of this 60-day period, except where required by law or regulation. h.
Refunds and Credits.
Except as otherwise required by applicable law, any amounts refunded in the form of bill credits, cash payments, or any other form shall be inclusive of all applicable taxes that were originally paid on such amounts.
Credit amounts, such as customer loyalty rewards, that do not represent a refund of, or a discount to, the price paid for any good or service will not result in the refund of any previously paid tax, fee, or surcharge. 7.
Equipment &amp.
Software
a.
Customer Equipment.
Other than the equipment and/or software provided to you by AT&amp;T for use with the Service (collectively, the "AT&amp;T Equipment"), you must provide all equipment, devices and software necessary to receive the Service.
Any equipment or software that was not provided to you by AT&amp;T, including batteries, is not the responsibility of AT&amp;T.
and AT&amp;T will not provide support for, or be responsible for ongoing maintenance of such equipment.Regardless of whether the equipment used to access your Service (modem, gateway, etc.) is owned by you or AT&amp;T, AT&amp;T reserves the right to manage such equipment for the duration of your Service, and retains exclusive rights to data generated by the equipment.
Neither you nor a third party may change, interfere with, or block access to equipment the data or settings while you continue to receive the Service. b.
AT&amp;T Equipment.
Any AT&amp;T Equipment, including modems, routers, antennas or gateways, will be either a new or a fully inspected and tested refurbished unit.
AT&amp;T will repair or replace damaged AT&amp;T Equipment as AT&amp;T deems necessary and may charge you a fee for repair or replacement of the equipment.
You understand that repair or replacement of equipment may delete stored content, reset personal settings or otherwise alter the functionality of such equipment.
You will be responsible for payment of service charges for visits by AT&amp;T or its subcontractors to your premises when a service request results from causes not attributable to AT&amp;T or its subcontractors, including, but not limited to, when you are unwilling to complete troubleshooting steps requested by AT&amp;T.
If you own the equipment or if the equipment is damaged due to your intentional acts or negligence as determined by AT&amp;T, you will be responsible for the price of repair or replacement.
If the Equipment was damaged due to your intentional acts, negligence, or use inconsistent with this Agreement, as determined by AT&amp;T, you will be responsible for the price of repair or replacement.
Any tampering with the AT&amp;T Equipment, including, for example, opening and attempting to modify the Equipment, or attempting to connect the equipment to other hardware, will be treated as damage due to your intentional acts or negligence.
You agree that you will use the equipment only for its intended use, and not for any other purpose (such as on another AT&amp;T network, or on another provider's (non-AT&amp;T) network).
You agree to use appropriate and reasonable care in using any and all Equipment.
Tampering with the Equipment, or attempting to connect the Equipment to other hardware, will be treated as damage due to your intentional acts or negligence. c.
Access &amp.
Installation of Equipment.
You will provide AT&amp;T and its subcontractors with reasonable access to your premises in order to install, maintain, and repair the Service and you authorize any other Adult resident or guest at your residence (each, an Authorized User for purposes of this Agreement) to grant access to your premises for these purposes.
You understand and agree that AT&amp;T may drill, cut, and otherwise alter improvements on the premises (including walls, flooring, and/or other surfaces) in order to install, maintain, or repair the Service.
If you do not own your premises or your unit is part of a MTU, you warrant that you have obtained permission from any necessary party, including but not limited to the owner, landlord, or building manager, to allow AT&amp;T and its subcontractors reasonable access to install, maintain, and repair the Service and to make any alterations AT&amp;T deems appropriate for the work to be performed.
You acknowledge that AT&amp;T may use existing wiring, including altering the wiring and removing accessories, located within your unit ("Inside Wiring" or "IW").
You warrant that you own or control the Inside Wiring, and give AT&amp;T permission to use, alter, and remove equipment from, such wiring.
Without limiting any other provisions of this TOS, you agree to indemnify AT&amp;T from and against all claims by an owner, landlord, building manager, or other party in connection with installation, maintenance, repair, or provision of the Services. d.
Power and Battery Backup.
The AT&amp;T Equipment may require electrical power from your premises to operate, which you are responsible for providing.
If there is a gateway at your premises, AT&amp;T will not provide an initial gateway battery backup unit or an initial backup battery.
Any backup battery solution is your responsibility.
You may choose to purchase battery backup for your AT&amp;T Equipment from third party manufacturers or retailers.
For more information and minimum specifications visit att.com/batterybackup.
You also agree to be solely responsible for determining when backup batteries for any AT&amp;T Equipment require replacement and for replacing and recycling used batteries.
You agree to read and follow all manufacturer or vendor directions for the replacement and recycling of backup batteries.
For more information and minimum specifications visit att.com/batterybackup.

Note that AT&amp;T Equipment without battery backup will not function in the event of a loss of customer-supplied power.
This will disrupt your Internet Service as well as any additional services that use the AT&amp;T Connection for transport (e.g.
Voice over IP including e911) or require an internet connection to operate properly.
AT&amp;T will have no liability for loss of any service(s), whether provisioned by AT&amp;T or a third party, in the event of interruption of customer-supplied power, with or without battery backup present in the AT&amp;T equipment.
 e.
Theft or Misuse.
You agree to notify AT&amp;T immediately, in writing or by calling the AT&amp;T customer support line, if the AT&amp;T Equipment is stolen or if you become aware at any time that Services are being stolen or fraudulently used.
When you call or write, you must provide a detailed description of the circumstances of the theft, including documentation of theft or fraudulent use of the AT&amp;T Equipment or Services (such as a copy of a police report).
You will be responsible for all charges incurred until you report the theft or fraudulent use.
You will also be responsible for stolen AT&amp;T Equipment not owned by you, however, AT&amp;T may in its sole discretion waive or reduce charges upon submission of documentation of theft or other circumstances.
Failure to provide notice to AT&amp;T of theft in a timely manner may result in the termination of your Services and additional charges to you.
Unless notified otherwise by AT&amp;T, after you report the theft or fraudulent use of the Services, you will remain responsible for paying your monthly fees for Services not stolen or fraudulently used. f.
Return of AT&amp;T Equipment:
Except as otherwise provided, AT&amp;T Equipment must be returned to AT&amp;T undamaged, within twenty-one (21) calendar days after your Service is terminated for any reason.
If equipment is not returned within twenty-one (21) calendar days, or is returned damaged, you will be charged a Non-Return Equipment Fee.
We may retain any advance payment or deposit, or portion thereof that previously had not been refunded, if you fail to return the AT&amp;T Equipment within this time period.
If all AT&amp;T Equipment is returned within six (6) months of termination, any fees charged for such AT&amp;T Equipment will be refunded (other than fees for damages).
No refunds will be made for AT&amp;T Equipment returned more than six (6) months after termination.
This Paragraph also applies if your existing equipment is replaced or upgraded for any reason. 8.
Account Security
You will receive a password associated with your Member ID upon completing the Service registration process.
You agree to keep confidential all passwords, IP addresses, and computer names and are solely responsible for any liability or damages resulting from your failure to maintain that confidentiality.
You are also solely and fully responsible and liable for all activities that occur under your password, Member ID or IP address.
You agree to do all of the following:
(a) immediately notify AT&amp;T if you suspect any breach of security such as loss, theft, Public Use or unauthorized disclosure or use of your Member Account or Sub Account, password, Member ID, or any credit or charge card number provided to AT&amp;T by calling:
800.288.2020 for AT&amp;T Internet and AT&amp;T Fiber consumer subscribers and Fixed Wireless subscribers
800.321.2000 for AT&amp;T Internet for Business, AT&amp;T High Speed Internet Business Edition, AT&amp;T High Speed Internet Business Edition Direct and/or Fixed Wireless Internet business subscribers
855.220.5211 for Access from AT&amp;T in English (855.220.5225 for Access from AT&amp;T in Spanish)
877.722.3755 for AT&amp;T High Speed Internet subscribers, and AT&amp;T High Speed Internet Direct (Business and Consumer)
888.321.2375 for FastAccess Business DSL, FastAccess Business DSL Direct, FastAccess DSL, and BellSouth Dial Internet subscribers (Business and Consumer)
866.722.3425 for AT&amp;T Dial subscribers
(b) Ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session.
and,
(c) Periodically change your password.
There is a risk that other users may attempt to access your computer through the Internet or connected networks.
You acknowledge this risk as inherent to the shared nature of the Service and you agree to take full responsibility for taking adequate security precautions and safeguarding your data from loss.
9.
Third Party Services
The Service may permit access to products, services, websites, advertisements, and content ("Third Party Content and Services") from advertisers, publishers, vendors and other third parties ("Third Parties").
Your use of Third Party Content and Services may be subject to additional terms of use set by the Third Parties.
YOUR USE OF THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND DISCRETION. AT&amp;T does not investigate, monitor, represent, endorse or publish the Third Party Content and Services.
Furthermore, AT&amp;T does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, statement or other information provided by any Third Party, or represent or warrant that your use of any Third Party Content or Services will not infringe the rights of third parties.
AT&amp;T reserves the right to restrict or deny access to any Third Party Content and Services otherwise accessible through the Service.
AT&amp;T shall have no liability to you arising out of or in connection with your access to and use (or misuse) of the Third Party Content and Services.

You may have previously been given the option to combine your Member ID with a user account or ID that was created in connection with certain Third Party Content and Services (a "Third Party ID") to enable single sign on to the Site.
In AT&amp;T's sole discretion, AT&amp;T may elect to separate your Member ID from the Third Party ID.
In such case, use of the Third Party ID will no longer enable you to authenticate into the Site or any other AT&amp;T digital properties, and you will need to use your Member ID, Access ID or another ID that was created via AT&amp;T, which was not combined with a Third Party ID, to access the Site or any other AT&amp;T digital properties.
Continued access and use of any Third Party Content and Services or Third Party ID will be subject to the terms of use provided by the applicable third party.

10.
Restrictions on Use
Your use of the Service is subject to the AT&amp;T Acceptable Use Policy ("AUP") which may be viewed at https://www.att.com/aup and is hereby incorporated into the Agreement as though fully set forth herein.
In accordance with the AUP, AT&amp;T reserves the right to deny, disconnect, modify and/or terminate, without notice, the Member Account or the Service provided by AT&amp;T to any customer whose use of the service violates the AUP.
Examples of violations of the AUP include, but are not limited to: (i) unlawful activities, (ii) violation of intellectual property rights, (iii) publication or dissemination of threatening material, (iv) inappropriate interaction with minors, (v) Spam/E-mail/Usenet abuse, (vi) uses which are harmful to or interfere with the use of AT&amp;T's network or systems, or the network of any other provider, (vii) uses which interfere with the use or enjoyment of the Services received by others, (viii) uses that constitutes a security risk or a violation of privacy.
In addition, AT&amp;T reserves the right to terminate or suspend the Service for any of the reasons set forth in the AUP, including when AT&amp;T reasonably determines that your use of the Service (including use by others under a Master Account or any Sub Account) may expose AT&amp;T to sanctions, prosecution, civil action or any other liability, See the AUP for a more detailed discussion of the policy.
a.
No Resale.
The Service is provided for your use only (unless otherwise specifically stated) and you agree not to, whether for a fee or without charge, reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, transfer, trade, resell, re-provision, redistribute, or rent the Service, your membership in the Service, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service, including, but not limited to, reselling capabilities enabled or used by a specific application (including, without limitation, Voice Over Internet Protocol (VOIP) via wired, wireless or other means.
For example, you agree that the Service is not to be used to trunk or facilitate public internet access ("Hotspots") or any other public use of the Service, or for any high volume purpose.
All aspects of the Service, except that portion provided by third party providers, is copyrighted and property of AT&amp;T. b.
Copyright Infringement &amp.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
You are prohibited from infringing, publishing, submitting, copying, uploading, downloading, posting, transmitting, reproducing, or distributing software, video or audio content, or any other material that is protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, any other type of intellectual property rights, trademark laws (by rights of privacy or publicity) or other proprietary right of any party unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consent to do the same.
This prohibition includes the use of any material or information including images or photographs that are made available through the Service(s).
AT&amp;T assumes no responsibility, and you assume all risks, regarding the determination of whether material is in the public domain, or may otherwise be used by you for such purposes.

AT&amp;T respects the intellectual property rights of others.
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") and other applicable laws, AT&amp;T has adopted and maintains a policy that provides for termination of Service in appropriate circumstances of the account(s) of customers who are repeat copyright infringers.
AT&amp;T may limit, suspend or terminate your service at any time with or without notice to you.
If you believe the copyright to your work has been infringed in connection with an AT&amp;T service that involves system caching, information residing on systems or networks at the direction of users, or information location tools as described in 17 U.S.C.
§§ 512(b)–(d), please provide the information listed at https://www.att.com/legal/terms.dmca.html to the designated agent listed at https://www.att.com/legal/terms.dmca.html.
AT&amp;T has no obligation to investigate possible copyright infringements with respect to materials transmitted on its systems.
However, AT&amp;T will process valid notifications of claimed infringement under the DMCA.
For further information regarding such notifications, see https://www.att.com/legal/terms.dmca.html.
AT&amp;T also maintains the AT&amp;T Copyright Alert Program that allows copyright holders to notify AT&amp;T of claimed infringement occurring on AT&amp;T's transitory digital network communications services pursuant to 17 U.S.C.
§ 512(a).
Under the program, content owners may submit notifications to AT&amp;T of alleged copyright infringement based on information they have independently collected by joining peer-to-peer networks, in accordance with the industry standard Automated Copyright Notice System.
AT&amp;T then will attempt to identify a subscriber account if the content owner has detected an IP address utilized by an AT&amp;T subscriber and forward a copyright alert to the subscriber account, advising the account holder of the allegation and providing information about online copyright infringement.
If a subscriber receives additional alerts, we may temporarily redirect the account holder's broadband Internet access service to a webpage where the account holder must review material on the importance of copyright and the lawful use of content available over the Internet.
Upon completion of this review, such redirection will be discontinued and the subscriber's service will be restored to normal.
After this stage, if a subscriber continues to receive additional alerts, AT&amp;T may take further action consistent with 17 U.S.C.
§ 512(i), which may ultimately result in termination of the subscriber/accountholder's broadband Internet access service.
Account holders' personally identifiable information is protected throughout this process.
AT&amp;T will not provide such information to content owners unless required to do so by court order.
For more information about AT&amp;T's Copyright Alert Program, please go to: https://copyright.att.net/home.
AT&amp;T's policies may be revised from time to time and, in addition, AT&amp;T may in its sole discretion voluntarily participate, on terms acceptable to AT&amp;T, in copyright alert and graduated response programs with other stakeholders.
c.
Use by Children.
AT&amp;T is concerned about the safety and privacy of all its users, particularly children.
For this reason, children under the age of 13 should not be permitted to access the Service unless added as a Sub Account by a Member Account holder who is their legal guardian.
You understand that by adding a child to your Member Account, you are giving your child access to features that are available as part of the Service (including email, message boards, clubs, and instant messages) and the Internet.
Please remember that the Service is designed to appeal to a broad audience.
It is your responsibility to determine whether the features provided through the Service are appropriate for a minor.
AT&amp;T suggests that you take advantage of the access controls offered with the Service, which allow you, as the Member Account holder, to block access to certain types of web content you may feel are inappropriate for minors.
However, AT&amp;T also recommends that you remain diligent in the supervision of any minors in their use of the Service and the Internet.
Access controls provided through the Service are intended as a guide only.
Neither AT&amp;T nor its licensors can be responsible for any content accessed by you or minors, whether or not you take advantage of the access controls provided through the Service.
In addition, neither AT&amp;T nor its licensors guarantee the accuracy of such access controls, and you agree that you will not hold AT&amp;T liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of such access controls.
d.
Network Management.
AT&amp;T reserves the right to engage in reasonable network management practices, to protect its broadband network from harm, compromised capacity, degradation in network performance or service levels, or uses of the Service which may adversely impact access to or the use of the Service by other customers.
Reasonable network management practices that AT&amp;T may adopt include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) a cap on data usage.
(ii) a modification of a customer's serving facility or service technology, and/or (iii) a modification of or a limitation on a customer's data throughput speed or data consumption.
A very small percentage of customers use the Service in a way which creates harm to the network, compromised capacity, degradation in network performance or service levels, or which may adversely impact access to or the use of the Service by other customers.
In the event that AT&amp;T adopts a network management practice which will apply to your Service, we will provide you with a notice, by web posting, bill insert, email, letter and/or other appropriate means, which describes the network management practice, explains how it will work, and explains how it could impact your Service. 11.
Data Management / Content
a.
Data Management.
You are responsible for management of your information including but not limited to back-up and restoration of data, erasing data from disk space you control and changing data on or settings for your modem and/or router.
AT&amp;T is not responsible for the loss of your data or for the back-up or restoration of your data regardless of whether this data is maintained on our servers or your computer server. b.
Content.
You, and not AT&amp;T, are entirely responsible for all content that you upload, download, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available by use of the Service ("User Content").
AT&amp;T does not claim ownership of User Content.
However, with respect to User Content you submit or otherwise make available via your Internet Service, you grant AT&amp;T a nonexclusive, unrestricted, irrevocable, worldwide, sublicenseable, transferable, perpetual, unlimited, assignable, fully paid up and royalty-free right to copy, display, edit, publish, prepare derivative works of, distribute, process, analyze, use and commercialize, in any media known or hereinafter developed, to such User Content.
AT&amp;T may preserve User Content and may also disclose User Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process.
(b) enforce this Agreement.
(c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties.
or, (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of AT&amp;T, other end users, and the public. 12.
Privacy Policies
Your use of the Service and registration data and certain other information about you, are subject to the respective privacy policies of AT&amp;T.
This policy is available at: att.com/privacy.
To manage your privacy choices, you may do so by visiting att.com/cmpchoice from your desktop or from your mobile Web browser.
13.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION WITH AT&amp;T BY BINDING ARBITRATION

PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY.
IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS.

Consumer Customers: See Arbitration sections below.
Business Customers: See Schedule 6.
Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to the customer's satisfaction by calling our customer service department at 1-800-288-2020.
In the unlikely event that AT&amp;T's customer service department is unable to resolve a complaint you may have to your satisfaction (or if AT&amp;T has not been able to resolve a dispute it has with you after attempting to do so informally), we each agree to resolve those disputes through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis.
class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted. For any non-frivolous claim that does not exceed $75,000, AT&amp;T will pay all costs of the arbitration.
Moreover, in arbitration you are entitled to recover attorneys' fees from AT&amp;T to at least the same extent as you would be in court.
In addition, under certain circumstances (as explained below), AT&amp;T will pay you more than the amount of the arbitrator's award and will pay your attorney (if any) twice his or her reasonable attorneys' fees if the arbitrator awards you an amount that is greater than what AT&amp;T has offered you to settle the dispute.



Arbitration Agreement




AT&amp;T and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between you and AT&amp;T.
This agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:
claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory;


claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);


claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class.
and


claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.

References to "AT&amp;T", "you", and "us" include our respective subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of the Service under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may bring an individual action in small claims court.
This arbitration agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
Such agencies, can, if the law allows, seek relief against us on your behalf.
YOU AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND AT&amp;T ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision.
This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement.

A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written Notice of Dispute ("Notice").
The Notice to AT&amp;T should be addressed to: Office for Dispute Resolution, AT&amp;T, 1025 Lenox Park Blvd., Atlanta, GA 30319 ("Notice Address").
The Notice must (1) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute.
and (2) set forth the specific relief sought ("Demand").
If AT&amp;T and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within thirty (30) days after the Notice is received, you or AT&amp;T may commence an arbitration proceeding.
During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by AT&amp;T or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which you or AT&amp;T is entitled.

You may download or copy a form Notice and a form to initiate arbitration from here: att.com/arbitration-forms.



After AT&amp;T receives notice at the Notice Address that you have commenced arbitration, it will promptly reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for greater than $75,000.
(The filing fee currently is $200, but is subject to change by the arbitration provider.
If you are unable to pay this fee, AT&amp;T will pay it directly upon receiving a written request at the Notice Address).
The arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, "AAA Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), as modified by this Agreement, and will be administered by the AAA.
The AAA Rules are available online at www.adr.org, by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879, or by writing to the Notice Address.
(You may obtain information that is designed for non-lawyers about the arbitration process at att.com/arbitration-information.) The arbitrator is bound by the terms of this Agreement.
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the arbitration provision are for the court to decide.
Unless AT&amp;T and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address.
If your claim is for $10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules.
If your claim exceeds $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules.
Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.Except as otherwise provided for herein, AT&amp;T will pay all AAA filing, administration and arbitrator fees for any arbitration initiated in accordance with the notice requirements above.
If, however, the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all such fees will be governed by the AAA Rules.
In such case, you agree to reimburse AT&amp;T for all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the AAA Rules.
In addition, if you initiate an arbitration in which you seek more than $75,000 in damages, the payment of these fees will be governed by the AAA rules.

If, after finding in your favor in any respect on the merits of your claim, the arbitrator issues you an award that is greater than the value of AT&amp;T's last written settlement offer made before an arbitrator was selected, then AT&amp;T will:
pay you the greater of the award or $10,000 ("the alternative payment"), whichever is greater.
and
pay your attorney, if any, twice the amount of attorneys' fees, and reimburse any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs), that your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating, preparing, and pursuing your claim in arbitration ("the attorney premium").

If AT&amp;T did not make a written offer to settle the dispute before an arbitrator was selected, you and your attorney will be entitled to receive the alternative payment and the attorney premium, respectively, if the arbitrator awards you any relief on the merits.
The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees, expenses, and the alternative payment and the attorney premium at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within fourteen (14) days of the arbitrator's ruling on the merits.

The right to attorneys' fees and expenses discussed in paragraph (d) supplements any right to attorneys' fees and expenses you may have under applicable law.
Thus, if you would be entitled to a larger amount under the applicable law, this provision does not preclude the arbitrator from awarding you that amount.
However, you may not recover duplicative awards of attorneys' fees or costs.
Although under some laws AT&amp;T may have a right to an award of attorneys' fees and expenses if it prevails in an arbitration, AT&amp;T agrees that it will not seek such an award.
The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim.
YOU AND AT&amp;T AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, unless both you and AT&amp;T agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
If this specific proviso is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void.
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, we agree that if AT&amp;T makes any future change to this arbitration provision (other than a change to the Notice Address) during the period of time that you are receiving Services, you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to the Arbitration Notice Address provided above.
By rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this provision.
14.
Software - End User License Agreement
If you have connected to the Service by downloading or installing software made available by AT&amp;T, either directly or through one or more vendors (the "Software"), your use of that Software is subject to the End User License Agreement that accompanied that Software.
Otherwise, AT&amp;T, or its applicable third party licensors, grants you a personal, non-exclusive right and license to use the object code of any software provided to you in conjunction with the Service on a single computer.
provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Software.
You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, nor to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Service.
You agree not to access the Service by any means other than through the interface that is provided by AT&amp;T for use in accessing the Service.
The Software is provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS.
Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraphs (a) through (d) of the Commercial Computer Restricted Rights clause at FAR 52.227-19 when applicable, or in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of The Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause of DFARS and in similar clauses in the NASA FAR Supplement.
AT&amp;T, or applicable third party licensors may provide Software upgrades, updates or supplements (such as, but not limited to, adding or removing features or updating security components).
You understand that whether the equipment is owned by you or AT&amp;T, AT&amp;T, or the applicable third party licensor, has the unrestricted right, but not the obligation, to upgrade, update, or supplement the Software on your equipment at any time.


Export Limits
.
None of the software or underlying information or technology may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (a) into (or to a national or resident of) any country to which the United States has embargoed goods.
or (b) to anyone on the U.S.
Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S.
Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders.
The Software and any underlying technology may not be exported outside the United States or to any foreign entity or "foreign person" as defined by U.S.
government regulations, including without limitation, anyone who is not a citizen, national or lawful permanent resident of the United States.
15.
Operational Limits/Force Majeure
Provisioning of the Service is subject to the availability and the operational limitations of the requisite equipment and associated facilities.
You understand and agree that temporary interruptions of the Service may occur as normal events in the provision of the Service and that AT&amp;T is not liable for such interruptions.
You further understand and agree that AT&amp;T has no control over third party networks you may access in the course of your use of the Service, and therefore, delays and disruptions of other network transmissions are beyond the control of AT&amp;T.
In addition, AT&amp;T is not liable for any failure of performance due to any cause beyond their reasonable control including acts of God, fire, explosion, vandalism, terrorism, cable cut, major weather disturbance, national emergencies, riots, wars, labor difficulties, supplier failures, shortages, breaches, any law, order, regulation, direction, action, or request by any government, civil or military authority, or suspension of existing service in compliance with state and/or federal law, rules and regulations, or delays caused by you or your equipment.
16.
Customer Service Support
AT&amp;T provides free basic customer care for Service purchased from AT&amp;T and covered under this Agreement.
Although AT&amp;T reserves certain rights related to equipment necessary to receive the Service and will repair or replace damaged equipment as AT&amp;T deems necessary (in each case, as described in, and subject to the terms and conditions (including fees and other charges) set forth in, Section 7 above), AT&amp;T does not provide support for devices that access the Service under this Agreement.
17.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:


YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
THEY ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR GUARANTIES OF ANY KIND.
AT&amp;T AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY A COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING, OR USAGE OF TRADE.
YOU BEAR THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE EQUIPMENT AND ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ENTIRE COST OF ANY NECESSARY REPAIR.


AT&amp;T AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (i) THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, CURRENT, COMPLETE OR ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATION, (v) ANY ERRORS IN THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED AND (vi) THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER DISABLING DEVISES OF HARMFUL COMPONENTS.


ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.


NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM AT&amp;T OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.
18.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT NEITHER AT&amp;T NOR ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS OR LICENSORS WILL BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSES (EVEN IF AT&amp;T HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM.
(a) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE, THE EQUIPMENT AND/OR SOFTWARE.
(b) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES.
(c) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA.
(d) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE.
(e) FAILURE TO INSURE THE COMPATIBILITY OF YOUR SYSTEM (INCLUDING THE EQUIPMENT, DEVICES, AND SOFTWARE THAT YOU PROVIDE TO RECEIVE THE SERVICE) WITH THE SERVICE, AND/OR SOFTWARE.
(f) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE, AND/OR SOFTWARE.
AND/OR (g) BATTERY BACKUP.


Exclusions and Limitations.
 SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF SECTIONS 17 AND 18 MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
19.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold AT&amp;T and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders, licensors or other partners and employees harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Service, your use of the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of this Agreement, your violation of the AUP or your violation of any rights of another.
You acknowledge that you are responsible for all use of the Service using your account, including use by Sub Accounts, and that this Agreement, the Acceptable Use Policy and Privacy Policies, as amended from time to time, apply to any and all usage of your account, including use by Sub Accounts.
You agree to abide by these terms and you agree to defend, hold harmless and indemnify AT&amp;T from and against any and all claims stemming from usage of this account and any Sub Account – whether or not such usage is expressly authorized by you.
20.
General
a.
Contact Information.
Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, notices by Members to AT&amp;T must be given by calling: for AT&amp;T Dial subscribers (866.722.3425), for AT&amp;T High Speed Internet subscribers (Business and Consumer) (877.722.3755), for AT&amp;T Internet and AT&amp;T Fiber subscribers (Consumer Only) (800.288.2020), for FastAccess DSL and BellSouth Dial Internet subscribers (Business and Consumer) (888.321.2375), for Fixed Wireless Internet (Business and Consumer) (800.288.2020), and for AT&amp;T Internet for Business (800.321.2000). b.
Trademark Information/Proprietary Rights.
AT&amp;T and the AT&amp;T logos and all other AT&amp;T brands, logos and product and service names ("AT&amp;T marks") are registered trademarks or trademarks of AT&amp;T Intellectual Property.
Any use of AT&amp;T Marks is prohibited without permission of AT&amp;T Intellectual Property.
Nothing contained in this Agreement may be construed to convey to you any interest, title, or license in the Member ID, email address, Universal Resource Locator, IP address, or domain name used by you in connection with the Service.
c.
Additional Terms.
This Agreement, any other policies or guidelines referenced herein and the terms set forth in any promotional offer for the Service constitute the entire agreement between AT&amp;T and you.
This Agreement governs your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreement between you and AT&amp;T with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.
You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use or purchase certain other AT&amp;T or affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software.
The failure of AT&amp;T to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of this Agreement remain in full force and effect.
You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, there shall be no third party beneficiaries to this agreement.
You agree that regardless of any statute of laws to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or this Agreement must be filled within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
We can assign all or part of AT&amp;T rights or duties under this Agreement without notifying you.
You may not assign this Agreement or the Services without prior written consent.
If any part of this Agreement is found invalid, the rest of the Agreement will remain valid and enforceable.
The section titles and paragraph headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. d.
Survival.
Obligations and rights in connection with this Agreement, which by their nature would continue beyond the termination, cancellation or expiration of this Agreement, will survive the termination, cancellation or expiration of the Agreement, including, but not limited to those in the following sections: Equipment and Software, Payment, Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitation of Liability, Dispute Resolution by Binding Arbitration, General.
To report violations of this Agreement or the AT&amp;T Acceptable Use Policy, please go to: https://www.att.com/aup or e-mail us at abuse@att.net.
e.
Consent to Contact.
You expressly authorize, and specifically consent to allowing, AT&amp;T and/or its affiliates, outside collection agencies, outside counsel, or any other agents acting by or on behalf of AT&amp;T (collectively, the "AT&amp;T Parties") to contact you with informational messages regarding your account, including but not limited to contact in connection with any and all matters relating to unpaid past due charges billed by AT&amp;T to you.
You agree that such contact may be made to any mailing address, telephone number, cellular phone number, e-mail address, or any other electronic address including a number for a cellular phone or other wireless device or service (collectively, your "Contact Information") that you have provided, or may in the future provide, to AT&amp;T or any AT&amp;T Party, or which any AT&amp;T Party otherwise identifies as your Contact Information, and to any and all telephone numbers, wireless devices or electronic addresses billed on your AT&amp;T account.
You expressly consent and agree that such contact may be made using, among other methods, pre-recorded or artificial voice messages delivered by an automatic telephone dialing system, text messages delivered by an automated system, pre-set e-mail messages delivered by an automatic e-mailing system, or any other pre-set electronic messages delivered by any other automatic electronic messaging system, regardless of whether you incur charges as a result.
You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete contact information to AT&amp;T and its authorized agents and to promptly update your contact information to keep it true, accurate and complete. Schedule 1 - List of Services by Brand Name and AT&amp;T Entities
Unless otherwise expressly provided in writing to the contrary, the services covered by the applicable terms include, without limitation, those listed below and are generally provided by the applicable AT&amp;T entities identified below.

IP BROADBAND INTERNET SERVICES include


AT&amp;T Fiber and/or AT&amp;T Business Fiber
AT&amp;T Internet, AT&amp;T Internet Basic and/or AT&amp;T Internet for Business
AT&amp;T High Speed Internet (including Max and/or Max Plus)
AT&amp;T High Speed Internet for Business (including Max and/or Max Plus)
(Note: AT&amp;T High Speed Internet Max and Max Plus were sometimes formerly referred to as U-verse Internet)

DSL INTERNET SERVICES include

AT&amp;T High Speed Internet (including Lite, Ultra, Xtreme, XtremePro, Basic, Express, Pro and/or Elite)
AT&amp;T High Speed Internet Direct (including Lite, Ultra, Xtreme, XtremePro, Basic, Express, Pro and/or Elite)
AT&amp;T High Speed Internet Business Edition and/or AT&amp;T High Speed Internet Business Edition Direct
DSL Direct (including Express, Pro and/or Elite)

FastAccess DSL and/or FastAccess DSL Direct (including Lite, Ultra, Xtreme and/or XtremePro)
FastAccess Business DSL and/or FastAccess Business DSL Direct

DIAL UP INTERNET SERVICES include

AT&amp;T Dial services
BellSouth® Dial Internet Service
Unless otherwise expressly specified in writing to the contrary, INTERNET SERVICES are provided by your local AT&amp;T telephone company, depending on the state where service is provided, as follows:
BellSouth Telecommunications, LLC in AL, GA, FL, KY, LA, MS, NC, SC, and TN.
Southwestern Bell Telephone Company in AR, KS, MO, OK, and TX
Pacific Bell Telephone Company in CA,
Illinois Bell Telephone Company in IL,
Indiana Bell Telephone Company, Incorporated in IN,
Michigan Bell Telephone Company in MI,
Nevada Bell Telephone company in NV,
The Ohio Bell Telephone Company in OH
Wisconsin Bell, Inc.
in WI,
Outside of the local AT&amp;T telephone company franchise areas in the states listed above, Internet Services are generally provided by Teleport Communications America, LLC and/or one or more of its subsidiaries.
Outside of the states identified above, Internet Services are provided as indicated below:
AT&amp;T DIAL is provided in states not listed above by AT&amp;T Corp.

Other INTERNET SERVICES are provided by TC Systems, Inc.
in NY and by Teleport Communications America, LLC in any other state not identified in the list above.
 
Unless otherwise specified, FIXED WIRELESS INTERNET is provided in all applicable states by AT&amp;T Mobility LLC, acting on behalf of its FCC-licensed affiliates doing business as AT&amp;T.
All companies listed in this Schedule 1 are referred to in this Agreement, where, as and to the extent applicable, as "AT&amp;T or "we," "us," or "our".
Schedule 2 - IP Broadband Internet Service
"IP Broadband Service" refers to any internet service provided through Internet Protocol technology and generally encompasses those services marketed as "AT&amp;T Internet" and "AT&amp;T Fiber."In addition to those terms contained in the body of this Agreement, the following additional terms apply to customers purchasing and/or receiving IP Broadband Internet Services.
I Where applicable, and except as otherwise specified, these terms will modify the terms contained in the body of the Agreement solely with respect to IP Broadband Internet Service.
In the event of a conflict between these terms and terms contained within the body of this Agreement, the following terms will apply solely with respect to the IP Broadband Internet Services.

Additional Equipment for AT&amp;T Internet and/or AT&amp;T Fiber Customers. AT&amp;T will make available to you certain equipment, which may include one or more of the following:
(1) a Wi-Fi Gateway ("WG") located inside your premises,
(2) an Optical Network Terminal ("ONT") where AT&amp;T's fiber network terminates, which may be located inside your premises, on the outside of your premises, in your garage, or in a central location in a MTU environment;
(3) an Intelligent Network Interface Device ("iNID") (which provide your services if you do not have a gateway),
all of which are herein collectively referred to as "Internet Equipment"), required for your Service.
If you have not purchased Internet Equipment from AT&amp;T or if previously purchased Internet Equipment is beyond the one-year (1-year) warranty period (from date of installation) and requires replacement, then you agree to pay a monthly equipment fee for the Internet Equipment, as part of your purchase of or continued use of the Service and/or other AT&amp;T services.
Equipment fees and purchase options depend on the AT&amp;T Services and/or rate plans you order and the installation options you choose.
The WG is installed inside your premises and is required for the Service to function.
A WG allows multiple devices to connect and communicate to the Internet wirelessly.
Smartphones, tablets and laptops are common devices that access the Internet through a WG.
A WG resides indoors and has a power cord that plugs into a common electrical outlet.
A battery backup is recommended in case of a power outage.
Some WG's have an external battery backup while others have an internal battery backup.
AT&amp;T will install the WG.
Once the WG has been installed by AT&amp;T, you may not move the WG to a different location or reposition at your address or any other address.

Return of Equipment. If your Service is provided by an iNID, you should not return the iNID home networking hub, (Model# j38HG) or the ONT.
AT&amp;T is the owner of the WG.
Upon termination of your Service for any reason, AT&amp;T shall remain the owner of the WG, and you must return the WG, undamaged, within 21 calendar days to AT&amp;T.
If the WG is not returned within 21 calendar days, or is returned damaged, you will be charged for the replacement value of the WG.
(You should also return any set top boxes or TV receivers you may have received for use with related AT&amp;T Services.)
Schedule 3 - Fixed Wireless Service
"Fixed Wireless Internet Service" or "Fixed Wireless Internet" refers to a wireless high-speed broadband internet access service that offers you a capability for acquiring or retrieving information from.
generating, storing, transforming, processing, or utilizing information on.
or making available information to other Internet end points connected directly or indirectly via a fixed wireless connection to the AT&amp;T network.
In addition to those terms contained in the body of this Agreement, the following additional terms apply to customers purchasing and/or receiving Fixed Wireless Internet Service.
Where applicable, and except as otherwise specified, these terms will modify the terms contained in the body of the Agreement solely with respect to Fixed Wireless Internet Service.
In the event of a conflict between these terms and terms contained within the body of this Agreement, the following terms will apply solely with respect to the Fixed Wireless Internet Service.

Speed. As set forth on the Speed Tier Page, Fixed Wireless Internet customers should expect to see service capability speeds of 10Mbps or over downstream and 1Mbps upstream.

IP Addresses. Static IP addresses are not used or available as part of the Fixed Wireless Internet Service.
Services such as Web hosting, or hosted services such as camera, gaming server, etc.
that require static IP address are not supported by Fixed Wireless Internet.
See Section 7, below, for more information on service limitations.

Service Requirements. To qualify for Fixed Wireless Internet Service, you must reside in an area where we provide Fixed Wireless Internet service.
Fixed Wireless Internet requires an outdoor antenna that is professionally mounted on or near the exterior of your service location.
Unless otherwise noted in the terms governing your plan, an eligible Fixed Wireless Internet plan is required.
Customers obtaining broadband services under the Connect America Fund (CAF) program may be randomly subjected to performance testing to comply with FCC CAFII certification requirements.
Performance testing will be conducted for a duration of four weeks and should have minimal impact on customer's Internet access experience.
This testing will conducted by AT&amp;T and should not require any customer intervention.

Changing Service Location. You may not use the Fixed Wireless Internet Service at any address other than your Service address or move any of the Equipment to another address while you remain an AT&amp;T Fixed Wireless customer.
If you are moving to a new residence at which Fixed Wireless Internet Service is available, and you wish to continue using the Service, you may request that AT&amp;T install the Service and the Equipment at, and change your Service address to, your new residence, although we may require a contract extension for any such installation and change.
If Fixed Wireless Internet Service is not available at your new residence or if we cannot perform installation at such residence for any reason, and if you also have a Term Plan, you will be charged any applicable Early Termination Fee.
If you change your service location but fail to call us at 800.288.2020 to give us prior notice, your Service will not be cancelled, and your Service charges will continue to apply.

Fixed Wireless Equipment. Depending on your Service address, your Fixed Wireless Internet Service will include some or all of the following AT&amp;T Equipment:
1) Outdoor Antenna.
The Outdoor Antenna provides an interface to AT&amp;T's network.
The Outdoor Antenna and the APS (described below) require electrical power from your service location to operate, which you are responsible for providing.
AT&amp;T will install your Outdoor Antenna.
Once the Outdoor Antenna has been installed by AT&amp;T, you may not move the Outdoor Antenna to a different location or reposition at your address or any other address while you continue to receive the Service.
2) Antenna Power Supply ("APS").
The APS provides power supply and data connectivity for the Outdoor Antenna.
your unit has integrated lightning surge protection and two LED Indicators: Power and Outdoor Antenna connectivity.
AT&amp;T will install your APS.
Once the APS has been installed by AT&amp;T, you may not move the APS to a different location or reposition at your address or any other address while you continue to receive the Service.
3) Wi-Fi Gateway ("WG").
The WG is installed inside your premises and is required for the Service to function.
A WG allows multiple devices to connect and communicate to the Internet wirelessly.
Smartphones, tablets and laptops are common devices that access the Internet through a WG.
A WG resides indoors and has a power cord that plugs into a common electrical outlet.
A battery backup is recommended in case of a power outage.
Some WGs have an external battery backup while others have an internal battery backup.
AT&amp;T will install the WG.
Once the WG has been installed by AT&amp;T, you may not move the WG to a different location or reposition at your address or any other address.
You agree that, while you continue to receive the Service, neither you nor a third party will move the Equipment within your premises or to any other physical location outside of the premises where it was installed by AT&amp;T.
AT&amp;T Fixed Wireless Internet Service is not designed to be nomadic and may not function properly if the Equipment is moved or altered by a non-AT&amp;T employee.
If you require the Equipment to be moved while you continue to receive the Service, you must contact AT&amp;T.
Failure to do so may result in a failure of the Service and/or in AT&amp;T's termination of your Service.

Responsibility for and Return of Equipment. Upon termination of your Service for any reason, AT&amp;T shall remain the owner of the Wi-Fi Gateway, and you must return the Wi-Fi Gateway, undamaged, within 21 calendar days to AT&amp;T.
If the Wi-Fi Gateway is not returned within 21 calendar days, or is returned damaged, you will be charged for the replacement value of the Wi-Fi Gateway.
Although the Outdoor Antenna and APS will constitute AT&amp;T Equipment during the term of any Fixed Wireless Internet Service, you will be considered the owner of the Outdoor Antenna and APS for all other purposes and you will not need to return the Outdoor Antenna and APS to AT&amp;T upon termination of your Fixed Wireless Internet Service.
Upon termination of your Service for any reason, the Outdoor Antenna and APS will remain where installed at your location and you will be solely responsible for any and all future service, care, maintenance and removal of the Outdoor Antenna and APS.
Service, care, maintenance and removal of the Outdoor Antenna and APS should be performed only by an experienced professional.
you should not attempt to perform such activities yourself.
AT&amp;T shall have no ongoing duty, obligation, or responsibility to perform any service, care, or maintenance on the Outdoor Antenna and/or APS or to uninstall or remove the Outdoor Antenna and/or APS after termination of the Service.
AT&amp;T shall have no liability to you or any other person or entity related to or arising out of the Outdoor Antenna and/or APS.
You agree to indemnify and hold AT&amp;T and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, licensors, employees, sub-contractors, and partners harmless from any claim or demand, made after termination of Service, arising out of or related to the Outdoor Antenna and/or APS, including, but not limited to, claims for personal injury, property damage, wear and tear, or equipment degradation.

Service Availability and Limitations. Fixed Wireless Internet Service will not be available in all areas at all times.
Many factors can affect the availability and quality of your Fixed Wireless Internet Service, including, but not limited to, Capacity Limitations such as network capacity, terrain, buildings, foliage, and weather.
Fixed Wireless Internet Service is delivered via cell sites in AT&amp;T's wireless network.
Each cell site can support only a limited number of subscribers.
These Capacity Limitations may mean that Fixed Wireless Internet may be identified as available at the time of ordering but may not prove to be available at the time scheduled for installation.
Fixed Wireless Internet Service is not compatible with analog services, including, but not limited to, wireless messaging services, alarm and security systems, fax machines, medical alert and monitoring services, credit card machines, IP/PBX Phone systems, or dial-up Internet.
Fixed Wireless Internet Service may not be compatible with DVR/Satellite systems.
check with your provider.
Public IP addresses are not used or available through Fixed Wireless Internet Service.
Services like Web hosting, or hosted services, such as cameras, gaming systems, peer-to-peer file sharing, etc., that require a public IP address are not supported.
Fixed Wireless Internet Service may be interrupted, delayed, or otherwise limited for a variety of reasons, including environmental conditions, unavailability of radio frequency channels, system capacity, network management, priority access by National Security and Emergency Preparedness personnel in the event of a disaster or emergency, coordination with other systems, equipment modifications and repairs, and problems with the facilities of interconnecting carriers.
Fixed Wireless Internet Service is also subject to the following service limitations and/or Capacity Limitations:

Proximity of antennas;
Cell tower outage or site outage;
Maintenance work at a cell tower;
Use of capacity due to high number of users simultaneously using data intensive applications;
Damage to the Outdoor Antenna or cables;
Rotation of Outdoor Antenna from the optimum bearing;
Device location outside the range of Wi-Fi Gateway;
Blockage of the signal between premise antenna and the cell tower (caused by artificial objects – building, barn, etc.);
Improper installation or tampering with Outdoor Antenna.
and
Power outage.


Prohibited Network Uses. Our wireless network is a shared resource, which we manage for the benefit of all of our customers.
To ensure the activities of some users do not impair the ability of our customers to have access to reliable services provided at reasonable costs, certain activities and uses are prohibited (Prohibited Network Uses).
These Prohibit Network Uses are in addition to and not in lieu of the requirements set forth in AT&amp;T's Acceptable Use Policy.
We may take any and all reasonable actions necessary to restrict any prohibited network uses, including those addressed in AT&amp;T's Acceptable Use Policy and/or any use in a manner that:

Hinders other customers' access to the wireless network;
Involves the installation or similar mechanism to originate, amplify, enhance, retransmit or generate a radio frequency signal without our permission;
Negatively affects our network or compromises network security or capacity;
Excessively and disproportionately contributes to network congestion;
Adversely impacts network service levels or legitimate data flows;
Degrades network performance.
or
Causes harm to the network or other customers.

PLEASE NOTE: As of the effective date of these Terms, the contact telephone number for assistance with Fixed Wireless Internet issue has been changed from 855.483.3063 to 800.ATT.2020 (or 800.288.2020).
Calls to 855.483.3063 will be forwarded for a short period of time on a transitional basis but all future calls regarding Fixed Wireless Internet should be made to 800.ATT.2020.Schedule 4 - DSL Internet Service
"DSL Service" or "DSL Internet Service" refers to any Internet Service provided through traditional Digital Subscriber Line technology, which may include Services sold under the names AT&amp;T High Speed Internet, AT&amp;T High Speed Internet Business, FastAccess DSL and/or FastAccess Business DSL, individually or collectively.
(Note: Internet Services sold under the name AT&amp;T High Speed Internet included both DSL Services and IP Broadband Services.
If you are unsure which applies to your Internet Service, please contact us for more information.)
In addition to those terms contained in the body of this Agreement, the following additional terms apply to customers purchasing and/or receiving DSL Service.
Where applicable, and except as otherwise specified, these terms will modify the terms contained in the body of the Agreement solely with respect to DSL Service.
In the event of a conflict between these terms and terms contained within the body of this Agreement, the following terms will apply solely with respect to the DSL Service.

Termination of Local Wireline Voice Service. If you change or terminate your AT&amp;T local wireline voice service, we may in our discretion either terminate your DSL Service or continue to provide it at the then-current rates, terms, and conditions.
You agree to pay any new or higher monthly fees that may apply to your new DSL Service after termination of the wireline voice service.
If AT&amp;T elects to terminate your DSL Service, we reserve the right to charge any applicable early termination fees.

Capacity Limitations. DSL Internet Services are particularly subject to limits upon availability due to Capacity Limitations.
If DSL Internet Services are suspended or terminated at your locations for any reason, AT&amp;T cannot guarantee that you will be able to subsequently renew or restore DSL Internet Service at that location.

Conversion from DSL Service to AT&amp;T Internet Service. When AT&amp;T is able to provision AT&amp;T IP Broadband Internet Service at your location, we may, in our discretion, discontinue your DSL Service and make available to you AT&amp;T IP Broadband Internet Service at the then applicable rates, terms, and conditions, which may differ from your previous DSL Service rates, terms, and conditions (including Bundle Discounts).
If you are on a Term Plan and your price will increase as a result of this conversion, you will not have to pay any applicable Early Termination Fee if you elect to cancel DSL Service instead of receiving IP Broadband Internet Service.
In the event that you elect to receive AT&amp;T IP Broadband Internet Service, your new Internet Service may require different AT&amp;T Equipment.
When you are selected for conversion, we will provide at least thirty days' notice of the discontinuation or suspension of your Service via email, direct mail, bill page message, or bill insert.
Thirty days after such notice, we may at our sole discretion, either disconnect your service or temporarily suspend your service for up to fifteen days.

Billing. Credit card billing may not be available for AT&amp;T High Speed Internet Direct.
Schedule 5 - Dial Up Internet
"Dial Up Internet" refers to any Internet Service provided through dial-up Internet access, such as AT&amp;T Dial and/or BellSouth® Dial Internet Service, individually or collectively.
In addition to those terms contained in the body of this Agreement, the following additional terms apply to customers purchasing and/or receiving Dial Up Internet Service.
Where applicable, and except as otherwise specified, these terms will modify the terms contained in the body of the Agreement solely with respect to Dial Up Internet Service.
In the event of a conflict between these terms and terms contained within the body of this Agreement, the following terms will apply solely with respect to the Dial Up Internet Service.

Speed. AT&amp;T Dial Up Internet is a narrow band internet service.
AT&amp;T makes no commitment with respect to the speed of Dial Up Internet.
Speed is entirely dependent upon Customer Equipment utilized to access the AT&amp;T Dial Up Internet Service.

IP Addresses. AT&amp;T Dial Up Internet Service supports IPV4 only: It does not support IPV6.

Dial-Up Access Options and Toll Charges. AT&amp;T will provide telephone numbers to connect to or register for the Service.
Depending on location, local access numbers for dial-up Internet access may not be available in your area.
Even access numbers in your area code may result in toll, usage, or long distance charges.
Please check with your local phone company to determine whether additional charges apply.
You are responsible for selecting the best number for you and for all telephone fees and charges associated with the use of the telephone number you select.
In no event will AT&amp;T be responsible for any telephone fees or charges incurred as a result of the telephone number you select.
Use of the Service (or portions thereof) and of specific telephone numbers is subject to change or interruption at the discretion of the telecommunication company or AT&amp;T.

Termination of Dial Service. Monthly recurring charges for Dial service are not prorated.
If you disconnect, cancel, move to another price plan, or are suspended by AT&amp;T prior to month-end, you will be charged for the entire month of Service.
If you upgrade your AT&amp;T Dial service to an AT&amp;T Internet Service your Dial charges will be prorated.
Schedule 6


Business Internet Services




Additional Terms and Conditions Applicable only to Business Internet Services


In addition to those terms contained in the body of this Agreement, the following additional terms apply to customers purchasing and/or receiving Business Internet Services.
Where applicable, and except as otherwise specified, these terms will modify the terms contained in the body of the Agreement solely with respect to Business Internet Services.
In the event of a conflict between these terms and terms contained within the body of this Agreement, the following terms will apply solely with respect to the Business Internet Services.
"Business Internet Services" include AT&amp;T Business Fiber, AT&amp;T Internet for Business, AT&amp;T High Speed Internet Business Edition, AT&amp;T High Speed Internet Business Edition Direct, AT&amp;T Internet for Business, FastAccess Business DSL, and FastAccess Business DSL Direct.
1.
Inside Wire.
When ordering AT&amp;T Internet Service, you will be responsible for obtaining Inside Wire (IW) in the form of copper wire or fiber optic cable between AT&amp;T's network termination interface at your building and the gateway equipment located at the customer premises.
You may have the option of ordering IW from AT&amp;T or installing your own IW.
If you elect to install your own IW, the IW must be installed and available for use by AT&amp;T Technicians before you order AT&amp;T Internet Service.
If inside wire service is ordered from AT&amp;T, it is Customer's full responsibility to obtain landlord permission or approvals for such inside wiring.
For AT&amp;T Internet for Business (fiber-based only), any determination of whether the inside wire work will be provided by you or AT&amp;T will be made at the time the installation technician is dispatched and surveys the job. 2.
Inside Wire - Disclaimer of Warranties.
If inside wire is provided by AT&amp;T, Customer will upon completion of installation have full ownership and responsibility for such inside wire.
AT&amp;T MAKES NO WARRANTY TO CUSTOMER OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY WORK OR MATERIALS CONSTITUTING OR ASSOCIATED WITH ANY INSIDE WIRE.
AT&amp;T EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE, AND AT&amp;T HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY TO MAINTAIN, UPDATE, REPAIR, REPLACE, DE-INSTALL, OR REMOVE ANY INSTALLED INSIDE WIRE.
 3.
Local Wi-Fi.
Depending upon the Internet Service you purchase, your Internet Service may include Wi-Fi enabled local area networking equipment ("Wi-Fi Equipment") in order to help you allow Wi-Fi enabled devices to wirelessly connect to your Internet Service ("Local Wi-Fi").
(See the Applicable Schedule for details about what kind of Wi-Fi networking equipment many be included with the particular Internet Service you are purchasing.)
In order to use Local Wi-Fi, you must have Wi-Fi enabled devices that (a) meet U.S.
and WiFi Alliance standards.
(b) are compatible with the Wi-Fi network being generated by the applicable Wi-Fi Equipment.
and (c) are capable of running IP and related protocols.
The Wi-Fi enabled device you are utilizing must be in close enough proximity to the Wi-Fi Equipment to achieve connectivity with the Local Wi-Fi.
Actual Local Wi-Fi coverage and quality may vary depending upon the location of the Wi-Fi Equipment, the location of the applicable Wi-Fi enabled device and conditions in and around the premises in which both the Equipment and the Wi-Fi enabled device operate.
Local Wi-Fi is designed to provide you with the highest speed available from the network at any given point in time, subject to the many different factors that can affect network performance.
AT&amp;T's most recent generation of Wi-Fi Equipment generally supports the IEEE 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac standard, although older Wi-Fi Equipment may only support the IEEE 802.11b or IEEE 80.11b/g standards.
The theoretical maximum speed you may be capable of achieving from your Home Wi-Fi will depend heavily on which IEEE 802.11 standard is supported by the Wi-Fi Equipment you have as well as which IEEE 802.11 standard is supported by the particular device you are utilizing.
(By way of example only, IEEE 802.11b offers a theoretical maximum of 11 Mbps while IEEE 802.11n offers a theoretical maximum of 600 Mbps.
Even if the Wi-Fi Equipment at your location is capable of supporting IEEE 802.11n, if you are utilizing an older device that is only capable of supporting the older IEEE 802.11b standard your theoretical maximum speed will be limited to 11 Mbps.)
Although the IEEE 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac standards have theoretical maximum speeds ranging from over ten Mbps to over a gigabit per second, depending on which standard applies, actual Wi-Fi speeds will be substantially lower than the theoretical maximum speeds which describe the physical throughput rate including Wi-Fi protocol communications.
The result is that the maximum you can receive may not exceed 40%-50% of the theoretical maximum Wi-Fi standard speed and may be significantly lower depending on other applicable factors.
In addition to the factors discussed above, the actual speed you experience over Wi-Fi will depend in part on the speed of the connection between the Wi-Fi network you are accessing and the destination you want to reach on the Internet, which may be significantly below the theoretical maximum speed of the service.
(By way of example only, if you order AT&amp;T Internet 25, with a download speed range of between 15 Mbps and 25 Mbps according to the AT&amp;T Speed Tier page, even if the Wi-Fi Equipment at your location and the device you are utilizing are both capable of supporting the IEEE 802.11n standard with a theoretical maximum speed of 600 Mbps, the theoretical maximum internet download speed with your device connected to your Local Wi-Fi will never exceed 25 Mbps.) 4.
Local Area Network Management.
Although AT&amp;T reserves the right to manage any equipment used to access any Internet Service, you are solely responsible for all security measures over your internal network, including any IW, local area network(s) and/or Wi-Fi Equipment.
That includes, but is not limited to, access to authorization codes or passwords, as well as any encryption you deem necessary or required.
AT&amp;T may provide you with tools or software to assist you in managing one or more aspects of your internal network (which software would then be included in the term "Software" as used herein below), but you remain solely responsible for all aspects of your network, including any activity by employees, customers or other guests that you may allow (either intentionally or unintentionally, through lack of adequate security measures) to access your Internet Services via your local area network and/or Local Wi-Fi.
For that reason, AT&amp;T recommends that you take all necessary measures to ensure adequate network security and to closely monitor use of your Internet Services and your local network by anyone accessing your network. 5.
Service Guides.

If you are an AT&amp;T FastAccess Business DSL customer, or an AT&amp;T High Speed Internet Business Edition customer, you are also subject to the terms set forth in the service guides for these services, which are incorporated herein by reference and may be found at:


http://serviceguidenew.att.com/sg_flashPlayerPage/FADSL (Fast Access® Business DSL)
http://serviceguidenew.att.com/sg_flashPlayerPage/HSI (AT&amp;T High Speed Internet Business Edition)
6.
Reimbursement for Time, Materials and Expenses.
If Customer cancels an order for or terminates any Service or Service Component (other than as permitted for default by AT&amp;T), or AT&amp;T cancels an order for or terminates any Service or Service Component for cause, prior to its Service Commencement Date, Customer will reimburse AT&amp;T for time, materials and expenses incurred prior to the effective date of such cancellation or termination, plus any third party charges resulting from the cancellation or termination. 7.
Arbitration Agreement:
AT&amp;T and you ("We") agree to resolve all disputes between us through binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its Commercial Arbitration Rules, as modified by this provision.
This agreement to arbitrate is broad, and includes disputes of any type between AT&amp;T (including its subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, predecessors, successors, and assigns) and you (including authorized or unauthorized users/beneficiaries of services or devices) under this or prior agreements.
We agree that WE are waiving the right to a trial by jury, to participate in a class action, or to seek remedies beyond the extent necessary to provide individualized relief to, and affecting only, AT&amp;T or You ALone.
WE AGREE NOT TO ACT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED OR DE FACTO CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, OR AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL OR ON BEHALF OF THE GENERAL PUBLIC. Except for matters relating to arbitrability or to the scope and enforceability of the arbitration provision or the interpretation of the limitations on class, representative, private attorney general, and non-individualized relief, all issues are for the arbitrator to decide.
A party seeking arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written Notice of Dispute ("Notice").
Notice to AT&amp;T must be addressed to: Office of Dispute Resolution, AT&amp;T, 1025 Lenox Park Blvd., Atlanta, GA 30319 ("Notice Address").
The Notice must (a) describe the basis of the claim or dispute.
(b) describe the specific relief sought ("Demand").
and (c) provide your AT&amp;T account number.
If We do not resolve the claim within 30 days after receipt of the Notice, either of us may commence an arbitration.
The amount of any settlement offer made by AT&amp;T or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount of any award on the merits.
Unless We agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county of your billing address.
AT&amp;T will pay all AAA filing, administration, and arbitrator fees for a claim brought by AT&amp;T or for a claim or Demand valued at up to $25,000 brought by You.
If the arbitrator finds that your claim or Demand is frivolous or is brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of fees will be governed by the AAA rules and You agree to reimburse AT&amp;T for fees already paid by AT&amp;T that are your obligation under the AAA rules.
If you complied with the notice procedures above.
the value of your claim or Demand is $25,000 or less.
and the arbitrator awards you an amount greater than the value of AT&amp;T's last written settlement offer made before an arbitrator was selected (or any amount if AT&amp;T made no offer), AT&amp;T will:

Pay you the award or $10,000, whichever is greater ("Alternative Payment").
and
Pay your attorney, if any, the amount of attorneys' fees and expenses (including expert witness fees and costs) that your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating, preparing and pursuing your claim in arbitration ("Attorney Award").

The arbitrator may rule on the payment of fees, expenses, and the Alternative Payment and Attorney Award during the proceeding and within 14 days after his/her final ruling on the merits.
In assessing whether the award is greater than the value of AT&amp;T's last written settlement offer, the arbitrator may consider only those attorneys' fees or expenses that you incurred through the date of your Notice and which had been awarded to You.
You may also recover attorneys' fees and expenses under applicable law, but you may not recover duplicative awards of attorneys' fees or expenses.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and the Federal Arbitration Act governs.
This arbitration provision survives termination of this Agreement.
As the exclusive alternative to arbitration, AT&amp;T or you may commence an individual action in Small Claims Court.
If a court rejects enforcement of any of the limitations on class, representative, private attorney general, or non-individualized relief as to a particular claim for relief, then that claim (and only that claim) must be severed from the arbitration and may be brought in court.
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, We agree that if AT&amp;T makes any future change to this arbitration provision (except a change to the Notice Address) during your Service commitment, you may reject any such change by sending AT&amp;T written notice within 30 days of the change to the Notice Address.
By rejecting any future change,You agree to arbitrate any dispute in accordance with the language of this provision.
If you are located in Puerto Rico, in addition to pursuing arbitration in accordance with this provision, you may notify the Telecommunications Regulatory Board of Puerto Rico of your grievance.
Mail: 500 Ave.
Roberto H.
Tood (Parada 18), San Juan, Puerto Rico 00907-3941.
Phone: 1-787-756-0804 or 1-866-578-5500.
Online: jrtpr.gobierno.pr.
Schedule 7 — Access from AT&amp;T
"Access from AT&amp;T" refers to AT&amp;T's program designed to making low cost wireline home internet service exclusively available to Qualifying Households utilizing certain Underlying Internet Services (as those terms are defined below).
In addition to those terms contained in the body of this Agreement, and those terms applicable to the Underlying Internet Service, the following additional terms apply to customers participating in the Access from AT&amp;T program.
Where applicable, and except as otherwise specified, these terms will modify the terms contained in the body of the Agreement solely with respect to the Access from AT&amp;T program.
In the event of a conflict between these terms and terms contained within the body of this Agreement, the following terms will apply solely with respect to the Access from AT&amp;T Service.

Qualifying Households. For purposes of Access from AT&amp;T, a "Qualifying Household" refers to a) any individual or household with at least one resident who participates in the U.S.
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP).
(b) with an address in AT&amp;T's twenty one (21) state service area, at which we offer wireline home Internet service, AND (c) no outstanding debt for AT&amp;T fixed Internet service of any kind within the last six (6) months and no outstanding debt incurred under the Access from AT&amp;T program.
California households with at least one resident who receives Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefits also may qualify based on the same requirements that apply to SNAP participants.

Limited Availability. Access from AT&amp;T is only available to Qualifying Households.
If your residence is not a Qualifying Household, you are not eligible for Access from AT&amp;T.

Underlying Internet Services. Depending upon the facilities at the location to which the Service is being provided, Access from AT&amp;T can be provided via either DSL Service or IP Broadband Internet Service, which are referred to as the "Underlying Internet Service.
Qualifying Households will be provisioned with the highest speed tier Underlying Internet Service available based on the facilities at the applicable residence, based on the following chart.
The monthly price that you will be charged for your Access from AT&amp;T will depend on the Underlying Internet Service you receive, as indicated below.SERVICE NAME
SERVICE TYPE
DOWNLOAD RANGE
UPLOAD RANGE
MONTHLY PRICE*
Internet 12
IPBB
6.1-12 Mbps
.512-1.5 Mbps
$10 / month
Internet 10
IPBB
6-10 Mbps
.6-1.0 Mbps
$10 / month
Internet Basic 6
IPBB
3.1-6.0 Mbps
.512-1.0 Mbps
$10 / month
FastAccess DSL XtremePro
High Speed Internet Elite
DSL
3.1-6.0 Mbps
.512-1.0 Mbps
$10 / month
Internet Basic 5
IPBB
3-5 Mbps
.6-1.0 Mbps
$10 / month
Internet Basic 3
IPBB
1.56-3.0 Mbps
.384-1.0 Mbps
$5 / month
FastAccess DSL Xtreme
FastAccess DSL Direct Xtreme
High Speed Internet Pro
DSL
1.56-3.0 Mbps
.384-1.0 Mbps
$5 / month
Internet Basic 1.5
IPBB
1-1.5 Mbps
.384-1.0 Mbps
$5 / month
FastAccess DSL Ultra
FastAccess DSL Direct Ultra
High Speed Internet Express
DSL
.769-1.5 Mbps
128-384 Kbps
$5 / month
Internet Basic 768
IPBB
200-768 Kbps
128-384 Kbps
$5 / month
FastAccess DSL Lite
FastAccess DSL Direct Lite
High Speed Internet Basic
DSL
200-768 Kbps
128-384 Kbps
$5 / month




* Prices are as of the effective date of this Agreement only and may be subject to change.
Please call 855.220.5211 or visit https://www.att.com/shop/internet/access/#/ for current prices.


Service availability and speed may vary by address.
AT&amp;T will assign you the fastest speed tier Underlying Internet Service available where you live, which shall be at AT&amp;T's sole discretion.
If none of the speeds identified in the chart above are technically available at your address, you will not be able to participate in the Access from AT&amp;T program.

Underlying Internet Service Terms. Other terms applicable to your Access for AT&amp;T program will depend on Underlying Internet Service you receive.
In general, you will be subject to all the terms applicable to the Service Type into which your Underlying Internet Service falls.
However, notwithstanding the applicable Underlying Internet Service terms, Qualifying Households who participate in the Access for AT&amp;T program will not be required to
(1) make any annual or monthly term commitments.
(2) provide a deposit in order to initiate installation or activation of the Underlying Internet Service.
or
(3) pay an installation fee associated with the installation of the Underlying Internet Service

Additional Equipment for Access from AT&amp;T Customers. AT&amp;T will make available to you certain equipment for use in connection with your Access from AT&amp;T Service, which may include a Wi-Fi Gateway ("WG") located inside your premises.
The WG is installed inside your premises and is required for the Service to function.
A WG allows multiple devices to connect and communicate to the Internet wirelessly.
Smartphones, tablets and laptops are common devices that access the Internet through a WG.
A WG resides indoors and has a power cord that plugs into a common electrical outlet.
A battery backup is recommended in case of a power outage.
Some WGs have an external battery backup while others have an internal battery backup.
AT&amp;T is the owner of the WG.
Upon termination of your Service for any reason, AT&amp;T shall remain the owner of the WG, and you must return the WG, undamaged, within 21 calendar days to AT&amp;T.
If the WG is not returned within 21 calendar days, or is returned damaged, you will be charged for the replacement value of the WG.
  To be notified of changes to the Acceptable Use Policy, please complete the form available at http://www.corp.att.com/aup/subscribe.html.
Introduction
AT&amp;T is at all times committed to complying with the laws and regulations governing use of the Internet, e-mail transmission and text messaging and preserving for all of its Customers the ability to use AT&amp;T's network and the Internet without interference or harassment from other users.
The AT&amp;T Acceptable Use Policy ("AUP") is designed to help achieve these goals.

By using IP Service(s), as defined below, Customer(s) agrees to comply with this Acceptable Use Policy and to remain responsible for its users.
AT&amp;T reserves the right to change or modify the terms of the AUP at any time, effective when posted on AT&amp;T's web site at www.att.com/aup.
Customer's use of the IP Service(s) after changes to the AUP are posted shall constitute acceptance of any changed or additional terms.

Scope of the AUP
The AUP applies to the AT&amp;T services that provide (or include) access to the Internet, including hosting services (software applications and hardware), or are provided over the Internet or wireless data networks (collectively "IP Services").
Prohibited Activities
General Prohibitions:
AT&amp;T prohibits use of the IP Services in any way that is unlawful, harmful to or interferes with use of AT&amp;T's network or systems, or the network of any other provider, interferes with the use or enjoyment of services received by others, infringes intellectual property rights, results in the publication of threatening or offensive material, or constitutes Spam/E-mail/Usenet abuse, a security risk or a violation of privacy.
Failure to adhere to the rules, guidelines or agreements applicable to search engines, subscription Web services, chat areas, bulletin boards, Web pages, USENET, applications, or other services that are accessed via a link from the AT&amp;T-branded website or from a website that contains AT&amp;T-branded content is a violation of this AUP.
Unlawful Activities:
IP Services shall not be used in connection with any criminal, civil or administrative violation of any applicable local, state, provincial, federal, national or international law, treaty, court order, ordinance, regulation or administrative rule. Violation of Intellectual Property Rights:
IP Service(s) shall not be used to publish, submit/receive, upload/download, post, use, copy or otherwise reproduce, transmit, re-transmit, distribute or store any content/material or to engage in any activity that infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates the intellectual property rights or privacy or publicity rights of AT&amp;T or any individual, group or entity, including but not limited to any rights protected by any copyright, patent, trademark laws, trade secret, trade dress, right of privacy, right of publicity, moral rights or other intellectual property right now known or later recognized by statute, judicial decision or regulation. Threatening Material or Content:
IP Services shall not be used to host, post, transmit, or re-transmit any content or material (or to create a domain name or operate from a domain name), that harasses, or threatens the health or safety of others.
In addition, for those IP Services that utilize AT&amp;T provided web hosting, AT&amp;T reserves the right to decline to provide such services if the content is determined by AT&amp;T to be obscene, indecent, hateful, malicious, racist, defamatory, fraudulent, libelous, treasonous, excessively violent or promoting the use of violence or otherwise harmful to others. Inappropriate Interaction with Minors:
AT&amp;T complies with all applicable laws pertaining to the protection of minors, including when appropriate, reporting cases of child exploitation to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.
For more information about online safety, visit www.ncmec.org or www.att.com/safety. Child Pornography:
IP Services shall not be used to publish, submit/receive, upload/download, post, use, copy or otherwise produce, transmit, distribute or store child pornography.
Suspected violations of this prohibition may be reported to AT&amp;T at the following e-mail address: cp@abuse-att.net.
AT&amp;T will report any discovered violation of this prohibition to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children and take steps to remove child pornography (or otherwise block access to the content determined to contain child pornography) from its servers. Spam/E-mail/Usenet Abuse:
Violation of the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, or any other applicable law regulating e-mail services, constitutes a violation of this AUP.
Spam/E-mail or Usenet abuse is prohibited using IP Services.
Examples of Spam/E-mail or Usenet abuse include but are not limited to the following activities:

sending multiple unsolicited electronic mail messages or "mail-bombing" – to one or more recipient;
sending unsolicited commercial e-mail, or unsolicited electronic messages directed primarily at the advertising or promotion of products or services;
sending unsolicited electronic messages with petitions for signatures or requests for charitable donations, or sending any chain mail related materials;
sending bulk electronic messages without identifying, within the message, a reasonable means of opting out from receiving additional messages from the sender;
sending electronic messages, files or other transmissions that exceed contracted for capacity or that create the potential for disruption of the AT&amp;T network or of the networks with which AT&amp;T interconnects, by virtue of quantity, size or otherwise;
using another site's mail server to relay mail without the express permission of that site;
using another computer, without authorization, to send multiple e-mail messages or to retransmit e-mail messages for the purpose of misleading recipients as to the origin or to conduct any of the activities prohibited by this AUP;
using IP addresses that the Customer does not have a right to use;
collecting the responses from unsolicited electronic messages;
maintaining a site that is advertised via unsolicited electronic messages, regardless of the origin of the unsolicited electronic messages;
sending messages that are harassing or malicious, or otherwise could reasonably be predicted to interfere with another party's quiet enjoyment of the IP Services or the Internet (e.g., through language, frequency, size or otherwise);
using distribution lists containing addresses that include those who have opted out;
sending electronic messages that do not accurately identify the sender, the sender's return address, the e-mail address of origin, or other information contained in the subject line or header;
falsifying packet header, sender, or user information whether in whole or in part to mask the identity of the sender, originator or point of origin;
using redirect links in unsolicited commercial e-mail to advertise a website or service;
posting a message to more than ten (10) online forums or newsgroups, that could reasonably be expected to generate complaints;
intercepting, redirecting or otherwise interfering or attempting to interfere with e-mail intended for third parties;
knowingly deleting any author attributions, legal notices or proprietary designations or labels in a file that the user mails or sends;
using, distributing, advertising, transmitting, or otherwise making available any software program, product, or service that is designed to violate this AUP or the AUP of any other Internet Service Provider, including, but not limited to, the facilitation of the means to spam.
Security Violations
Customers are responsible for ensuring and maintaining security of their systems and the machines that connect to and use IP Service(s), including implementation of necessary patches and operating system updates.
IP Services may not be used to interfere with, gain unauthorized access to, or otherwise violate the security of AT&amp;T's (or another party's) server, network, network access, personal computer or control devices, software or data, or other system, or to attempt to do any of the foregoing.
Examples of system or network security violations include but are not limited to:

unauthorized monitoring, scanning or probing of network or system or any other action aimed at the unauthorized interception of data or harvesting of e-mail addresses;
hacking, attacking, gaining access to, breaching, circumventing or testing the vulnerability of the user authentication or security of any host, network, server, personal computer, network access and control devices, software or data without express authorization of the owner of the system or network;
impersonating others or secretly or deceptively obtaining personal information of third parties (phishing, etc.);
using any program, file, script, command or transmission of any message or content of any kind, designed to interfere with a terminal session, the access to or use of the Internet or any other means of communication;
distributing or using tools designed to compromise security (including but not limited to SNMP tools), including cracking tools, password guessing programs, packet sniffers or network probing tools (except in the case of authorized legitimate network security operations);
knowingly uploading or distributing files that contain viruses, spyware, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancel bots, corrupted files, root kits or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer, network system or other property, or be used to engage in modem or system hi-jacking;
engaging in the transmission of pirated software;
with respect to dial-up accounts, using any software or device designed to defeat system time-out limits or to allow Customer's account to stay logged on while Customer is not actively using the IP Services or using such account for the purpose of operating a server of any type;
using manual or automated means to avoid any use limitations placed on the IP Services;
providing guidance, information or assistance with respect to causing damage or security breach to AT&amp;T's network or systems, or to the network of any other IP Service provider;
failure to take reasonable security precautions to help prevent violation(s) of this AUP.
Customer Responsibilities
Customers remain solely and fully responsible for the content of any material posted, hosted, downloaded/uploaded, created, accessed or transmitted using the IP Services.
AT&amp;T has no responsibility for any material created on the AT&amp;T's network or accessible using IP Services, including content provided on third-party websites linked to the AT&amp;T network.
Such third-party website links are provided as Internet navigation tools for informational purposes only, and do not constitute in any way an endorsement by AT&amp;T of the content(s) of such sites.
Customers are responsible for taking prompt corrective action(s) to remedy a violation of AUP and to help prevent similar future violations.
AUP Enforcement and Notice

Customer's failure to observe the guidelines set forth in this AUP may result in AT&amp;T taking actions anywhere from a warning to a suspension or termination of Customer's IP Services. When feasible, AT&amp;T may provide Customer with a notice of an AUP violation via e-mail or otherwise allowing the Customer to promptly correct such violation.

AT&amp;T reserves the right, however, to act immediately and without notice to suspend or terminate affected IP Services in response to a court order or government notice that certain conduct must be stopped, or when AT&amp;T reasonably determines that the Customer's use of the affected IP Services may: (1) expose AT&amp;T to sanctions, prosecution, civil action or any other liability.
(2) cause harm to or interfere with the integrity or normal operations of AT&amp;T's network or networks with which AT&amp;T is interconnected.
(3) interfere with another AT&amp;T Customer's use of IP Services or the Internet.
(4) violate any applicable law, rule or regulation.
or (5) otherwise present an imminent risk of harm to AT&amp;T or AT&amp;T Customers.

Copyright Infringement &amp.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
AT&amp;T respects the intellectual property rights of others.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA" found at 17 U.S.C.
§ 512) provides that owners of copyrighted works who believe that their rights under U.S.
copyright law have been infringed may report alleged infringements to service providers like AT&amp;T.
In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable laws, AT&amp;T maintains a policy that provides for the termination of IP Services, under appropriate circumstances, if Customers are found to be a repeat infringer and/or if Customers' IP Services are used repeatedly for infringement (the "Repeat Infringer Policy").
AT&amp;T may terminate IP Services at any time with or without notice to Customers.
AT&amp;T has no obligation to investigate possible copyright infringements with respect to materials transmitted by Customer or any other users of the IP Services.
However, AT&amp;T will process valid notifications of claimed infringement under the DMCA, and continued receipt of infringement notifications for Customer's account will be used as a factor in determining whether Customer is a repeat infringer.
In addition, AT&amp;T may voluntarily participate, on terms acceptable to AT&amp;T, in copyright alert and graduated response programs.
Incident Reporting
Any complaints (other than claims of copyright infringement) regarding violation of this AUP by an AT&amp;T Customer (or its user) should be directed to abuse@att.net.
Where possible, include details that would assist AT&amp;T in investigating and resolving such complaint (e.g., expanded headers, IP address(s), a copy of the offending transmission and any log files).
DMCA Copyright Notifications:
Pursuant to 17 U.S.C.
§§ 512(b)–(d), a copyright holder may send AT&amp;T a valid notification of claimed copyright infringement under the DMCA.
For further information regarding such notifications, see https://www.att.com/legal/terms.dmca.html.
AT&amp;T's designated agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement as described in DMCA subsection 512(c)(3) is:
Manager of Security &amp.
Copyright Infringement
1800 Perimeter Park Drive, Suite 100
Morrisville, NC 27560
E-mail: copyright@att.com
Due to the substantial volume of notifications of claimed infringement that AT&amp;T receives and processes, we are unable to accept notices of alleged copyright infringement via this designated agent or email address other than notifications of claimed infringement sent pursuant to Sections 512(b)–(d).
AT&amp;T also provides transitory digital network communications services, pursuant to 17 U.S.C.
§ 512(a).
In connection with such services, AT&amp;T provides an online form that copyright holders should use to send notifications related to alleged copyright infringement by its users based on the standards of the Automated Copyright Notice System (ANCS).
Copyright holders should use this online form to submit complaints related to alleged peer-to-peer file sharing (i.e.
sharing media files via peer-to-peer networking technology), or other forms of copyright notice other than those sent pursuant to Sections 512(b)–(d) of the DMCA ("ISP Conduit Notices").
By submitting complaints using this online form, we are able to more efficiently manage and process ISP Conduit Notices.
Due to the substantial volume of copyright notices that AT&amp;T receives, we are unable to guarantee processing of ISP Conduit Notices that are sent by other means.
Copyright holders can access AT&amp;T's online form at att.com/p2pnotices.
Please note that copyright holders must complete all fields in the online form before submitting.
Contact Information:
Any notification that AT&amp;T sends to its Customers pursuant to this AUP will be sent via e-mail to the e-mail address on file with AT&amp;T, or may be in writing to Customer's address of record.
It is Customer's responsibility to promptly notify AT&amp;T of any change of contact information.
Effective Date: July 28, 2017
  Our Privacy Commitments

Our privacy commitments are fundamental to the way we do business every day.
These apply to everyone who has a relationship with us - including customers (wireless, Internet, digital TV, and telephone) and Web site visitors.


We will protect your privacy and keep your personal information safe.
We use encryption and other security safeguards to protect customer data.
We will not sell your personal information to anyone, for any purpose.
Period.
We will fully disclose our privacy policy in plain language, and make our policy easily accessible to you.
We will notify you of revisions to our privacy policy, in advance.
No surprises.
You have choices about how AT&amp;T uses your information for marketing purposes.
Customers are in control.
We want to hear from you.
You can send us questions or feedback on our privacy policy.
 About Our Privacy Policy
Whenever you do something like buy one of our products, watch a show or download an app, information is created.
Because we know your privacy is important, we have a Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use and protect that information.
There’s a quick summary below, and the actual policy is written in an easy to understand “Frequently Asked Questions” (FAQ) format.
We want to simplify this explanation, so you can make informed choices about your privacy, and then spend the rest of your time enjoying our products and services.



Effective May 2, 2017

View Full Privacy Policy A Quick Summary of Our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy applies to your use of all products, services and websites offered by AT&amp;T and our AT&amp;T affiliates, such as DIRECTV, unless they have a different privacy policy.
Because some apps, including some AT&amp;T and DTV branded apps, require additional information, or use information in different ways, they may have their own privacy policies and/or terms and conditions.
These apps may also offer you additional choices for managing your personal information.
Back to Top

Our privacy commitments



We don’t sell your Personal Information to anyone for any purpose.
Period.
We keep your Personal Information in our business records while you are a customer, or until it is no longer needed for business, tax or legal purposes.
We will keep your information safe using encryption or other appropriate security controls.

Back to Top

Here’s some of the information we collect:



Account Information includes your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, service-related details such as payment data, security codes, service history and other information like that;

Network Performance &amp.
Usage Information tells us how you use our networks, our products and our services, and how well our equipment and networks are performing;

Web Browsing &amp.
Wireless Application Information tells us about the websites you visit and the mobile applications you use on our networks;

Location Information tells us where your wireless device is located, as well as your ZIP-code and street address;

TV Viewing Information tells us about which programs you watch and record and similar information about how you use our video services and applications.

Back to Top

Here are the three basic ways we collect it:


We get information from you when you do things like make a purchase from us;
We collect it from how you use our products and services;
We obtain information from other sources, like credit agencies, marketing companies, and other service providers.

Back to Top

Here are just some of the ways we use it.
To:


Provide services and improve your customer experience;
Send you bills for your services;
Respond to your questions;
Address network integrity, help in fraud prevention and network and device security issues;
Do research and analysis to maintain, protect, develop and improve our networks and services;
Let you know about service updates, content, offers and promotions that may be of interest to you;
Improve entertainment options;
Deliver Relevant Advertising;
Create External Marketing &amp.
Analytics Reports;
Assist in the prevention and investigation of illegal activities and violations of our Terms of Service or Acceptable Use Policies.

Back to Top

Some examples of who we share your Personal Information with:



Across our companies to give you the best customer experience and to help you get everything we have to offer.

Other, non-AT&amp;T companies that perform services on our behalf only as needed for them to perform those services.
We require them to protect your information consistent with our Policy.

With other companies and entities, to:

Respond to 911 requests and other emergencies or exigencies;
Comply with court orders and other legal process;
Assist with identity verification, and preventing fraud and identity theft;
Enforce our agreements and property rights;
and Obtain payment for products and services including the transfer or sale of delinquent accounts to third parties for collection



Back to Top

Understanding Personal, Anonymous &amp.
Aggregate Information


What is Personal Information? Information that identifies or reasonably can be used to identify you.
What is Anonymous Information? This is information that doesn’t identify you and can't reasonably be used to identify you specifically.
What is Aggregate Information? We take a whole bunch of people’s data and combine it into anonymous groups or categories.
How do we use this information? We use and share this information in many ways including research, analysis, retail marketing, and Relevant Advertising.
This data is also included in External Marketing &amp.
Analytics Reports.
Want to learn more? Go here.

Back to Top

Our Online Privacy Policy for Children


We want you to know that we don't knowingly collect personally identifying information from anyone under the age of 13 unless we first obtain permission from the child's parent or legal guardian.

Back to Top

Your Choices &amp.
Controls


For information about children’s safety and parental controls, view our AT&amp;T Smart Controls and DIRECTV Parental Controls.
You have choices about certain types of advertising you get from us;
You can control whether your anonymous information is used in our External Marketing &amp.
Analytics Reports;
You can choose whether to receive marketing calls, e-mails or text messages or certain other communications from us;
You have a choice about how we use your Customer Proprietary Network Information.

Back to Top.
Visit our Privacy Policy for more information.

Definitions
Scope of this Policy
The Information We Collect, How We Collect It, And How We Use It
Information Sharing
Online Activity Tracking and Advertising
Location Information
Aggregate and Anonymous Information
External Marketing &amp.
Analytics Reports
Online Privacy Policy for Children
Data Protection &amp.
Security
Changes
Choices &amp.
Controls
How to Contact Us



Your California Privacy Rights

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 entitles California customers to request information concerning whether a business has disclosed Personal Information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
As stated in this Privacy Policy, we will not sell your Personal Information to other companies and we will not share it with other companies for them to use for their own marketing purposes without your consent.

California Web Site Data Collection &amp.
"Do Not Track" Notices


Web Site Data Collection: We do not knowingly allow other parties to collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third-party web sites when you use our websites and services.
We provide information about the opt-out choices available to customers, and the opt-out choices provided by certain third-party website and mobile application analytics companies we use here.

"Do Not Track" Notice: Because the providers of "do not track" and similar signals do not yet operate according to common, industry-accepted standards, we currently do not respond to those signals.
For more information on Do Not Track, please visit www.allaboutdnt.com.
California customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with these requirements, or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices and policies may contact us at privacypolicy@att.com, or write to us at AT&amp;T Privacy Policy, Chief Privacy Office, 208 S.
Akard, Room 1033, Dallas, TX 75202.
Back to top 
