 Toggle navigation 

bitwarden 
Home
Business
Download
Help/FAQs
Contact



Create Account


Register

 Log In 


 Privacy Policy  Thanks for entrusting Bitwarden with your personal information.
Holding onto your private information is a serious responsibility, and we want you to know how we're handling it.
 The short version  We only collect the information you choose to give us, and we process it with your consent, or on another legal basis.
we only require the minimum amount of personal information that is necessary to fulfill the purpose of your interaction with us.
we don't sell it to third parties.
and we only use it as this Privacy Statement describes.
If you're visiting us from the EU, please see our global privacy practices: we comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
No matter where you are, where you live, or what your citizenship is, we provide the same standard of privacy protection to all our users around the world, regardless of their country of origin or location.

Of course, the short version doesn't tell you everything, so please read on for more details! What information Bitwarden collects and why Information from website browsers  If you're just browsing the website, we collect the same basic information that most websites collect.
We use common internet technologies, such as cookies and web server logs.
This is stuff we collect from everybody, whether they have an account or not.

 The information we collect about all visitors to our website includes the visitor's browser type, language preference, referring site, additional websites requested, and the date and time of each visitor request.
We also collect potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.

 We collect this information to better understand how our website visitors use Bitwarden, and to monitor and protect the security of the website.
 Information from users with accounts  If you create an account, we require some basic information at the time of account creation.
You will create your own password, and we will ask you for a valid email address.
You also have the option to give us more information if you want to, and this may include "User Personal Information." 
 "User Personal Information" is any information about one of our users which could, alone or together with other information, personally identify him or her.
Information such as an email address and a real name are examples of "User Personal Information." User Personal Information includes Personal Data as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation.

 User Personal Information does not include aggregated, non-personally identifying information.
We may use aggregated, non-personally identifying information to operate, improve, and optimize our website and service.
 Why we collect this 
We need your User Personal Information to create your account, and to provide the services you request, including to provide the Bitwarden service, or to respond to support requests.
We use your User Personal Information, specifically your email address, to identify you on Bitwarden.
We will use your email address to communicate with you.
Please see our section on email communication for more information.
We use your User Personal Information for internal purposes, such as to maintain logs for security reasons, for training purposes, and for legal documentation.
We limit our use of your User Personal Information to the purposes listed in this Privacy Statement.
If we need to use your User Personal Information for other purposes, we will ask your permission first.
 Our legal basis for processing information  Under certain international laws (including GDPR), Bitwarden is required to notify you about the legal basis on which we process User Personal Information.
Bitwarden processes User Personal Information on the following legal bases: 

When you create a Bitwarden account, you provide your email address.
We require this data element for you to enter into the Terms of Service agreement with us, and we process this element on the basis of performing that contract.
We also process your email address on other bases.
If you have a paid account with us, there will be other data elements we must collect and process on the basis of performing that contract.
Bitwarden does not collect or process a credit card number, but our third-party payment processor (Stripe, Braintree, and PayPal) does.
When you fill out the information in your user profile, you have the option to provide User Personal Information such as your full name.
We process this information on the basis of consent.
All of this information is entirely optional, and you have the ability to access, modify, and delete it at any time.
Generally, the remainder of the processing of personal information we perform is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests.
If you would like to request erasure of data we process on the basis of consent, please see the section on how you can access and control the information we collect.
 What information Bitwarden does not collect  We do not intentionally collect sensitive personal information, such as social security numbers, genetic data, health information, or religious information.
Although Bitwarden does not request or intentionally collect any sensitive personal information, we realize that you might store this kind of information in your account.
If you store any sensitive personal information on our servers, you are responsible for complying with any regulatory controls regarding that data.

 If you're a child under the age of 13, you may not have an account on Bitwarden.
Bitwarden does not knowingly collect information from or direct any of our content specifically to children under 13.
If we learn or have reason to suspect that you are a user who is under the age of 13, we will unfortunately have to close your account.
Please see our Terms of Service for information about account termination.
Other countries may have different minimum age limits, and if you are below the minimum age for providing consent for data collection in your country, you may not use Bitwarden without obtaining your parents' or legal guardians' consent.
 How we share the information we collect  We do share User Personal Information so we can perform services you have requested or communicate on your behalf.
You may indicate, through your actions on Bitwarden, that you are willing to share your User Personal Information.
For example, if you join an organization, the owner of the organization will have the ability to view your activity in the organization's access log.

 We do not share, sell, rent, or trade User Personal Information with third parties for their commercial purposes.

 We do not host advertising on Bitwarden.
We may occasionally embed content from third party sites, such as YouTube, and that content may include ads.
While we try to minimize the amount of ads our embedded content contains, we can't always control what third parties show.

 We do not disclose User Personal Information outside Bitwarden, except in the situations listed in this section or in the section below on Compelled Disclosure.

 We do share certain aggregated, non-personally identifying information with others about how our users, collectively, use Bitwarden, or how our users respond to our paid service offerings, such as a premium membership.
For example, we may compile statistics on the number of active users on the platform.
However, we do not sell this information to advertisers or marketers.

 We do share User Personal Information with a limited number of third party vendors who process it on our behalf to provide or improve our service, and who have agreed to privacy restrictions similar to our own Privacy Statement.
Our vendors perform services such as payment processing, customer support ticketing, network data transmission, and other similar services.
While Bitwarden processes all User Personal Information in the United States, our third party vendors may process data outside of the United States or the European Union.

 We do share aggregated, non-personally identifying information with third parties.
For example, in the event of a security incident, we may share the number of times a particular account was accessed.

 We may share User Personal Information if we are involved in a merger, sale, or acquisition.
If any such change of ownership happens, we will ensure that it is under terms that preserve the confidentiality of User Personal Information, and we will notify you on our website or by email before any transfer of your User Personal Information.
The organization receiving any User Personal Information will have to honor any promises we have made in our Privacy Statement or in our Terms of Service.
 Bitwarden applications  You also have the option of using applications from Bitwarden, such as our Desktop or Mobile app.
All Bitwarden applications are subject to this Privacy Statement, and we will always collect the minimum amount of User Personal Information necessary, and use it only for the purpose for which you have given it to us.
 How you can access and control the information we collect  If you're already a Bitwarden user, you may access, update, alter, or delete your basic user profile information by editing your user profile.
 Data retention and deletion  Generally, Bitwarden will retain User Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.

 We may retain certain User Personal Information indefinitely, unless you delete it or request its deletion.
For example, we don't automatically delete inactive user accounts, so unless you choose to delete your account, we will retain your account information indefinitely.

 If you would like to cancel your account or delete your User Personal Information, you may do so in your web vault settings.
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, but barring legal requirements, we will delete your full profile (within reason) within 30 days.
 Our use of cookies and tracking Cookies  Bitwarden uses cookies to make interactions with our service easy and meaningful.
We use cookies (and similar technologies, like HTML5 localStorage) to keep you logged in, remember your preferences, and provide information for future development of Bitwarden.
We also use cookies to identify a device, for security reasons.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your computer or device.
If you disable your browser or device's ability to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or properly use Bitwarden's services.
 Tracking and analytics  We use a number of third party analytics and service providers (such as Google Analytics) to help us evaluate our users' use of Bitwarden.
compile statistical reports on activity.
and improve our content and website performance.
In addition, we use our own internal analytics software to provide features and improve our content and performance.

 We do not currently respond to your browser's Do Not Track signal, and we do not permit third parties other than our analytics and service providers to track Bitwarden users' activity over time on Bitwarden.
We do not track your online browsing activity on other online services over time.

 Google provides further information about its own privacy practices and offers a browser add-on to opt out of Google Analytics tracking if you so choose.
 How Bitwarden secures your information  Bitwarden takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect User Personal Information from unauthorized access, alteration, or destruction.
maintain data accuracy.
and help ensure the appropriate use of User Personal Information.

Bitwarden enforces a written security information program.
Our program:

aligns with industry recognized frameworks;
includes security safeguards reasonably designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of our users' data;
is appropriate to the nature, size, and complexity of Bitwarden's business operations;
includes incident response and data breach notification processes.
and
complies with applicable information security related laws and regulations in the geographic regions where Bitwarden does business.

 In the event of a data breach that affects your User Personal Information, we will act promptly to mitigate the impact of a breach and notify any affected users.

 Transmission of data on Bitwarden is encrypted using SSH, HTTPS, and SSL/TLS.
By design, your vault information is encrypted prior to being transmitted to our servers and is therefore encrypted at rest.
 Bitwarden's global privacy practices 
We store and process the information that we collect in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Statement (our subprocessors may store and process data outside the United States).
However, we understand that we have users from different countries and regions with different privacy expectations, and we try to meet those needs even when the United States does not have the same privacy framework as other countries'.

 We provide the same standard of privacy protection — as described in this Privacy Statement — to all our users around the world, regardless of their country of origin or location, and we are proud of the levels of notice, choice, accountability, security, data integrity, access, and recourse we provide.
We work hard to comply with the applicable data privacy laws wherever we do business.

In particular:

Bitwarden provides clear methods of unambiguous, informed consent at the time of data collection, when we do collect your personal data using consent as a basis.
We collect only the minimum amount of personal data necessary for our purposes, unless you choose to provide more.
We encourage you to only give us the amount of data you are comfortable sharing.
We offer you simple methods of accessing, correcting, or deleting the User Personal Information we have collected.
We provide our users notice, choice, accountability, security, and access, and we limit the purpose for processing.
 How we respond to compelled disclosure  Bitwarden may disclose personally-identifying information or other information we collect about you to law enforcement in response to a valid subpoena, court order, warrant, or similar government order, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect our property or rights, or those of third parties or the public at large.

 In complying with court orders and similar legal processes, Bitwarden strives for transparency.
When permitted, we will make a reasonable effort to notify users of any disclosure of their information, unless we are prohibited by law or court order from doing so, or in rare, exigent circumstances.
 How we, and others, communicate with you  We will use your email address to communicate with you.
For example, if you contact our support team with a request, we will respond to you via email.

 Bitwarden may occasionally send notification emails about new features, requests for feedback, important policy changes, or offer customer support.
We also send marketing emails.
There's an unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each of the marketing emails we send you.
Please note that you can not opt out of receiving important communications from us, such as mails from our support team or system emails.

 Our emails might contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell us whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is.
We use this pixel tag to make our email more effective for you and to make sure we're not sending you unwanted email.
 Changes to our Privacy Statement  Although most changes are likely to be minor, Bitwarden may change our Privacy Statement from time to time.
 Contacting Bitwarden  If you have questions regarding Bitwarden's Privacy Statement or information practices, please feel free to contact us.

8bit Solutions LLC, DBA Bitwarden, is incorporated in the state of Florida in the United States of America.
 This Privacy Statement is available under a Creative Commons Zero license.
Attribution to GitHub, Inc.
Changes have been made to the original content.
 Links 
Home
Download
Business
Contact Us
Credits
 &nbsp.

Blog
 Community Forums 
Help/Support
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
 Follow Us 


Twitter 


Facebook 


GitHub 
 © 2015 - 2019, 8bit Solutions LLC   Toggle navigation 

bitwarden 
Home
Business
Download
Help/FAQs
Contact



Create Account


Register

 Log In 


 Terms of Service  Thank you for using Bitwarden! We're happy you're here.
Please read this Terms of Service agreement carefully before accessing or using Bitwarden.
Because it is such an important contract between us and our users, we have tried to make it as clear as possible.
For your convenience, we have presented these terms in a short non-binding summary followed by the full legal terms.
 Summary Section What can you find there? A.
Definitions Some basic terms, defined in a way that will help you understand this agreement.
Refer back up to this section for clarification.
B.
Account Terms These are the basic requirements of having an account on Bitwarden.
C.
Acceptable Use These are the basic rules you must follow when using your Bitwarden account.
D.
Intellectual Property Notice This describes Bitwarden's rights in the website and service.
E.
Payment You are responsible for payment.
We are responsible for billing you accurately.
F.
Cancellation and Termination You may cancel this agreement and close your account at any time.
G.
Communications with Bitwarden We only use email and other electronic means to stay in touch with our users.
We do not provide phone support.
H.
Disclaimer of Warranties We provide our service as is, and we make no promises or guarantees about this service.
Please read this section carefully.
you should understand what to expect. I.
Limitation of Liability We will not be liable for damages or losses arising from your use or inability to use the service or otherwise arising under this agreement.
Please read this section carefully.
it limits our obligations to you. J.
Release and Indemnification You are fully responsible for your use of the service.
K.
Changes to these Terms of Service We may modify this agreement.
L.
Miscellaneous Please see this section for legal details including our choice of law.
The Bitwarden Terms of Service Effective date: June 1, 2017 A.
Definitions 
Short version:
 We use these basic terms throughout the agreement, and they have specific meanings.
You should know what we mean when we use each of the terms.
There's not going to be a test on it, but it's still useful information.



 The "Agreement" refers, collectively, to all the terms, conditions, notices contained or referenced in this document (the "Terms of Service" or the "Terms") and all other operating rules, policies (including the Bitwarden Privacy Policy, available at bitwarden.com/privacy) and procedures that we may publish from time to time on the Website.

 The "Service" refers to the applications, software, products, and services provided by Bitwarden.

 The "Website" refers to Bitwarden's website located at bitwarden.com, and all content, services, and products provided by Bitwarden at or through the Website.
It also refers to Bitwarden-owned subdomains of bitwarden.com, such as vault.bitwarden.com and help.bitwarden.com.
Occasionally, websites owned by Bitwarden may provide different or additional terms of service.
If those additional terms conflict with this Agreement, the more specific terms apply to the relevant page or service.

 "The User," "You," and "Your" refer to the individual person, company, or organization that has visited or is using the Website or Service.
that accesses or uses any part of the account.
or that directs the use of the account in the performance of its functions.
A User must be at least 13 years of age.

 "Bitwarden,", "8bit," "We," and "Us" refer to 8bit Solutions LLC, as well as our affiliates, directors, subsidiaries, contractors, licensors, officers, agents, and employees.

 "Content" refers to content featured or displayed through the Website, including without limitation text, data, articles, images, photographs, graphics, software, applications, designs, features, and other materials that are available on the Website or otherwise available through the Service.
"Content" also includes Services.
"User-Generated Content" is Content, written or otherwise, created or uploaded by our Users.
"Paid Content" is Content only available to Users who are participating in a payment plan, including premium memberships.

 B.
Account Terms 
Short version:
 A human must create your account.
you must be 13 or over.
you must provide a valid email address.
and you may not have more than one free account.
You alone are responsible for your account and anything that happens while you are signed in to or using your account.
You are responsible for keeping your account secure.


 1.
Required Information 
 You must provide a valid email address in order to complete the signup process.
Any other information requested, such as your real name, is optional, unless you are accepting these terms on behalf of a legal entity (in which case we need more information about the legal entity) or if you opt for a paid account, in which case additional information will be necessary for billing purposes.

 2.
Account Requirements 
We have a few simple rules for accounts on Bitwarden's Service.

 You must be a human to create an account.
Accounts registered by "bots" or other automated methods are not permitted.

 One person or legal entity may maintain no more than one free account.

 You must be age 13 or older.
While we are thrilled to see brilliant young people take an interest in our Service, we must comply with United States law.
Bitwarden does not target our Service to children under 13, and we do not permit any Users under 13 on our Service.
If we learn of any User under the age of 13, we will terminate that User's account immediately.
If you are a resident of a country outside the United States, your country's minimum age may be older.
in such a case, you are responsible for complying with your country's laws.

 Your login may only be used by one person — i.e., a single login may not be shared by multiple people.
A paid organization account may create separate logins for as many users as its subscription allows.

Overall, the number of Users must not exceed the number of accounts you've ordered from us.

 3.
User Account Security 
 You are responsible for keeping your account secure while you use our Service.
We offer tools such as two-factor authentication to help you maintain your account's security, but the content of your account and its security are up to you.


 You are responsible for all content posted and activity that occurs under your account (even when content is posted by others who have accounts under your account).

 You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and password.
Bitwarden cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation.

 You will promptly notify Bitwarden if you become aware of any unauthorized use of, or access to, our Service through your account, including any unauthorized use of your password or account.


 4.
Additional Terms 
 In some situations, third parties' terms may apply to your use of Bitwarden.
For example, you may be a member of an organization on Bitwarden with its own terms or license agreements.
or you may download an application that integrates with Bitwarden.
Please be aware that while these Terms are our full agreement with you, other parties' terms govern their relationships with you.
 C.
Acceptable Use 
Short version:
 Use good faith when using Bitwarden.


 1.
Compliance with Laws and Regulations 
 Your use of the Website and Service must not violate any applicable laws, including copyright or trademark laws, export control laws, or other laws in your jurisdiction.
You are responsible for making sure that your use of the Service is in compliance with laws and any applicable regulations.

 2.
Conduct Restrictions 
While using Bitwarden, you agree that you will not under any circumstances:

 harass, abuse, threaten, or incite violence towards any individual or group, including Bitwarden employees, officers, and agents, or other Bitwarden Users.

 use our servers for any form of excessive automated bulk activity (for example, spamming), or relay any other form of unsolicited advertising or solicitation through our servers.

 attempt to disrupt or tamper with Bitwarden's servers in ways that could harm our Website or Service, to place undue burden on Bitwarden's servers through automated means, or to access Bitwarden's Service in ways that exceed your authorization.

 impersonate any person or entity, including any of our employees or representatives, including through false association with Bitwarden, or by fraudulently misrepresenting your identity or site's purpose.
or 
 violate the privacy of any third party, such as by posting another person's personal information without consent.


 3.
Services Usage Limits 
 You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service without Bitwarden's express written permission.

 4.
Excessive Bandwidth Use 
 If we determine your bandwidth usage to be significantly excessive in relation to other Bitwarden customers, we reserve the right to suspend your account or throttle your file hosting until you can reduce your bandwidth consumption.

 5.
User Protection 
 You agree not to engage in activity that significantly harms our Users.
We will resolve disputes in favor of protecting our Users as a whole.
 D.
Intellectual Property Notice 
Short version:
 We own the service and all of our content.
In order for you to use our content, we give you certain rights to it, but you may only use our content in the way we have allowed.


 1.
Bitwarden's Rights to Content 
 Bitwarden and our licensors, vendors, agents, and/or our content providers retain ownership of all intellectual property rights of any kind related to the Website and Service.
We reserve all rights that are not expressly granted to you under this Agreement or by law.
The look and feel of the Website and Service is copyright ©.
8bit Solutions LLC.
All rights reserved.
 E.
Payment 
Short version:
 You are responsible for any fees associated with your use of Bitwarden.
We are responsible for communicating those fees to you clearly and accurately, and letting you know well in advance if those prices change.


 1.
Pricing 
 Our pricing and payment terms are available at bitwarden.com.
If you agree to a subscription price, that will remain your price for the duration of the payment term.
however, prices are subject to change at the end of a payment term.

 2.
Upgrades, Downgrades, and Changes 

We will immediately bill you when you upgrade from a free plan to any paying plan.
 If you change from a monthly billing plan to a yearly billing plan, Bitwarden will bill you for a full year at the next monthly billing date.

 If you upgrade to a higher level of service, we will bill you for the upgraded plan immediately.

 You may change your level of service at any time by choosing a plan option or going into your Billing settings on the Website.
If you choose to downgrade your account, you may lose access to Content, features, or capacity of your account.


 3.
Billing Schedule.
Refunds 

 For monthly or yearly payment plans, the Service is billed in advance on a monthly or yearly basis respectively.

 We offer a 30 day refund policy on all paid Services.
If you would like a refund, please contact us and we will be more than happy to assist.


 4.
Authorization 
 By agreeing to these Terms, you are giving us permission to charge your on-file credit card, PayPal account, or other approved methods of payment for fees that you authorize for Bitwarden.

 5.
Responsibility for Payment 
 You are responsible for all fees, including taxes, associated with your use of the Service.
By using the Service, you agree to pay Bitwarden any charge incurred in connection with your use of the Service.
If you dispute the matter, contact Bitwarden Support.
You are responsible for providing us with a valid means of payment for paid accounts.
Free accounts are not required to provide payment information.
 F.
Cancellation and Termination 
Short version:
You may close your account at any time.
If you do, we'll treat your information responsibly.

 1.
Account Cancellation 
 It is your responsibility to properly cancel your account with Bitwarden.
You can delete your account at any time by going into your web vault Settings.
The Settings screen provides a simple, no questions asked delete option.

 2.
Upon Cancellation 
 All information is purged from our databases when you cancel your account.
Information cannot be recovered once your account is cancelled.

 3.
Bitwarden May Terminate 
 Bitwarden has the right to suspend or terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately.
Bitwarden reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.

 4.
Survival 
 All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination will survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
 G.
Communications with Bitwarden 
Short version:
We use email and other electronic means to stay in touch with our users.

 1.
Electronic Communication Required 
 For contractual purposes, you (1) consent to receive communications from us in an electronic form via the email address you have submitted or via the Service.
and (2) agree that all Terms of Service, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that those communications would satisfy if they were on paper.
This section does not affect your non-waivable rights.

 2.
Legal Notice to Bitwarden Must Be in Writing 
 Communications made through email or Bitwarden Support's messaging system will not constitute legal notice to Bitwarden or any of its officers, employees, agents or representatives in any situation where notice to Bitwarden is required by contract or any law or regulation.
Legal notice to Bitwarden must be in writing and served on Bitwarden's legal agent.

 3.
No Phone Support 
 Bitwarden only offers support via email, in-Service communications, and electronic messages.
We do not offer telephone support.
 H.
Disclaimer of Warranties 
Short version:
 We provide our service as is, and we make no promises or guarantees about this service.
Please read this section carefully.
you should understand what to expect.


 Bitwarden provides the Website and the Service "as is" and "as available," without warranty of any kind.
Without limiting this, we expressly disclaim all warranties, whether express, implied or statutory, regarding the Website and the Service including without limitation any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, security, accuracy and non-infringement.

 Bitwarden does not warrant that the Service will meet your requirements.
that the Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free.
that the information provided through the Service is accurate, reliable or correct.
that any defects or errors will be corrected.
that the Service will be available at any particular time or location.
or that the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components.
You assume full responsibility and risk of loss resulting from your downloading and/or use of files, information, content or other material obtained from the Service.
 I.
Limitation of Liability 
Short version:
 We will not be liable for damages or losses arising from your use or inability to use the service or otherwise arising under this agreement.
Please read this section carefully.
it limits our obligations to you.


 You understand and agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for any loss of profits, use, goodwill, or data, or for any incidental, indirect, special, consequential or exemplary damages, however arising, that result from 

your use or inability to use the Service;
any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service;
the Service generally or the software or systems that make the Service available;
unauthorized access to or alterations of your transmissions or data;
statements or conduct of any third party on the Service;
any other user interactions that you input or receive through your use of the Service.
or
any other matter relating to the Service.

 Our liability is limited whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damages, and even if a remedy set forth in this Agreement is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
We will have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond our reasonable control.
 J.
Release and Indemnification 
Short version:
You are responsible for your use of the service.

 You agree to indemnify us, defend us, and hold us harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your use of the Website and the Service, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement, provided that Bitwarden (1) promptly gives you written notice of the claim, demand, suit or proceeding.
(2) gives you sole control of the defense and settlement of the claim, demand, suit or proceeding (provided that you may not settle any claim, demand, suit or proceeding unless the settlement unconditionally releases Bitwarden of all liability).
and (3) provides to you all reasonable assistance, at your expense.
 K.
Changes to These Terms 
Short version:
 We want our users to be informed of important changes to our terms, but some changes aren't that important — we don't want to bother you every time we fix a typo.
So while we may modify this agreement at any time, we will notify users of any changes that affect your rights and give you time to adjust to them.


 We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to amend these Terms of Service at any time and will update these Terms of Service in the event of any such amendments.
We will notify our Users of material changes to this Agreement, such as price changes, at least 30 days prior to the change taking effect by posting a notice on our Website.
For non-material modifications, your continued use of the Website constitutes agreement to our revisions of these Terms of Service.

 We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Website (or any part of it) with or without notice.
 L.
Miscellaneous  1.
Governing Law 
 Except to the extent applicable law provides otherwise, this Agreement between you and Bitwarden and any access to or use of the Website or the Service are governed by the federal laws of the United States of America and the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
You and Bitwarden agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts located in the City and County of Jacksonville, Florida.

 2.
Non-Assignability 
 Bitwarden may assign or delegate these Terms of Service and/or the Bitwarden Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent.
You may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations under the Terms of Service or Privacy Policy without our prior written consent, and any unauthorized assignment and delegation by you is void.

 3.
Section Headings and Summaries 
 Throughout this Agreement, each section includes titles and brief summaries of the following terms and conditions.
These section titles and brief summaries are not legally binding.

 4.
Severability, No Waiver, and Survival 
 If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion of the Agreement will be construed to reflect the parties' original intent.
The remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.
Any failure on the part of Bitwarden to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not be considered a waiver of our right to enforce such provision.
Our rights under this Agreement will survive any termination of this Agreement.

 5.
Complete Agreement 
 These Terms of Service, together with the Bitwarden Privacy Policy, represent the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between you and us.
This Agreement supersedes any proposal or prior agreement oral or written, and any other communications between you and Bitwarden relating to the subject matter of these terms.

 6.
Questions 
Questions about the Terms of Service? Contact us.
8bit Solutions LLC, DBA Bitwarden, is incorporated in the state of Florida in the United States of America.
 This Terms of Service is available under a Creative Commons license (CC BY 4.0).
Attribution to GitHub, Inc.
Changes have been made to the original content.
 Links 
Home
Download
Business
Contact Us
Credits
 &nbsp.

Blog
 Community Forums 
Help/Support
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
 Follow Us 


Twitter 


Facebook 


GitHub 
 © 2015 - 2019, 8bit Solutions LLC 