 &nbsp.
Brilliant Cookie Policy 
Effective: May 21, 2018

 Please remember that your use of the Services is at all times subject to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which incorporates this Cookie Policy.
Any terms we use in this Cookie Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
 Cookie Policy  The Services use cookies and similar technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs, JavaScript, and local storage.
Cookies are small files – usually consisting of letters and numbers – placed on your computer, tablet, phone, or similar device, when you use that device to visit a Site.
We will refer to cookies and similar technologies simply as "Cookies" for the remainder of this Cookie Policy.
We use cookies to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you visit and otherwise use the Services through the internet, to analyze trends, and to learn about our user base.

 We may combine non-personally identifiable information collected through cookies with other Personal Information that we have about you, for example, to tell us who you are or whether you have an account.
We may also supplement the information we collect from you with information received from third parties in order to enhance our Services, or to offer you information that we believe may be of interest to you.
Where we use Cookies to collect information that is personally identifiable, or that can become personally identifiable if we combine it with other information, the Brilliant Privacy Policy will apply in addition to this Cookie Policy.

 You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org.
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways.
You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed.
If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
We strongly recommend that you leave cookies active, because they enable you to take advantage of the most attractive features of the Services.

 Further information on cookies can be found at http://ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics/legal/cookies/index_en.htm.
 What Types of Cookies Do We Use and For Which Purposes? We use the following types of Cookies: Essential Cookies  These are cookies that are required to provide you with features or services that you have requested.
For example, Cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our site or use a shopping cart.
Disabling these Cookies will encumber the Services’ performance and may make certain features and services unavailable.
 Analytical Cookies  These Cookies allow us to understand how visitors use our site.
This includes information about the number of visitors to the site, what pages visitors view on our site and how long visitors are viewing pages on the site.
Analytical Cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our advertising campaigns and to optimize our Services’ content for those who engage with our advertising.
 Third Party Cookies  These are Cookies placed by a third party on your device and may provide information to those third parties about browsing habits (including your visits to our Services, the pages you have visited and the links and advertisements you have clicked) that may help identify if certain services that such third parties provide are being used, identify your interests, retarget you and serve advertisements that are relevant to you.
We do not have control or access to such Cookies.
If you look at one page on our Services, an advertisement may be delivered to you on our Services or on other sites, for products referenced on that page or for similar products and services.
We do not engage in retargeted advertising for children users of our Services.
 Session Cookies and Persistent Cookies  The types of Cookies described above may be "session Cookies" which are temporary Cookies that are only stored on your device while you are visiting our site or "persistent Cookies" which are Cookies that are stored on your device for a period of time after you leave our site.
The length of time a persistent Cookie stays on your device varies from Cookie to Cookie.
We use persistent Cookies to store your preferences so that they are available for the next visit, and to keep a more accurate account of how often you visit our Services, how often you return, how your use of the Services may vary over time, and measure the effectiveness of advertising efforts.
Through these Cookies, we may collect information about your online activity after you leave our Services.
Just like any other usage information we collect, this information allows us to improve the Services and customize your online experience.
Your browser may offer you a "Do Not Track" option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites.
Our Services do not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online activity both while you are using the Services and after you leave the Services.
 Cookie Settings  You can decide whether or not to accept Cookies.
One way you can do this is through your internet browser’s settings.
To find our more information about Cookies, including information about how to manage and delete Cookies, please visit https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/ or http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.

 To explore what Cookie setting are available to you, look in the "preferences" or "options" section of your browser's menu.

 If you have any queries regarding this Cookie Policy please contact us at privacy+cookies@brilliant.org.
   1.
Brilliant.org Privacy Statement  Brilliant Worldwide, Inc.
("Brilliant") knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously.
Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Statement.
By using the brilliant.org website, or any of our mobile applications (such as are available via the App Store and Google Play Store), and any related services and/or features (collectively, the "Service") you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Statement.
If you are a resident of the European Union ("EU"), United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway, or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR") with respect to your Personal Information, as outlined below.
 2.
What Does This Privacy Statement Cover?  This Privacy Statement covers Brilliant's treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that Brilliant gathers when you access/use the Service.
 3.
What Personal Information Does Brilliant Collect?  Brilliant collects information you voluntarily submit to the Service, such as, the information we collect when you register for an account: your name, email address, school, date of birth, etc.

 Information you elect to submit to the Service in a public or quasi-public manner may be disclosed to other users of the Application or the general public ("User Submission(s)").
For example–if you make a post to a message board or chat forum that includes any personal information – such information will be made publicly available.
We endeavor to make sure the Service's functionality puts you on reasonable notice as to the scope of an intended submission.

 In addition, we may automatically receive and store certain, anonymous types of information whenever you interact with the Service.
Such information may include the user's IP address, domain server, and type of Internet browser.
This information helps us, among other things, analyze trends and administer the Service.
This information is anonymous and contains no personally identifiable data.


Do Not Track Policy. Through cookies we place on your browser or device, we may collect information about your online activity after you leave our Services.
Just like any other usage information we collect, this information allows us to improve the Services and customize your online experience, and otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy.
Your browser may offer you a "Do Not Track" option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites.
Our Services do not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online activity both while you are using the Services and after you leave our Services.
 4.
What about children?  The safety and privacy of children is extremely important to us.
If you are a resident of the EU, United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway, or Iceland, then you must be 16 years old or older to use the Services in any way.
Otherwise, every user of the Service must be 13 years of age or older.
Any person that does not meet the foregoing age requirements is a "Minor".
Minors are prohibited from signing up or using the Service in any way.
If you are a Minor, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us.
If we learn that we have collected personal information from a Minor, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that a Minor may have provided us personal information, please contact us at privacy@brilliant.org.
We reserve the right to require any user to verify that the user is not a Minor, and if a user does not provide such verification in a timely manner, we will terminate the user's account and delete all personally identifiable information displaying on the site and collected from such user.
 5.
How does Brilliant use the information it collects? 
 Provide the Service: Your information will be used primarily to provide you with the Service.

 Improve the Service: Your information may be used by us internally to improve the Service and develop new products, services and features.

 Other Uses: Your information may also be used by us as set forth in the next section.

 6.
Will Brilliant Share Any of the Personal Information it Receives?  To the limited extent we collect Personal Information – we neither rent nor sell your Personal Information to anyone.
We share your Personal Information only as described below.


Recipient of User Submissions:&nbsp;As mentioned above – your User Submissions may be shared in a public or quasi-public manner.


Service Providers and Agents:&nbsp;We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf.
For example, we may decide to use a third party payment processing company to process payments you make through the Service.
In addition, parts of the Service may be hosted by a third party on our behalf.
Your information may be accessed by such providers/agents, in the event that we need to share your information with them to provide our services or customer support to you.
Unless we tell you differently, Brilliant's agents do not have any right to use Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.


Business Transfers:&nbsp;In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets.
In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that are transferred.
Moreover, if Brilliant, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Brilliant goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, customer information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Brilliant may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy.


Protection of Brilliant and Others:&nbsp;We may release Personal Information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law.
enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements.
or protect the rights, property, or safety of Brilliant, our employees, our users, or others.


With Your Consent:&nbsp;Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information.
 7.
Conditions of Use  If you decide to access or use the Service, such access and use and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Statement and our Terms of Use (located on our website), including limitations on damages, disclaimer of warranties, and the application of California state law.
 8.
Third Party Websites/Services  The Site may permit you to link to other websites on the Internet, and other websites may contain links to the Site.
These other websites are not under Brilliant control, and such links do not constitute an endorsement by Brilliant of those other websites or the services offered through them.
The privacy and security practices of websites linked to or from the Service are not covered by this Privacy Statement, and Brilliant is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites.
 9.
Opting out of all future emails  If you would like to stop receiving email from Brilliant, simply visit the&nbsp;Email section of your Account settings&nbsp;and uncheck any and all boxes.
 10.
Privacy Shield  The Services are hosted and operated in the United States ("U.S.") through Brilliant and its service providers, and if you do not reside in the U.S., laws in the U.S.
may differ from the laws where you reside.
By using the Services, you acknowledge that any Personal Data about you, regardless of whether provided by you or obtained from a third party, is being provided to Brilliant in the U.S.
and will be hosted on U.S.
servers, and you authorize Brilliant to transfer, store and process your information to and in the U.S., and possibly other countries.
You hereby consent to the transfer of your data to the U.S.
pursuant to EU-US and Swiss–US Privacy Shield Framework, the details of which are further set forth below.

 Brilliant has certified to the EU.-U.S.
and Swiss–US Privacy Shield Framework set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection and use of Personal Data transferred from the EU and Switzerland.
For more information about the Privacy Shield Program, and to view Brilliant's certification, please visit www.privacyshield.gov.
Brilliant is committed to the Privacy Shield Principles of (1) notice, (2) consent, (3) accountability for onward transfer, (4) security, (5) data integrity and purpose limitation, (6) access and (7) recourse, enforcement and liability with respect to all Personal Data received from within the EU and Switzerland in reliance on the Privacy Shield.
The Privacy Shield Principles require that we remain potentially liable if any third party processing subject Personal Data on our behalf fails to comply with these Privacy Shield Principles (except to the extent we are not responsible for the event giving rise to any alleged damage).
Brilliant's compliance with the Privacy Shield is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission.

 Please contact us at privacy+gdpr@brilliant.org with any questions or concerns relating to our Privacy Shield Certification.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your Privacy Shield-related complaint from us, or if we have not resolved your complaint, you may also resolve a Privacy Shield-related complaint through JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States.
You can visit https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or-safe-harbor-claim for more information or to file a complaint, at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, you may also be entitled to invoke binding arbitration for complaints not resolved by other means.
 11.
GDPR  For this GDPR section, we use the terms "Personal Data" and "processing" as they are defined in the GDPR, but "Personal Data" generally means information that can be used to individually identify a person, and "processing" generally covers actions that can be performed in connection with data such as collection, use, storage and disclosure.
Brilliant will be the controller of your Personal Data processed in connection with the Sites.
Note that we may also process Personal Data of our customers' end users or employees in connection with our provision of services to customers, in which case we are the processor of Personal Data.
If we are the processor of your Personal Data (i.e., not the controller), please contact the controller party in the first instance to address your rights with respect to such data.

 If there are any conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy, the policy or portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict.
If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following applies to you, please contact us at privacy+gdpr@brilliant.org.



What Personal Data Do We Collect From You?
 We collect Personal Data about you when you provide such information directly to us, when third parties such as our business partners or service providers provide us with Personal Data about you, or when Personal Data about you is automatically collected in connection with your use of our Sites.


Information we collect directly from you: We receive Personal Data directly from you when you provide us with such Personal Data, including without limitation the following: 

 Required: 
First and last name
Email address
Birthdate
IP address(es)


 Optional: 
Mailing address
Telephone number
Facts about education history and career
General location




Information we receive from third party sources: Some third parties such as our business partners and service providers provide us with Personal Data about you, such as the following: 


Account information for third party services: If you interact with a third party service when using our Sites, such as if you use a third party service to log-in to our Sites (e.g., Facebook, Google, or Twitter), or if you share content from our Sites through a third party social media service, the third party service will send us information about you, such as information from your public profile, if the third party service and your account settings allow such sharing.
The information we receive will depend on the policies and your account settings with the third party service.



Information we automatically collect when you use our Sites: Some Personal Data is automatically collected when you use our Sites, such as the following: 

IP address
Device identifiers
Web browser information
Page view statistics
Browsing history
Usage information
 Transaction information (e.g.
transaction amount, date and time such transaction occurred) 
 Cookies and other tracking technologies (e.g.
web beacons, pixel tags, SDKs, etc.) — For more information, please review our Cookie Policy.

Location inferred from your IP address
Log data (e.g.
access times, hardware and software information)



How Do We Use Your Personal Data?
 We process Persona Data to operate, improve, understand and personalize our Sites.
For example, we use Personal Data to: 

Create and manage user profiles
Communicate with you about the Sites
Process orders
Contact you about Site announcements, updates or offers
Provide support and assistance for the Sites
Personalize website content and communications based on your preferences
Meet contract or legal obligations
Respond to user inquiries
Fulfill user requests
Comply with our legal or contractual obligations
Resolve disputes
Protect against or deter fraudulent, illegal or harmful actions
Enforce our Terms and Conditions

 We will only process your Personal Data if we have a lawful basis for doing so.
Lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity and our "legitimate interests" or the legitimate interest of others, as further described below.



Contractual Necessity: We process the following categories of Personal Data as a matter of "contractual necessity", meaning that we need to process the data to perform under our Terms and Conditions with you, which enables us to provide you with the Sites.
When we process data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such Personal Data will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the Sites that require such data.

First and last name
Email address
Birthdate
Mailing address
Telephone number
Facts about education history and career
General location



Legitimate Interest: We process the following categories of Personal Data when we believe it furthers the legitimate interest of us or third parties.

First and last name
Email address
Birthdate
IP address(es)
 Examples of these legitimate interests include: 
Operation and improvement of our business, products and services
Marketing of our products and services
Provision of customer support
Protection from fraud or security threats
Compliance with legal obligations
Completion of corporate transactions





Consent: In some cases, we process Personal Data based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data.
When we process Personal Data based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection.


Other Processing Grounds: From time to time we may also need to process Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest.




How and With Whom Do We Share Your Data?
 We share Personal Data with vendors, third party service providers and agents who work on our behalf and provide us with services related to the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions.
These parties include: 

Payment processors
Ad networks
Analytics service providers
Services to provide customer support
Hosting service providers

 We also share Personal Data when necessary to complete a transaction initiated or authorized by you or provide you with a product or service you have requested.
In addition to those set forth above, these parties also include: 

 Other users (where you post information publicly or as otherwise necessary to effect a transaction initiated or authorized by you through the Sites) 
Social media services (if you interact with them through your use of the Sites)
Other parties authorized by you

 We also share information with third parties when you have given us consent to do so (as indicated at the point such information is collected).

We also share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to:

 Comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies 
 Protect us, our business or our users, for example to enforce our Terms and Conditions, prevent spam or other unwanted communications and investigate or protect against fraud 
Maintain the security of our products and services
Provide a service directly authorized and requested by you, the end user

 Furthermore, if we choose to buy or sell assets, user information is typically one of the transferred business assets.
Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party, and we would share Personal Data with the party that is acquiring our assets.
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy.



How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Data?
 We retain Personal Data about you as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you Services.
In some cases we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation.
Afterwards, we retain some information in a depersonalized or aggregated form but not in a way that would identify you personally.



What Security Measures Do We Use?
 We seek to protect Personal Data using appropriate technical and organizational measures based on the type of Personal Data and applicable processing activity.
For example, we encrypt all data in-transit, obfuscate and anonymize data that we share with processors like analytics services, and maintain all services with security patches in a timely manner.
We also require that our suppliers protect such information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure.



Personal Data of Children:
 We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16.
If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register for the Sites or send any Personal Data about yourself to us.
If we learn that we have collected Personal Data from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that a child under 16 may have provided us Personal Data, please contact us at privacy+gdpr@brilliant.org.



What Rights Do You Have Regarding Your Personal Data?
 You have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below.
For more information about these rights, or to submit a request, please email privacy+gdpr@brilliant.org.
Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision.
In some cases, we may also need to you to provide us with additional information, which may include Personal Data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request.



Access: You can request more information about the Personal Data we hold about you and request a copy of such Personal Data.
You can also access your Personal Data by visiting Account settings &gt.
Export your data.


Rectification: If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data.
In certain circumstances, you can correct some of this information directly by either updating directly in the relevant Account settings &gt.
Export your data.


Erasure: You can request that we erase some or all of your Personal Data from our systems.


Withdrawal of Consent: If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your Personal Data, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our Sites.


Portability: You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format.
You can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible.


Objection: You can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use or disclosure of your Personal Data for certain purposes.


Restriction of Processing: You can ask us to restrict further processing of your Personal Data.



Right to File Complaint: You have the right to lodge a complaint about Brilliant's practices with respect to your Personal Data with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State.
 12.
Changes to this Privacy Statement  Brilliant may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time.
Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Statement in effect at the time such information is used.
If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our website, or via the Service, or sending you an email.
Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Statement when he or she uses the Service after such changes have been first posted.
 13.
Questions or Concerns  If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy, please send us a detailed message at privacy@brilliant.org.
We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.


Effective Date: May 21, 2018

The previous version of this document is located here.
   Terms of Use 
 BRILLIANT.ORG WEBSITE TERMS OF USE AND COPYRIGHT NOTICE 

 The following terms and conditions (the "Agreement") govern all use of the www.Brilliant.org website (the "Site") and the products and services available on or at the Site (taken together with the Site, the "Service").
The Service is owned and operated by Brilliant Worldwide, Inc.
("Brilliant").
The Service is offered subject to your (the "User's") acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time on the Site by Brilliant.
BY USING OR ACCESSING ANY PART OF THE SERVICE, YOU (the "User") AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED HEREIN.
IF YOU NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICE.

 Brilliant reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement at any time.
It is User's responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes.
User's continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes.
 ACCESS.
 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the software and services provided in connection with the Service are solely for User's own personal use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party.
Brilliant may change, suspend or discontinue the Services, including the availability of any feature, database or content, at any time.
Brilliant may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict User's access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability.
Brilliant reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify this Agreement at any time by posting a notice on the Site or by sending User a notice via email or postal mail.
User shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications.
Use of the Service by User following such notification constitutes User's acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as modified.

 User certifies to Brilliant that if User is an individual (i.e., not a corporation) User is at least 13 years of age (provided that, if User is located in a state in which 13 is under the age of majority, then User represents he/she has the legal consent of a legal guardian to enter this Agreement).
User also certifies that User is legally permitted to use the Service and takes full responsibility for the selection and use of the Service.
This Agreement is void where prohibited by law, and the right to access the Service is revoked in such jurisdictions.
 FEES AND PAYMENT.
 The basic Service is free to users, but if User elects to upgrade to a subscription membership or any of our other paid features, the following terms below shall apply.
Brilliant reserves the right to change its prices at any time.
 A.
Billing and Payment.
 Brilliant bills users through an online account for use of the Service.
User agrees to pay Brilliant all applicable Service fees using this online account.
All fees are exclusive of applicable taxes (e.g.
sales, use, or value-added tax), unless otherwise stated, and User is solely responsible for the payment of any such taxes that may be imposed on your use of the Service.
Brilliant may correct any billing errors or mistakes that it makes even if it has already requested or received payment.
Brilliant reserves the right to change its prices for certain Service features - and to institute new charges at any time - upon notice to you, which may be sent by email or posted on the Site.
User agrees to maintain current, complete and accurate information for User's billing account.
In addition, User authorizes Brilliant to obtain updated or replacement expiration dates and card numbers for User's credit or debit card as provided by User's credit or debit card issuer.
All fees are final and nonrefundable (including in the event any features or functions of any service that User has subscribed to are changed, modified, diminished or removed).
User shall be responsible for any applicable foreign transaction fees charged by User's bank.
 B.
Automatic Renewal  User's subscription to the Service will continue indefinitely until cancelled by User (via the cancellation mechanisms provided on the Site).
After User's initial subscription period, and again after any subsequent subscription period, User's subscription will automatically continue for an additional equivalent period, at the price User agreed to when subscribing.
User agrees that User's account will be subject to this automatic renewal feature.
If User does not wish User's account to renew automatically, or if User wants to change or terminate User's subscription, please log in and go to the Change / Cancel Membership page.
If User cancels a subscription, User may use such subscription until the end of then-current subscription term and the subscription will not be renewed thereafter.
However, User will not be eligible for a prorated refund of any portion of the subscription fee paid for the then-current subscription period.

 By subscribing, User authorizes Brilliant to charge User's credit card, debit card or other payment method at such time and again at the beginning of any subsequent subscription period, including any sales or similar taxes imposed on User's subscription payments.
Upon the renewal of your subscription, if Brilliant does not receive payment, User agrees that Brilliant may either terminate or suspend User's subscription and continue to attempt to charge User's payment method provider until payment is received (upon receipt of payment, User's account will be activated and for purposes of automatic renewal, User's new subscription commitment period will begin as of the day payment was received).
If User does not terminate User's subscription and/or if User continues to use the Service, User agrees that Brilliant is authorized to charge the payment method in User's Service account.
Brilliant may also seek payment directly from User.
Charges may be payable in advance, in arrears, per usage, or as otherwise specified when User initially subscribes to the Service.
 C.
Promotions  Any free trial or other promotion that provides subscriber-level access to the Service must be used within the specified time of the trial.
User must cancel User's subscription before the end of the trial period in order to avoid being charged a subscription fee.
 SITE CONTENT.
 User agrees that all content and materials (collectively, "Content") delivered via the Service or otherwise made available by Brilliant at the Site are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws.
Except as expressly authorized by Brilliant in writing, User agrees not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from such materials or content.
However, User may print or download a reasonable number of copies of the materials or content at this Site for User's own informational purposes.
provided, that User retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein.
Reproducing, copying or distributing any content, materials or design elements on the Site for any other purpose is strictly prohibited without the express prior written permission of Brilliant.

 Use of the content or materials for any purpose not expressly permitted in this Agreement is prohibited.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
 USER CONTENT.
 The Sites and Service may permit the submission of communications (such as commentary on other users content) and other content submitted by User ("User Submission(s)") and the hosting, sharing, and/or publishing of such User Submission(s).

 User shall be solely responsible for User's User Submission(s) and the consequences of posting or publishing them.
User agrees that Brilliant has no liability with respect to any User Submission(s), including, without limitation, User's User Submission(s), and User hereby irrevocably release Brilliant and its officers and directors, employees, agents, representatives and affiliates, from any and all liability arising out of or relating to User Submission(s) or any part thereof.

 By submitting the User Submission(s) to Brilliant, or displaying, publishing, or otherwise posting any content on or through the Sites or the Service, User hereby does and shall grant Brilliant a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable and transferable license to reproduce, distribute, modify (such as by editing or otherwise creating derivatives), display, and perform the User Submission(s) in accordance with Brilliant's User Submission policies and User's Site settings.
User agrees not to contest any modifications made by Brilliant and hereby waives any claims with respect thereto.
For clarity, the foregoing license grant to Brilliant does not affect User's other ownership or license rights in your User Submission(s), including the right to grant additional licenses to the material in User's User Submission(s).
User Submission(s) may be withdrawn by written request to support@brilliant.org to delete content.

 In connection with User's User Submission(s), User affirms, represents, and warrants that: (i) User owns or has the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorize Brilliant to use each and every image and sound contained in each such User Submission and to enable inclusion and use of such User Submission(s) in the manner contemplated by the Sites, the Service and this Agreement.
(ii) User has the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in the User Submission to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of the User Submission(s) in the manner contemplated by the Sites, the Service and this Agreement.
and (iii) the posting of your User Submission on or through the Sites or the Service or otherwise does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, intellectual property rights, contract rights, or any other rights of any person or entity.
User agrees to pay all royalties, fees, and other monies owing any person or entity by reason of any content posted by User to or through the Sites or the Service.

 User further agrees that User will not: (i) publish falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage Brilliant or any third party.
(ii) submit material that is unlawful, obscene, lewd, defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, excessively violent, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate or objectionable.
(iii) post advertisements or solicitations of business.
(iv) impersonate another person.
(v) submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party intellectual property or proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity right, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant Brilliant all of the license rights granted herein.
or (vi) submit material that is unsuitable for minors in any country.

 Brilliant does not endorse any User Submission or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and Brilliant expressly disclaims any and all responsibility or liability in connection with User Submission(s).
Brilliant reserves the right to, in its sole discretion, remove any User Submission(s) at any time (with or without notice).
 SOFTWARE.
 With respect to any software User is authorized by Brilliant to download via the Service, Brilliant grants User a personal, nontransferable, nonsublicensable, nonexclusive license to use such software solely for User's personal, non-commercial use, and only in accordance with the written instructions/directions (if any) provided by Brilliant.
User shall not, nor permit anyone else to, directly or indirectly: (i) copy, modify, or distribute the software.
(ii) reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or otherwise attempt to discover the source code or structure, sequence and organization of all or any part of the software (except that this restriction shall not apply to the limited extent restrictions on reverse engineering prohibited by applicable local law).
or (iii) rent, lease, or use the software for timesharing or service bureau purposes, or otherwise use the software for any commercial purpose.
 RESTRICTIONS.
 User shall not use any "deep-link", "page-scrape", "robot", "spider" or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Service or any Content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Service or any Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Service.
Brilliant reserves the right to bar any such activity.

 User shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Service, or any other systems or networks connected to the Service or to any Brilliant server, or to any of the services offered on or through the Service, by hacking, password "mining", or any other illegitimate means.

 User shall not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Service or any network connected to the Service, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Service or any network connected to the Service.
User shall not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the Service, or any other customer of Brilliant, including any Brilliant account not owned by User, to its source, or exploit the Service or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Service, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than User's own information, as provided for by the Service.

 User shall not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Service or Brilliant' systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Service or to Brilliant.

 User shall not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Service or any transaction being conducted on the Service, or with any other person's use of the Service.

 User shall not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal User sends to Brilliant on or through the Service.
User shall not, in connection with the Service, pretend (e.g.
through impersonation) that User is any other individual or entity.

 User shall not use the Service or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this Agreement, or that infringes the rights of Brilliant or others.
 REGISTRATION.
SECURITY.
 As a condition to using certain features of the Service, User may be required to register with Brilliant and select a password and User name ("Brilliant User ID").
User shall provide Brilliant with accurate, complete, and updated registration information.
Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of this Agreement, which may result in immediate termination of User's account.
User may not (i) select or use as a Brilliant User ID a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person.
or (ii) use as a Brilliant User ID a name subject to any rights of a person other than User without appropriate authorization.
Brilliant reserves the right, in its discretion, to cancel or refuse registration of an Brilliant User ID.
User shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of User's Brilliant password and other account information.
 THIRD PARTY SITES.
 The Site may permit User to link to other websites or resources on the Internet, and other websites or resources may contain links to the Site.
These other websites are not under Brilliant's control, and User acknowledges that Brilliant is not responsible or liable for the content, functions, accuracy, legality, appropriateness or any other aspect of such websites or resources.
The inclusion of any such link does not imply endorsement by Brilliant.
User further acknowledges and agrees that Brilliant shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any content, goods, information, or services available on or through any such website or resource.
 INDEMNIFICATION.
 User is responsible for all of its activity in connection with the Service.
User shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Brilliant, its affiliates, and each of its and its affiliates' employees, contractors, directors, suppliers and representatives from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that arise from (i) User's use or misuse of the Service.
(ii) User's access to any part of the Service, (iii) any of User's User Submission(s), or (iv) otherwise from User's violation of this Agreement.
 WARRANTY DISCLAIMER.
 THE SERVICE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE SITE AND ANY SOFTWARE) IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
BRILLIANT MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE SERVICE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR (II) THE RESULTS OF USING THE SERVICE (OR ANY USER SUBMISSION(S)) WILL MEET USER'S REQUIREMENTS.
USER'S USE OF THE SERVICE IS SOLELY AT USER'S OWN RISK.
 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
 IN NO EVENT SHALL BRILLIANT, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, VENDORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE (OR ANY CONTENT, PROGRAMS OR INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE): (I) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES (HOWEVER ARISING), (II) FOR ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE (REGARDLESS OF THE SOURCE OF ORIGINATION), (III) FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF USER'S USE OF ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE AT OR THROUGH THE SERVICE, OR (IV) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF (IN THE AGGREGATE) $500.00 (U.S.).
IN ADDITION, BRILLIANT SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR LIABILITY RESULTING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FROM USER'S INABILITY TO ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DELAYS OR INTERRUPTIONS DUE TO ELECTRONIC OR MECHANICAL EQUIPMENT FAILURES, DENIAL OF SERVICE ATTACKS, PROCESSING FAILURES, TELECOMMUNICATIONS OR INTERNET PROBLEMS OR UTILITY FAILURES).
 TERMINATION.
 Brilliant may terminate User's access to all or any part of the Service at any time, with or without cause, effective upon notice thereof to User (provided that, if Brilliant determines there may be an immediate threat to Brilliant, it may terminate such access without notice).

 Upon termination notice from Brilliant, User will (i) no longer access (or attempt to access) the Service and (ii) delete all software (and copies thereof) provided in connection with the Service.
All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers and limitations of liability.
 EXPORT AND TRADE CONTROLS.
 User agrees not to import, export, re-export, or transfer, directly or indirectly, any part of the Service or any information provided on or pursuant to the Service except in full compliance with all United States, foreign and other applicable laws and regulations.
 PRIVACY.
 Brilliant' current privacy policy is available at https://brilliant.org/privacy/ (the "Privacy Policy"), which is incorporated by this reference.
 MEMBER DISPUTES.
 User is solely responsible for your interactions with other Service users.
Brilliant reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between User and other Service users.
If User has a dispute with one or more users of the Service, User shall and hereby does release Brilliant (and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
If User is a California resident, User waives California Civil Code §1542, which states: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor."  COPYRIGHT.
 All content included on the Site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Brilliant or its content suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
The compilation of all content on the Site is the exclusive property of Brilliant and is protected by U.S.
and international copyright laws.
All software used on (or provided through) the Site is the property of Brilliant or its software suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
 ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS.
 When User visits the Site or sends e-mails to Brilliant, User is communicating with Brilliant electronically.
User hereby consents to receive communications from Brilliant electronically.
Brilliant will communicate with User by e-mail or by posting notices on the Site.
User agrees that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that Brilliant provides to User electronically satisfy any legal requirements that such communications be in writing.
 MISCELLANEOUS.
 The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.
Brilliant shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond Brilliant' reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation (including "line-noise" interference).
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by User except with Brilliant' prior written consent.
Brilliant may transfer, assign or delegate this Agreement and its rights and obligations without consent.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Pennsylvania, as if made within Pennsylvania between two residents thereof, and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and Federal courts located in San Francisco, California.
Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, (but without limiting either party's right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief immediately, at any time, in any court of competent jurisdiction), any disputes arising with respect to this Agreement shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the rules and procedures of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc.
("JAMS").
The arbitrator shall be selected by joint agreement of the parties.
In the event the parties cannot agree on an arbitrator within thirty (30) days of the initiating party providing the other party with written notice that it plans to seek arbitration, the parties shall each select an arbitrator affiliated with JAMS, which arbitrators shall jointly select a third such arbitrator to resolve the dispute.
The written decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties and enforceable in any court.
The arbitration proceeding shall take place in San Francisco, California, using the English language.
Both parties agree that this Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, and that all modifications must be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein.
No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and User does not have any authority of any kind to bind Brilliant in any respect whatsoever.
 DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT NOTICE.
 Brilliant has adopted the following general policy toward copyright infringement in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
The address of Brilliant' Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement ("Designated Agent") is listed at the end of this policy.

 It is Brilliant' policy to (1) block access to or remove content that it believes in good faith to be copyrighted material that has been illegally copied and distributed by any of our advertisers, affiliates, content providers, members or users.
and (2) remove and discontinue service to repeat offenders.
 A.
Procedure for Reporting Copyright Infringements:  If User believes that content residing on or accessible through the Brilliant Service infringes a copyright, please send a notice of copyright infringement containing the following information to the Designated Agent listed below: 

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed;
Identification of works or materials being infringed;
Identification of the content that is claimed to be infringing including information regarding the location of the content that the copyright owner seeks to have removed, with sufficient detail so that Brilliant is capable of finding and verifying its existence;
Contact information about the notifier including address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address;
A statement that the notifier has a good faith belief that the content is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and
A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided is accurate and the notifying party is authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner.
 B.
Once Proper Bona Fide Infringement Notification is Received by the Designated Agent:  It is Brilliant' policy: 

to remove or disable access to the infringing content;
to notify the content provider, member or user that it has removed or disabled access to the content;
that repeat offenders will have the infringing content removed from the system.
and
to terminate such content provider's, member's or user's access to the service.
 C.
Procedure to Supply a Counter-Notice to the Designated Agent:  If the content provider, member or user believes that the content that was removed or to which access was disabled is either not infringing, or the content provider, member or user believes that it has the right to post and use such content from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent or pursuant to the law, the content provider, member or user must send a counter-notice containing the following information to the Designated Agent listed below: 

A physical or electronic signature of the content provider, member or user;
Identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
A statement that the content provider, member or user has a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content.
and
 Content provider's, member's or user's name, address, telephone number, and, if available, email address and a statement that such person or entity consents to the jurisdiction of the Federal Court for the judicial district in which the content provider's, member's or user's address is located, or if the content provider's, member's or user's address is located outside the United States, for any judicial district in which Brilliant is located, and that such person or entity will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.


 If a counter-notice is received by the Designated Agent, Brilliant may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in 10 business days.
Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at Brilliant' discretion.

 Please contact Brilliant' Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement at the following address: 

Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement:
 Brilliant DMCA Claims Attn: Tiffany Wang 15 Butte Place San Francisco, CA 94103

