 Unsubscribe and delete my information from any sender using this app  This action will remove all your information store in our servers.

 We will store only your email to identify that if your email goes back to our servers, your information should be removed immediately from any sender using our App.

 Thanks! 
 *Please confirm that you're not a robot 
 Submit    Chilliapps's Data Processing Addendum  Version Date: May 28, 2018.

 This Data Processing Addendum (“DPA” or the “Addendum”) forms part of the agreement between “Chilliapps” Services (“The Platform,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) and you or the entity that you represent (“Customer”, “you” or “your”), supplementing the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions of Use available at https://www.chilliapps.com/privacy, and&nbsp;https://www.chilliapps.com/terms, or any other agreement between you and “Chilliapps” governing Customer’s use of the Service (the “Agreement”) when the GDPR applies to your use of the “Chilliapps” Services to perform the tasks that you configure on this Platform.

 With the purpose of providing the Services to Customer conforming to the Agreement, "Chilliapps" may process personal data on behalf of Customer and the Parties agree to comply with the provisions of this Agreement in regard to any Personal Data.

 Data Processing Terms 1.
Definitions 
“Controller” means an entity that determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.


“Customer Data” means what is defined in the Agreement as “Customer Data.” 

“Data Protection Laws and Regulations” means all laws and regulations, including laws and regulations of the European Union, the European Economic Area and their member states, Canada, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, applicable to the Processing of Personal Data under the Agreement.


“Data Subject” means the identified or identifiable person to whom Personal Data relates.


“GDPR” means the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation).


“Personal Data” means any information relating to (i) an identified or identifiable natural person and, (ii) an identified or identifiable legal entity (where such information is protected similarly as personal data or personally identifiable information under applicable Data Protection Laws and Regulations), where for each (i) or (ii), such data is Customer Data.


“Processing” means any operation or set of operations which is performed upon Personal Data, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.


“Processor” means the entity which Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller.


"Services” means any service offering or customer support services provided by Chilliapps to Customer pursuant to the Agreement.


 2.
Data Processing.
 2.1 This Data Processing Addendum (the “Addendum”), along with the Chilliapps’s Terms and Conditions of Use, reflect the agreement between Chilliapps and the Customer with regard to the processing of Personal Data.

 2.2 This DPA applies when Customer Data is processed by “Chilliapps”.
In this context, “Chilliapps” will act as “Data Processor” to Customer who may act either as “Data Controller” only for the purpose of providing the Services in accordance with documented instructions from you with respect to Customer Data (as each term is defined in the GDPR).

 2.3 The Services provide Customer with a number of controls, including security features and functionalities, that Customer may use to create automation with data provided by Customer.
Customer may use these controls as technical and organizational measures to assist it in connection with its obligations under the GDPR.


 3.
Details of Data Processing.
 3.1&nbsp;Subject matter.&nbsp;The subject matter of the data processing under this DPA is Customer Data.

 3.2&nbsp;Duration.&nbsp;As between “Chilliapps” and Customer, the duration of the data processing under this DPA is determined by Customer.

 3.3&nbsp;Purpose.&nbsp;The purpose of the data processing under this DPA is the provision of the Services initiated by Customer from time to time.

 3.4&nbsp;Nature of the processing:&nbsp;Compute, storage and such other Services provided by “Chilliapps”.

 3.5&nbsp;Type of Customer Data:&nbsp;Customer Data uploaded to the Services under Customer’s “Chilliapps” accounts.

 3.6&nbsp;Categories of data subjects:&nbsp;The data subjects may include Customer’s customers, employees, suppliers, and end-customers.

 Each party will comply with all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to it and binding on it in the performance of this DPA, including the GDPR.


 4.
Customer Instructions.
 The parties agree that this DPA and the Agreement (including the provision of instructions via configuration tools such as the “Chilliapps” management console) constitute Customer’s documented instructions regarding “Chilliapps” processing of Customer Data (“Documented Instructions”).
“Chilliapps” will process Customer Data only in accordance with Documented Instructions.


 5.
Data Protection.
 5.1 “Chilliapps” will use strict security procedures to keep information safe in compliance with standard security requirements and will use only providers that are in compliance with security and privacy Requirements, including GDRP Requirements.

 5.2 “Chilliapps” will notify you if, in “Chilliapps” opinion, your instruction for the processing of Personal Data infringes applicable Data Protection Legislation.

 5.3.
“Chilliapps” will notify you promptly, to the extent permitted by law, upon receiving an inquiry or complaint from a Data Subject or Supervisory Authority relating to your use of our Services.

 5.4 “Chilliapps” will maintain an information security program (including the adoption and enforcement of internal policies and procedures) against accidental or unlawful loss, access or disclosure.
Accordingly, we are committed to identifying reasonably foreseeable and internal risks to security and unauthorized access to the “Chilliapps” services and minimize security risks, including through risk assessment and regular testing.

 5.5 “Chilliapps” will notify you promptly upon becoming aware of and confirming any accidental, unauthorized, or unlawful processing of, disclosure of, or access to the Personal Data.

 5.6 If the Agreement is ended, “Chilliapps” will promptly initiate the process to delete your Personal Data.


 6.
Miscellaneous.
 In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the provisions of the Agreement and this Addendum, the provisions of this Addendum shall prevail.
For the avoidance of doubt and to the extent allowed by applicable law, any and all liability under this Addendum, including limitations thereof, will be governed by the relevant provisions of the Agreement.
You acknowledge and agree that “Chilliapps” may amend this Addendum from time to time by posting the relevant amended and restated Addendum on “Chilliapps” website, available at&nbsp;https://www.chilliapps.com/dpa&nbsp;and such amendments to the Addendum are effective as of the date of posting.
Your continued use of the Services after the amended Addendum is posted to “Chilliapps” Website constitutes your agreement to, and acceptance of, the amended Addendum.
If you do not agree to any changes to the Addendum, do not continue to use the Service.

 Save as specifically modified and amended in this Addendum, all of the terms, provisions, and requirements contained in the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and govern this Addendum.
If any provision of the Addendum is held illegal or unenforceable in a judicial proceeding, such provision shall be severed and shall be inoperative, and the remainder of this Addendum shall remain operative and binding on the parties.
   Privacy Policy  Version Date: March 29, 2019.

Thanks for choosing “Chilliapps".
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) applies to your use of Chilliapps (the "Platform") offered through the URL www.chilliapps.com and all chilliapps.com subdomains (the "Website") and such other sites as may be designated by Chilliapps that provide resources and services to create, send, and manage marketing campaigns.
grow email lists and other services in connection with which you can enhance the shopping cart process of your online store (the “Services”).
This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use, and process your information when you use our Services, and establishes that we are committed to protecting your privacy.
The use of information processed through our Service shall be limited to performing the tasks that you configure on this Platform.
This Policy must be read in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions of Use.

 1.
What information we collect.
1.1 Information customers provide to us
 When you create an account on our Platform, contact our Customer Support Service, or communicate with us in any other way, you are voluntarily providing personal data that lets us know who you are.
That information may include your name, email address, company name, URL, location, phone number, and billing information.
In addition, you must provide certain information to perform tasks that you configure.
That information may include your customer's name, purchases, email address, location, telephone number, billing information, and billing address.

 1.2 Information collected automatically through our Services and third-party platforms 
 When you use the Services, we may collect certain information automatically in order to perform tasks that you configure.
That information may include your customer's name, email address, location, phone number, products added to the shopping cart, purchases, billing information, and billing address.
As well as information regarding the performance of the Services, including metrics related to the deliverability of emails and other information we receive from third-party platforms with the purpose of performing tasks that you configure in our Platform.

 1.7 Cookies and Tracking.

 When you use our Services, We may collect and store information automatically about your device and your use of the Services via cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies.
This allows us to measure the performance of tasks you configure on our Platform, and to provide analytics information and guarantee the correct functioning of our Services.
 2.
Use of information.
 2.1 Purpose and Use of information 
 The information you provide to us, and the one collected automatically during the function of our services shall be limited to performing the Services offered through our Platform.
Accordingly, your information will be used to: 

Provide, operate, optimize and maintain the Services.
Deal with customer inquiries and support requests.
Provide information and access to resources and services.
Manage the Platform, system administration, and security.
Process and complete transactions.
Provide statistics about the operation and use of the Services.
Send technical alerts, reports, updates, security notifications and other service-related communications.
Investigate and prevent fraud, unauthorized access or use of Services, breaches of Terms and Policies, and other wrongful behavior.
 2.2 Storage and processing of information  We use strict security procedures to keep information safe in compliance with standard security requirements, and use only providers that are in compliance with security and privacy Requirements, including GDRP Requirements.

 Here are the links to our providers in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

 Amazon web services (https://aws.amazon.com/es/compliance/gdpr-center/) 
 Stitch data (https://www.stitchdata.com/platform/security/) 
 Heroku (https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/security-privacy-compliance) 
 Mailgun (https://www.mailgun.com/privacy-policy) 
 Sendgrid (https://sendgrid.com/policies/privacy/services-privacy-policy/) 
 While you use our services, we will retain the information that is collected in order to grant our services.
If you remove our services or cancel your subscription, we will delete your mailing lists and sensitive data.
But note that: (1) it may be stored for some time on our servers and storage backup (2) we may withhold this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or exercise our agreements.

 It is your responsibility to include Terms of Service and Privacy Policies related to the use of this Platform.



 If you have any questions or concerns regarding the use of your personal information through our Services, please contact us by sending an email to support@chilliapps.com 
 Packages may be delivered to us to our postal address: 5256 S.
Mission Road, Suite 703-5034, Bonsall, CA 92003.
   Terms and Conditions of Use  Version Date: March 29, 2019.

 Thanks for choosing “Chilliapps".
Please read these Terms carefully before using our services.
These Terms apply to the use and access to our services.
By using our services, you agree to be legally bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use and agree to have read our Privacy Policy.
If you are using our services on behalf of a company, it means that you accept these conditions on behalf of that organization.
If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions of Use, then you may not use our services.

 In our Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect data provided by your online store and your responsibilities when using our services.

 Chilliapps (the "Platform") is a marketing automation platform offered through the URL www.chilliapps.com and all chilliapps.com subdomains (the "Website") and such other sites as may be designated by Chilliapps that provide resources and services to create, send, and manage marketing campaigns.
grow email lists and other services in connection with which you can enhance the shopping cart process of your online store (the “Services”).

 You may use our Services only as permitted by law, including applicable anti-spam laws and regulations.
We may suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you do not comply with our Terms and Conditions of Use or if we are investigating suspected misconduct.

 All access to and use of the Services available through the Website are subject to these Terms and Conditions of Use.

 1.
Access and Use of this platform and our services.
1.1 Minimum Age and Ability to Bind
 The Services offered on this Platform are available only to persons or organizations that can form legally binding contracts under applicable law.
Persons under the age of 18 are not allowed to use the Services offered on this Platform.

1.2 Account information.
 You agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself and your organization, and agree to update such information if it changes.

1.3 Account access.
 You are responsible to protect access to the dashboard of your online store or any platform you are using to access our Services, as well as passwords to access the dashboard of this Platform.

1.4 Use of the platform.
 When you install and configure "Chilliapps" you are responsible for the validity, performance, and operation of discount codes, text, images and any content sent or shown to your contacts through this Platform.

 It is not allowed to send or show spam, sexual content, images or words that incite violence, or any type of message that can annoy the person receiving your message.

 We are not responsible for the content that people post and share through this Platform.
It is your responsibility to avoid using material that would violate the rights of the author.

 In consideration of the foregoing, you are responsible for any content sent to your contacts through this Platform.

 You may only use data from subscribers who have accepted receiving email campaigns from you or your business.
Otherwise, email marketing automation is not allowed.

 "Chilliapps" may suspend accounts or deactivate Services if we determine that you are sending spam.

1.5 Requirements and Data providing.
 Our Platform requires the data provided by you or the third party platform where you have installed our Service in order to perform the tasks that you configure.

 Therefore, by using this Platform you grant us permission to access and store your files to perform tasks that you configure, like receiving notifications via email at the email address associated with your account and sending emails on behalf of your company using the sender email address that you configure.

1.6 Sender email address
 When you install the "Chilliapps" email marketing automation services, you will be assigned a default sender email address to allow you to send emails through our Platform.
This email address should be considered temporary and has sending limit restrictions.

 If you want to use your own sender email address, Domain verification is required to confirm ownership of the domain you want to use to send emails through this Platform.
Public domains or free accounts are not allowed.

 You must comply with the Domain Authentication process in order to send emails using your business email address or increase the limit of emails included in your plan.
This will provide the security mechanism Sender Policy Framework (SPF) and DomainKeys Identified Mail (DKIM).
For any doubts related to your DNS configuration, you need to contact the support team of your DNS provider.

1.7 Notices and Notifications.
 We will send notifications related to the use of our Service to the email address you have provided to us.
It's your responsibility to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information.

 Any notice from you will only become effective through the email address support@chilliapps.com and communication channels provided on the Website.

 Packages may be delivered to us to our postal address: 5256 S.
Mission Road, Suite 703-5034, Bonsall, CA 92003.

1.8 Cookies
 ChilliApps can store information on the user's computer.
This information will be in the form of a cookie or similar file.

 Cookies are data that do not contain any personal information and are sent to the server through the hard disk of the user.
The function of cookies is to identify users in a faster way for every connection, and facilitate the participation on the accessed web site.

 It is your responsibility to include Terms of Service and Privacy Policies related to the use of cookies from this Platform.
 3.
About Software in our Services.
3.1 Anti-spam laws.
 Some features of the Service works automatically in accordance with the strategies and conditions that you configure before you enable them.
It is your responsibility to validate and test your configurations before enabling any feature of this Platform.

 Therefore, we are not responsible for the strategies that you configure through this Platform.
 4.
Liability for our Services.
4.1 Payment agreement.
 Chilliapps will not be responsible for lost profits, revenues, data, or any financial losses derived from the strategy that you decide to configure through our Platform.
 5.
Your responsibilities.
5.1 Anti-spam laws.
 By using this platform, you agree that you are the sole or designated "sender" responsible for any email message sent by you using this platform.
You are responsible to comply with the anti-spam laws of the countries your recipients live in.
Therefore, you must comply with the US CAN-SPAM Act and any rules or regulations adopted in the CAN-SPAM Act when sending email messages for US citizens.
Similarly, for messages sent to Canadian email accounts, you are the sole person sending or causing or permitting the message to be sent by you using this platform.
Therefore, you must comply with the Anti-Spam Legislation from Canada.
In the same way, for messages sent to email accounts of EU citizens, you agree that you are the sole or designated "sender" responsible for any email message sent by you using this platform.
 Correspondingly, you must comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

 If you break the rules, you could be required for penalties for each recipient that receives an email in accordance with the anti-spam laws of the countries your recipients live in.

 5.2 Update of your Terms of service.

 It is your responsibility to include Terms of Service and Privacy Policies related to the use of this Platform.
 6.
Payment.
 6.1 Payment agreement.

 When installing "Chilliapps" services from the App Store of third parties, a subscription will be required.
Therefore, you will be subject to fees in accordance with any applicable Fee Schedule of the third party platform.
Consequently, subscriptions are added to the monthly charge of the third party platform where you have installed our Services and are regulated by their policies.
By using our Services, you are accepting compliance with the monthly charges.
If the monthly charge is not accepted, our service will be discontinued.

 6.2 Monthly service charge.

 Through the Platform, you have access to a variety of Services for which monthly subscriptions are required.

 By installing the Abandonment Protector App, you agree to a monthly fee of $8 USD for the Service that includes sending up to 3,000 emails per month.
After 3,000 emails, $1.50 USD per each 1,000 additional emails.
Once the limit of emails included in the plan is reached, the sending of additional emails will be stopped until the first day of the next month in accordance with world time.

 By installing Upsellkit App, you agree to a monthly fee of $8 USD for the Service that includes up to 2,000 views per month.
After 2,000 views, $1.50 USD per each 500 additional views.
Once the limit of views included in the plan is reached, the feature will be stopped until the first day of the next month in accordance with world time.

 6.3 Increasing or decreasing your monthly plan.

 It is your responsibility to create a plan with a monthly fee, limits, and services in accordance with your needs.

 If you have any questions about your monthly plan, you can send a message to support@chilliapps.com 
 6.4 Free trial period.

 The free trial period is 30 days starting from the time of the first installation.
If you uninstall the app, the trial period will be canceled and it will not be granted again.

 6.5 Cancellation of the Service.

 You are free to uninstall "Chilliapps" at any time by removing our Apps from the third party platform.

 When installing "Chilliapps" services from the App Store of third parties, we have no control over the automated billing system of the third party platform.
The third party platform handles billing and subscription periods.
Please refer to the third party platform support service regarding any doubts.

 This Agreement may be terminated by "Chilliapps", at any time, at "Chilliapps" sole discretion, for a cause described on written notice.

 If you breach or "Chilliapps" suspects breaching of this Agreement, "Chilliapps", at its sole discretion, without notice to you may terminate this Agreement and/or cancel the service.

 By canceling your account we will remove all your email lists.
We will keep a record of the messages sent by you through our Platform for legal matters.

 If you have any questions about our Terms and Conditions of Use, you can send a message to&nbsp;support@chilliapps.com 
 If you do not agree with these Terms and Conditions of Use, you should stop using this Platform and the Services and contact us to cancel your account.
 