CNN Terms of Use


MOBILE APPS/WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
Welcome to CNN!FIRST, AN IMPORTANT MESSAGE: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE ("Terms", "Terms of Use", or "Agreement") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE, AS THEY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WAIVERS OF RIGHTS, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, AND YOUR INDEMNITY TO US.
THIS AGREEMENT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN COURTS OR JURY TRIALS, AND LIMITS THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE.These Terms of Use describe the terms and conditions that govern your use of the current and future online and mobile websites, platforms, services, applications, and networks owned or operated by Cable News Network, Inc.
("CNN"), including without limitation, CNN.com, HLNtv.com, CNNI.com (edition.cnn.com) and cnnespanol.com, and/or for which CNN currently or in the future provides services and/or technology (the "Site" or "Sites").
You accept and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use when you use any of the Sites, without limitation, when you view or access content or videos on any of the Sites.(A) Governing Terms.
These Terms of Use, along with any additional terms and conditions that are referenced herein or that are presented elsewhere on the Site in relation to a specific service or feature and the CNN Privacy Policy, set forth the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the CNN.com Site.
By using the Site, you agree to comply with all of the terms and conditions hereof.
If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you should not access or use the Site.
Read More(B) Changes to Terms of Use.
CNN may modify the Terms of Use, or any part thereof, or add or remove terms at any time, and such modifications, additions or deletions will be effective immediately upon posting.
Your use of the Site after such posting shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by you of such modifications, additions or deletions.(C) Changes to Site.
CNN may change or discontinue any aspect, service or feature of the Site at any time, including, but not limited to, content, hours of availability, and equipment needed for access or use.(D) Registration.
You may be given the opportunity to register via an online registration form to create a user account ("Your Account") that may allow you to receive information from CNN and/or to participate in certain features on the Site such as certain Interactive Areas.
CNN will use the information you provide in accordance with the CNN Privacy Policy.
By registering you represent and warrant that all information that you provide on the registration form is current, complete and accurate to the best of your knowledge.
You agree to maintain and promptly update your registration information on the Site so that it remains current, complete and accurate.
During the registration process, you may be required to choose a password and/or user name.
You acknowledge and agree that CNN may rely on this password or user name to identify you.
You shall be responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your user name(s) or password(s), if any.
You are responsible for all use of Your Account, regardless of whether you authorized such access or use, and for ensuring that all use of Your Account complies fully with the provisions of these Terms of Use.(E) Equipment.
You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all connectivity, computer software, hardware and other equipment needed for access to and use of the Site and all charges related to the same.2.
User Content and Conduct.
Community GuidelinesThe following terms apply to content submitted by users, and user conduct, on the Site's Interactive Areas, including CNN iReport: (A) Interactive Areas.
The Site may contain comments sections, discussion forums, or other interactive features, including CNN iReport, CNN's user-generated news community ("Interactive Areas") in which you may post or upload user-generated content, including but not limited to iReports, comments, video, photos, messages, other materials or items (collectively, "User Content").
You are solely responsible for your use of any Interactive Areas and you use them at your own risk.
Interactive Areas are available for individuals aged 13 years or older.
By submitting User Content to an Interactive Area, you represent that you are 13 years of age or older and, if you are under the age of 18, you either are an emancipated minor, or have obtained the legal consent of your parent or legal guardian to enter into these Terms of Use, submit content, participate on the Site, and fulfill the obligations set forth in these Terms of Use, which forms a binding contract between you and CNN.
Employees of Cable News Network, Inc.
may not submit User Content without permission from their supervisors.
(B) Community Guidelines.
By submitting any User Content or participating in an Interactive Area within or in connection with the Site, you agree to abide by the following rules of conduct:
You agree not to upload, post or otherwise transmit any User Content that:
violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others, including any statements which may defame, harass, stalk or threaten others.
you know to be false, misleading or inaccurate.
contains blatant expressions of bigotry, racism, racially or ethnically offensive content, hate speech, abusiveness, vulgarity or profanity.
contains or advocates pornography or sexually explicit content, pedophilia, incest, bestiality, or that is otherwise obscene or lewd.
violates any law or advocates or provides instruction on dangerous, illegal, or predatory acts, or discusses illegal activities with the intent to commit them.
advocates violent behavior.
poses a reasonable threat to personal or public safety.
contains violent images of killing or physical abuse that appear to have been captured solely, or principally, for exploitive, prurient, or gratuitous purposes.
is protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, right of publicity or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of such copyright, trademark, trade secret, right of publicity or other proprietary right.
The burden of determining that any User Content is not protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, right of publicity or other proprietary right rests with you.
You shall be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, rights of publicity or other proprietary rights or any other harm resulting from such a submission.
Any person determined by CNN, in its sole discretion, to have violated the intellectual property or other rights of others shall be barred from submitting or posting any further material on the Site.
does not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme of any Interactive Area.
contains any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional materials with respect to products or services, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation.
You agree not to engage in activity that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to a civil liability.
You agree that if necessary, you have the consent of each and every identifiable natural person in any submission to use such persons name or likeness in the manner contemplated by the Site.
You agree that any person who appears in your submission who is a current member of the Screen Actors Guild (SAG), the American Federation of Television and Radio Actors (AFTRA) or any other rights society is not entitled to compensation by CNN.
You agree not to impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, CNN or any CNN employee, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity.
You agree not to represent or suggest, directly or indirectly, CNN's endorsement of User Content.
You agree not to interfere with any other user's right to privacy, including by harvesting or collecting personally-identifiable information about the Site users or posting private information about a third party.
You agree not to upload, post or otherwise transmit any User Content, software or other materials which contain a virus or other harmful or disruptive component.
You agree not to interfere with or disrupt the Site or the servers or networks connected to the Site, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Site.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purpose, any portion of the Site, use the Site, or access to the Site.
You agree not to use any service, technology or automated system to artificially inflate the page views that your User Content receives.
This includes pay-per-click services, web "robots" and any other current or future technologies.
You also agree not to direct any third party to use these services, technologies or automated systems on your behalf.

You agree not to use any technology, service or automated system to post more User Content than an individual could upload in a given period of time.
You also agree not to direct any third party to use these services, technologies or automated systems on your behalf.
Any conduct that in CNN's sole discretion restricts or inhibits anyone else from using or enjoying the Site will not be permitted.
CNN reserves the right in its sole discretion to remove or edit User Content by you and to terminate Your Account for any reason.
CNN does not vouch for the accuracy or credibility of any User Content, and does not take any responsibility or assume any liability for any actions you may take as a result of reading User Content posted on the Site.
Through your use of Interactive Areas, you may be exposed to content that you may find offensive, objectionable, harmful, inaccurate or deceptive.
There may also be risks of dealing with underage persons, people acting under false pretense, international trade issues and foreign nationals.
By using Interactive Areas, you assume all associated risks.(C) Monitoring.
CNN shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor User Content posted or uploaded to the Site to determine compliance with these Terms of Use and any operating rules established by CNN and to satisfy any law, regulation or authorized government request.
Although CNN has no obligation to monitor, screen, edit or remove any of the User Content posted or uploaded to the Site, CNN reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to screen, edit, refuse to post or remove without notice any User Content posted or uploaded to the Site at any time and for any reason, and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any User Content posted to the Site at your sole cost and expense.
In addition, CNN may share personally identifiable information in response to a law enforcement agency's request, or where we believe it is necessary, or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
See CNN Privacy Policy.
The decision by CNN to monitor and/or modify User Content does not constitute nor shall it be deemed to constitute any responsibility or liability in any manner on the part of CNN in connection with or arising from use by you of Interactive Areas on the Site.(D) License to User Content.
By submitting User Content to the Site, you automatically grant CNN and its parent company, Turner Broadcasting, System, Inc., the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license, but not the obligation, to use, publish, reproduce, modify, adapt, edit, translate, create derivative works from, incorporate into other works, distribute, sub-license and otherwise exploit such User Content (in whole or in part) worldwide in any form, media or technology now known or hereafter developed for the full term of any copyright that may exist in such User Content, without payment to you or to any third parties.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event CNN licenses your iReport as stand-alone content outside of CNN's programming to third parties unaffiliated with CNN, CNN will pay you a percentage of the license fees it actually receives according to rates determined by CNN's licensing division, ImageSource.
You agree and acknowledge that any iReport you submit may be entered into the annual iReport Awards.
You represent and warrant to CNN that you have the full legal right, power and authority to grant to CNN the license provided for herein, that you own or control the complete exhibition and other rights to the User Content you submitted for the purposes contemplated in this license and that neither the User Content nor the exercise of the rights granted herein shall violate these Terms of Use, or infringe upon any rights, including the right of privacy or right of publicity, constitute a libel or slander against, or violate any common law or any other right of, or cause injury to, any person or entity.
You further grant CNN the right, but not the obligation, to pursue at law any person or entity that violates your or CNN's rights in the User Content by a breach of these Terms of Use.(E) Moral Rights.
If it is determined that you retain moral rights (including rights of attribution or integrity) in the User Content, you hereby declare that (a) you do not require that any personally identifying information be used in connection with the User Content, or any derivative works of or upgrades or updates thereto.
(b) you have no objection to the publication, use, modification, deletion and exploitation of the User Content by CNN or its licensees, successors and assigns.
(c) you forever waive and agree not to claim or assert any entitlement to any and all moral rights of an author in any of the User Content.
and (d) you forever release CNN, and its licensees, successors and assigns, from any claims that you could otherwise assert against CNN by virtue of any such moral rights.
You also permit any other user to access, view, store or reproduce the User Content for that user's personal use.(F) No Obligation.
User Content submitted by you will be considered non-confidential and CNN is under no obligation to treat such User Content as proprietary information except pursuant to the CNN Privacy Policy.
Without limiting the foregoing, CNN reserves the right to use any User Content as it deems appropriate, including, without limitation, deleting, editing, modifying, rejecting, or refusing to post it.
CNN is under no obligation to edit, delete or otherwise modify User Content once it has been submitted to CNN.
CNN shall have no duty to attribute authorship of User Content to you, and shall not be obligated to enforce any form of attribution by third parties.3.
Copyright Ownership. The Site contains copyrighted material, trademarks and other proprietary information, including, but not limited to, text, software, photos, video, graphics, music and sound, and the entire contents of the Site are copyrighted as a collective work under the United States copyright laws.
CNN owns copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such content, as well as in the content original to it.
You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit, any of the content, in whole or in part.
You may download copyrighted material for your personal use only.
Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, no copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of downloaded material will be permitted without the express permission of CNN and the copyright owner.
In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of copyrighted material, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend or copyright notice shall be made.
You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material.4.
Third Party Content. CNN is a distributor (and not a publisher or creator) of content supplied by third parties and users.
Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties, including information providers or users of the Site, are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and not of CNN.
Neither CNN nor any third-party provider of information guarantees the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any content, nor its merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose.
(Refer to Section 6 below for the complete provisions governing limitation of liabilities and disclaimers of warranty.)In many instances, the content available through the Site represents the opinions and judgments of the respective user or information provider not under contract with CNN.
CNN neither endorses nor is responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice or statement made on the Site by any third party.
Under no circumstances will CNN be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage caused by your use or reliance on information obtained through the Site.
CNN is not responsible for any actions or inaction on your part based on the information that is presented on the Site.
It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any information, opinion, advice or other content available through the Site.
Please seek the advice of professionals, as appropriate, regarding the evaluation of any specific information, opinion, advice or other content.5.
Advertisements and Promotions.CNN may run advertisements and promotions from third parties on the Site.
Your business dealings or correspondence with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers other than CNN, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third party.
CNN is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of third-party advertisers on the Site.6.
Disclaimer of Warranty.
Limitation of Liability and Time Limitation for Claims. (A) YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
NEITHER CNN, ITS PRESENT OR FUTURE PARENT(S), SUBSIDIARIES, OR RELATED ENTITIES (COLLECTIVELY, "TURNER"), NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, THIRD PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS OR LICENSORS WARRANT THAT THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE.
NOR DO THEY MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SITE, OR AS TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENT OF ANY INFORMATION, SERVICE, OR MERCHANDISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE SITE.(B) THE SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DOWNLOADABLE SOFTWARE, IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OTHER THAN THOSE WARRANTIES WHICH ARE IMPLIED BY AND INCAPABLE OF EXCLUSION, RESTRICTION OR MODIFICATION UNDER THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO THESE TERMS OF USE.(C) THE SITE MAY OFFER HEALTH, FITNESS, NUTRITIONAL AND OTHER SUCH INFORMATION, BUT SUCH INFORMATION IS DESIGNED FOR EDUCATIONAL AND INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THE SITE DOES NOT AND IS NOT INTENDED TO CONVEY MEDICAL ADVICE AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE THE PRACTICE OF MEDICINE.
YOU SHOULD NOT RELY ON THIS INFORMATION AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR, NOR DOES IT REPLACE, PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL ADVICE, DIAGNOSIS, OR TREATMENT.
CNN IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ACTIONS OR INACTION ON A USER'S PART BASED ON THE INFORMATION THAT IS PRESENTED IN THE SITE.(D) TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL TURNER, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY PERSONAL INJURY, PROPERTY DAMAGE, LOST PROFITS, COST OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER AND/OR DEVICE OR TECHNOLOGY FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION OR FOR ANY FORM OF DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES BASED ON ANY CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE SITE OR ANY ALLEGED FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, OR DELAY IN SERVICE, OPERATION, OR TRANSMISSION OF THE SITES, OR ANY ALLEGED COMPUTER VIRUS, COMMUNICATION LINE FAILURE, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY, AND/OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, ALTERATION OF, OR USE OF OR POSTING OF ANY RECORD, CONTENT, OR TECHNOLOGY, PERTAINING TO OR ON THE SITES.
YOU AGREE THAT THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY APPLIES WHEHER SUCH ALLEGATIONS ARE FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORTIOUS BEHAVIOR, NEGLIGENCE, OR FALL UNDER ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION, REGARDLESS OF THE BASIS UPON WHICH LIABILITY IS CLAIMED AND EVEN IF TURNER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FORGEOING, YOU ALSO SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT TURNER IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY ACTUAL OR ALLEGED DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OF THE SITES OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTIES.IF APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT ALLOW ALL OR ANY PART OF THE ABOVE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY TO APPLY TO YOU, THE LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY TO YOU ONLY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY PROVISION APPLIES TO NEW JERSEY RESIDENTS.(E) CNN DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY OF ANY KIND FOR ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.
BY ACCESSING THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO CNN'S DISCLAIMER OF ANY SUCH LIABILITY.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, YOU SHOULD NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE.(F) TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY DISPUTE, CLAIM OR CONTROVERSY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE SERVICE OR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND/OR SITE, THESE TERMS OF USE, OR THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN US, MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE YEAR OF THE RELEVANT EVENTS.
A DISPUTE IS COMMENCED IF IT IS FILED IN AN ARBITRATION OR, IF THE DISPUTE IS NON-ARBITRABLE, A COURT WITH JURISDICTION, DURING THE ONE-YEAR PERIOD.
IF YOU OR WE PROVIDE NOTICE OF A DISPUTE UNDER SECTION 12 (DISPUTE RESOLUTION), THE ONE-YEAR PERIOD IS TOLLED FOR 60 DAYS FOLLOWING RECEIPT OF THE NOTICE OF DISPUTE.
YOU AND WE EACH WAIVE—THAT IS, GIVE UP—THE RIGHT TO PURSUE ANY DISPUTE, CLAIM OR CONTROVERSY THAT IS NOT FILED WITHIN ONE YEAR AND ANY RIGHT YOU OR WE MAY HAVE HAD TO PURSUE THAT DISPUTE, CLAIM OR CONTROVERSY IN ANY FORUM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.7.
Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless CNN, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of the use of the Site by you or your Account.
CNN reserves the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this Section.
In such event, you shall provide CNN with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by CNN.8.
Termination. CNN may terminate or suspend these Terms of Use at any time without notice to you.
Without limiting the foregoing, CNN shall have the right to immediately terminate Your Account in the event of any conduct by you which CNN, in its sole discretion, considers to be unacceptable, or in the event of any breach by you of these Terms of Use.
The provisions of Sections 1 - 13 shall survive termination of these Terms of Use.9.
Trademarks. CNN, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, own all rights to their logos and trademarks used in connection with the Site.
All other logos and trademarks appearing on the Site are the property of their respective owners.10.
Governing Law and Venue. The content, data, video, and all other material and features on the Site are presented for the purpose of providing entertainment, news and/or information and/or promoting programs, films, music, games, and other products and/or services that are or may become available in the United States, its territories, possessions, and protectorates.
Any and all disputes, claims and controversies arising out of or in connection with your access to, and/or use of the Sites, and/or the provision of content, services, and/or technology on or through the Sites shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws and decisions of the State of New York applicable to contracts made, entered into and performed entirely therein, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions, except to the extent that law is inconsistent with or preempted by federal law.
To the extent that a dispute is not subject to arbitration under Section 12 (Dispute Resolution) of this Agreement, that action shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York.
and we both irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.11.
Severability.Except as specified in Section 12 (Dispute Resolution), if any provision of this Agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable for this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the matters contained herein.12.
Dispute Resolution.Summary:Our customer-service department can resolve most customer concerns quickly and to the customer's satisfaction.
Please contact CNN at cnn.com/feedback.
In the unlikely event that you're not satisfied with customer service's solution (or if CNN has not been able to resolve a dispute it has with you after attempting to do so informally), we each agree to resolve those disputes through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Unless expressly limited by this Dispute Resolution provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis.
class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted. For any non-frivolous claim that does not exceed $75,000, we will pay all costs of the arbitration.
Moreover, in arbitration you are entitled to recover attorneys' fees from us to at least the same extent as you would be in court.
In addition, under certain circumstances (as explained below), we will pay you more than the amount of the arbitrator's award and will pay your attorney (if any) twice his or her reasonable attorneys' fees if the arbitrator awards you an amount that is greater than what we have offered you to settle the dispute.Arbitration Agreement
(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: CNN and you agree to arbitrate all disputes
 and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners).
This agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:
claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory;
claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);
claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury;
claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class.
and
claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.

References to "CNN," "you," and "us" include our respective subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises.
our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns (including AT&amp;T and its affiliates).
and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of Services under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may bring an action in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action remains in that court and is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction.
This arbitration agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
Such agencies can, if the law allows, seek relief against us on your behalf.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision.
This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement.
(2) Pre-Arbitration Notice of Disputes: A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute ("Notice").
The Notice to CNN should be sent by certified mail to: General Counsel, WarnerMedia News &amp.
Sports, 1 CNN Center, Atlanta, GA 30303 ("Notice Address").
The Notice must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute.
and (b) set forth the specific relief sought ("Demand").
If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding.
During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by us or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which you or us is entitled.
You may download a form to initiate arbitration at: adr.org/sites/default/files/Consumer_Demand_for_Arbitration_Form_1.pdf.(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by the Consumer Arbitration Rules ("AAA Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), as modified by this arbitration provision, and will be administered by the AAA.
(If the AAA is unavailable, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties or by the court.) The AAA Rules are available online at www.adr.org, by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address.
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the arbitration provision or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration are for the court to decide.
The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.
Unless we and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address.
If your claim is for $10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules.
If your claim exceeds $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules.
Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
Except as provided in subsection (6) below, the arbitrator can award the same damages and individualized relief that a court can award under applicable law.(4) Arbitration Fees: After we receive notice at the Notice Address that you have commenced arbitration, we will promptly reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for greater than $75,000 in value.
(The filing fee currently is $200 but is subject to change by the arbitration provider.
If you are unable to pay this fee, we will pay it directly upon receiving a written request at the Notice Address.) We will pay all AAA filing, administration, and arbitrator fees for any arbitration initiated in accordance with the notice requirements above.
If, however, the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all such fees will be governed by the AAA Rules.
In such case, you agree to reimburse us for all monies we previously paid that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the AAA Rules.
In addition, if you initiate an arbitration in which you seek relief valued at greater than $75,000 (either to you or to us), the payment of these fees will be governed by the AAA rules.(5) Alternative Payment and Attorney Premium: If you initiated arbitration in accordance with the notice requirements above in subsection (2) and the arbitrator issues an award in your favor that is greater than the value of our last written settlement offer made before an arbitrator was selected, then we will:
pay you the amount of the award or $10,000 ("the alternative payment"), whichever is greater.
and 
pay your attorney, if any, twice the amount of attorneys' fees, and reimburse any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs) that your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating, preparing, and pursuing your claim in arbitration ("the attorney premium").
If we did not make a written offer to settle the dispute before an arbitrator was selected, you and your attorney will be entitled to receive the alternative payment and the attorney premium, respectively, if the arbitrator awards you any relief on the merits.
The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees, expenses, and the alternative payment and the attorney premium at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator's ruling on the merits.
In assessing whether an award that includes attorneys' fees or expenses is greater than the value of our last written settlement offer, the calculation shall include only the portion of the award representing attorneys' fees or expenses that you reasonably incurred pursuing the arbitration through the date of our settlement offer.The right to the attorney premium supplements any right to attorneys' fees and expenses you may have under applicable law.
Thus, if you would be entitled to a larger amount under the applicable law, this provision does not preclude the arbitrator from awarding you that amount.
However, you may not recover both the attorney premium and a duplicative award of attorneys' fees or costs.
Although under some laws we may have a right to an award of attorneys' fees and expenses if we prevail in an arbitration, we agree that we will not seek such an award.(6) Requirement of Individual Arbitration: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim.
YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding.
If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief.
class, representative, and private attorney general claims.
and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then that claim or request for relief shall be severed , and all other claims and requests for relief shall be arbitrated.
(7) Future Changes to Arbitration Provision: Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, we agree that if we make any future change to this arbitration provision (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to the arbitration Notice Address provided above.
By rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this provision.13.
Miscellaneous.These Terms of Use and any operating rules for the Site established by CNN constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter.
The provisions of these Terms of Use are for the benefit of CNN, its parent, subsidiaries, other affiliates and its third party content providers and licensors and each shall have the right to assert and enforce such provisions directly or on its own behalf.
If you access the Site, including its Interactive Areas, from any location other than the United States, you accept full responsibility for compliance with all local laws.
You are also subject to United States export controls and are responsible for any violations of United States embargoes or other federal rules and regulations restricting exports.
No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default.
If any part of these Terms of Use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, it will be replaced with language reflecting the original purpose in a valid and enforceable manner.
The enforceable sections of these Terms of Use will remain binding upon the parties.
The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not be given any legal import.Neither CNN nor you shall be liable for damages or for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts or occurrences beyond their reasonable control, including, without limitation: fire, lightning, explosion, power surge or failure, water, acts of God, war, terrorism, revolution, civil commotion or acts of civil or military authorities or public enemies: any law, order, regulation, ordinance, or requirement of any government or legal body or any representative of any such government or legal body.
or labor unrest, including without limitation, strikes, slowdowns, picketing, or boycotts.
inability to secure raw materials, transportation facilities, fuel or energy shortages, or acts or omissions of other common carriers.14.
Copyrights and Copyright Agent.CNN respects the rights of all copyright holders and in this regard, CNN has adopted and implemented a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of users and account holders who infringe the rights of copyright holders.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide CNN's Copyright Agent the following information required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C.
512:1.
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;2.
Identification of the copyright work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;3.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;4.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party;5.
A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and6.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.For copyright inquiries under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act please contact:CNN CollectionOne CNN Center12th Floor, North TowerAtlanta, GA 30303, USAPhone: +1 (404) 827-3326 Email: licensing@cnn.com For web posting, reprint, transcript for CNN material, please contact licensing@cnn.comFor any questions or requests other than copyright issues or licensing requests, please contact cnn.com/feedback.These Terms of Use were last updated on December 23, 2019.







 

 (CNN)

WarnerMedia News and Sports Privacy PolicyA WarnerMedia CompanyLast updated: July 1, 2020 
Para leer la versión en español, visita: https://cnnespanol.cnn.com/declaraciones-de-privacidad/ Thank you for visiting a WarnerMedia News &amp.
Sports property.
This Privacy Policy explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about information collected through our websites, applications ("apps"), services, connected devices (e.g., connected TVs), and other offerings (each a "Site" or collectively, the "Sites").
This Privacy Policy applies to any Site that links directly to this policy.
For certain offerings on our Sites, there may be additional notices about our information practices and choices.
Please read those additional privacy disclosures to understand how they apply to you.
Our Privacy Policy is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles.
You can learn about our WarnerMedia and AT&amp;T affiliates by visiting the affiliates' page.Read MoreTABLE OF CONTENTS• INFORMATION WE COLLECT• HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION• INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE• YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROLS• COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNICAL INFORMATION• INFORMATION SECURITY• HOW YOU CAN ACCESS OR CORRECT INFORMATION• ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING CHILDREN'S PRIVACY• INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER• NOTIFICATION REGARDING PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES• HOW TO CONTACT US• CALIFORNIA AND CCPA PRIVACY RIGHTS AND DISCLOSURES• AFFILIATES (Please visit the affiliates' page to review our list of affiliates)INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe may collect different types of information during your interactions with our Sites and through our advertising and media across the Internet and mobile apps.
This information may include personal information (e.g., name, phone number, postal address, email address, and certain payment information), technical information (e.g., device identifier, IP address, browser type, operating system) and usage information (e.g., how you use and navigate to and from our Sites, and information about content or advertisements you have been shown or have clicked on).
We may combine these types of information together, and collectively refer to all of this information in this Privacy Policy as "Information." Information may be collected as described below and through the use of cookies, web beacons, pixels, and other similar technologies by us or by other companies on our behalf.
Below we describe the types of Information we may collect:Registration, account, and sign-up information. We may collect Information in the course of your use of, or registration with, our Sites.
For example, when you create an account, register for or download an app, or sign-up for a product or service, you may provide us with certain personal information.
This type of personal information may include name, phone number, postal address, fax number, email address, or certain payment information (e.g., credit card and billing information).
We may also collect Information about your interest in and use of various products, programs, services, and content available on or through our Sites.Other information you provide. When you interact with our Sites, you may share other information about yourself by, for example, publishing and sharing the information with the Site's website or in the Site's community, creating a or profile, or filing out a survey or application.
Sometimes you may also choose to provide more sensitive forms of personal information to us, such as information regarding your physical or mental health, biometric data, race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, or trade union membership.
For example, we may collect this type of sensitive information if you participate in surveys, focus groups, or opportunities to test new products, programs, or services.
We collect this sensitive information with your consent, if required by law, and we take steps to protect and limit any use of it to the purposes for which it is provided.Information from others.
inviting friends. On some of our Sites we may collect Information other people submit about you.
For example, a friend might submit Information to invite you to participate in an offering, make recommendations, or share content.
By processing these requests, we may receive your Information, including a recipient's name, postal address, email address, telephone number, or information about your interest in and use of various products, programs, services, and content.
Some of our Sites also allow users to invite friends to participate in activities by providing their friends' contact details or importing contacts from your address book or from other sites.
Information from other sources. We may combine Information we receive online with other information, including usage information from our other Sites and our online advertising and media.
We may also supplement or combine Information with information from a variety of other sources or outside records, such as demographic, transaction history, or personal information, and we may use that combined information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information you provide through social media. You can engage with some of our content and offerings, such as videos, games, apps, and other offerings on or through third party communities, forums, and social media sites, platforms, services, plug-ins, and applications ("Social Media Sites").
When you link to or interact with our Sites, content, or offerings through Social Media Sites, you may allow us to receive certain Information from your social media account (e.g., name, user ID, email address, profile photo, photos and videos, gender, birthday, location, your list of friends and their contact details, people you follow and/or who follow you, the posts or the 'likes' you make).
We may also receive Information from your interaction with our content (e.g., content viewed, game performance, high scores, and information about advertisements you have been shown or have clicked on).
By providing this Information or otherwise interacting with our Sites through Social Media Sites, you consent to our use of Information from the Social Media Sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
For information about how you can customize your privacy settings on Social Media Sites, and how those Social Media Sites handle your personal information and content, please refer to their privacy help guides, privacy policies, and terms of use.
Information you provide through public forums. If you post or share Information or content, such as photos, letters, videos, or comments, while participating in online forums on our Sites, or when you interact with our Sites through Social Media Sites, depending on your privacy settings, this Information or content and your username may become public on the Internet or within a community of users.
We cannot prevent further use of this Information once you share it in a publicly available forum.
For information about how you can customize your privacy settings on Social Media Sites, and how those Social Media Sites handle your personal information and content, please refer to their privacy help guides, privacy policies, and terms of use.Location information. We may have access to certain Information about your location, such as your country or address, when you provide it either directly or via device information.
If you access our Sites on your mobile device, we may collect Information about your device's precise location.
We also may derive a general location from device information (such as an IP address).Information you provide through camera access. For some Sites, we will ask for permission to access your device's camera.
If you grant permission, you may be able to take pictures or video within the app experience or to access certain augmented reality ("AR") features.
Some of these features may rely on camera systems to track movements of your eyes and other facial features or your immediate surroundings to apply AR effects.
Information gathered from some facial scanning technology (e.g.
TrueDepth API), is only used to make these services and features available to you and is only persistent on the device during use of the AR features.
Other facial scanning technology may be used for research, analytics, and enhancing consumer experiences.
Video and streaming information. For some Sites, we collect information about the films, TV shows, and videos that you view.
For example, if you stream video content using our Sites, we may collect information about your interaction with that content or service, such as the title and genre, watchlists you compile, and searches you conduct, duration and number of streams and downloads and system information related to streaming and download quality.Technical and usage information. We also collect certain technical and usage information when you use our Sites, such as the type of device, browser, and operating system you are using, your Internet service provider or mobile carrier, unique device identifier, IDFA or IDFV, MAC address, IP address, device and browser settings, the webpages and apps you use, advertisements you see and interact with, and certain Site usage information.
See our Cookies and Other Technical Information section for more information on how we may use these technologies to collect this Information.HOW WE USE THE INFORMATIONWe use Information for the purposes described in this policy or disclosed at the time of collection or with your consent.Providing and marketing products and services. We may use the Information we collect about you through our Sites to fulfill your requests for, and otherwise provide or analyze your use of our products, programs, services and content, to facilitate sharing and other interactions with Social Media Sites, and to provide, develop, maintain, personalize, protect, and improve your experience and our offerings.
For example, we use Information we collect to enable you to do things like (i) watch trailers, movies, programs, and video clips, (ii) get entertainment news and updates, (iii) get information about our products, programs, services, and content, (iv) locate and access personalized information or functionality based on your interests or location (e.g., find stores, theaters, or show times), (v) buy digital content, movie tickets, or other purchases (vi) play games, (vii) engage with interactive features, activities, and Social Media Sites, (viii) read and post comments, content, and reviews, (ix) fill out surveys or provide feedback, or (x) enter promotions, contests, and sweepstakes.
We may also use Information to offer, market, and advertise products, programs, and services from us and our affiliates, business partners, and select third parties that we believe may be of interest to you.Communicating with you and others. We may use Information about you to communicate with you, such as (i) to notify you when you win one of our contests or sweepstakes or when we make changes to our policies or user agreements, (ii) to respond to your inquiries and provide you with customer service, (iii) to communicate with you about your purchases or transactions, (iv) to contact you about your account, or (v) to send you information about promotions, offerings, and Site features.
You may also choose to receive push notifications from us on your mobile device.
If you choose to submit content for publication online or in other forums, we may publish your screen name or username and other Information you have provided to us on our Sites, the Internet, or elsewhere.
We use Information that you provide about others to enable us to send them invitations, promotions, or other content on your behalf or through our Sites.
From time to time, we also may use this Information to offer, market, or advertise products, programs, or services to them from us and our affiliates, and business partners.Use of technical and usage information. We may use technical and usage information to improve the design, functionality and content of our Sites and to enable us to personalize your experience with our Sites and offerings.
For example, we may use this Information (i) to provide, develop, maintain, personalize, protect, and improve our Sites, products, programs, and services and to operate our business, (ii) to perform analytics, including to analyze and report on usage and performance of our Sites, (iii) to protect against, identify, and prevent fraud and other unlawful activity, (iv) to create aggregate data about groups or categories of our users, and (iv) for us and our affiliates, business partners, and select third parties to target, offer, market, or advertise products, programs, or services.Compliance. We may use Information we collect to detect, investigate, and prevent activities on our Sites that may violate our terms of use, could be fraudulent, violate copyright, or other rules or that may be otherwise illegal, to comply with legal requirements, and to protect our rights and the rights and safety of our users and others.INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSUREWe may share and disclose Information in the following ways or for any other purpose disclosed at the time of collection:With your consent. We may disclose Information when you provide us with your consent to do so.Legal and law enforcement purposes. We may disclose Information in response to legal process, for example in response to a court order or a subpoena, or in response to a law enforcement agency's request.
We also may disclose such Information to third parties: (i) in connection with fraud prevention activities, (ii) where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, (iii) in situations that may involve violations of our terms of use or other rules, (iv) to protect our rights and the rights and safety of others, and (v) as otherwise required by law.Change of control. We may transfer Information in the event of a business transaction, such as if we or one of our business units or our relevant assets are acquired by, sold to, or merged with another company or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or a business reorganization.Service providers. Organizations that perform services for us may have access to Information to help carry out the services they are performing for us, such as, but not limited to, creation, maintenance, hosting, and delivery of our Sites, products, and services, conduct marketing, handle payments, email and order fulfillment, administer contests, conduct research and analytics, or customer service.Affiliates. We may disclose Information to affiliates.
For example, we may share Information we collect with our affiliates to provide, improve, offer, market, and otherwise communicate with you about their own products and services.
Our products and services may be developed, managed, marketed and sold by a variety of our affiliates.
We share Information that may identify you internally among affiliates publicly recognized as a WarnerMedia affiliate, such as Xandr and the AT&amp;T family of companies.
Public recognition may derive from, for example, use of common branding elements, advertising, press, social media reports or other public form of notice.
We require the affiliate to protect the Information consistent with this Policy.
We may also combine Information that identifies you personally with data that comes from an affiliate that has a different privacy policy.
When we do that, our Policy applies to the combined data set.
You can learn about our WarnerMedia and AT&amp;T affiliates by visiting the WarnerMedia affiliates' page.
Business partners and third parties. We may also share Information with business partners and third parties (e.g., other companies, retailers, research organizations, advertisers, ad agencies, advertising networks and platforms, participatory databases, publishers, and non-profit organizations) that may want to market products or services to you.
If we share personal information with such unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes, we provide you with an opportunity to opt out of such uses either at the point of collection or through the choice mechanisms set forth in this Privacy Policy.
To learn more about your choices, please see our Your Choices and Controls section below.Linked sites. Some of our Sites contain links to other sites, including Social Media Sites, whose information practices may be different from ours.
Information you submit to other sites will be governed by the other sites' privacy policies and terms.Sponsors and co-promotions. We may sometimes offer content or programs (e.g., contests, sweepstakes, promotions, games, applications or Social Media Site integrations) that are sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties.
By virtue of these relationships, the sponsoring or co-branding parties may collect or obtain Information from visitors that participate in the activity.
We have no control over these sponsoring or co-branding parties' use of this Information.
We encourage you to visit the privacy policy of any such sponsoring or co-branding party to learn about their data practices prior to providing Information through sponsored or co-branded content or programs.Advertising networks. We may share certain information with parties to provide advertising to you based on your interests.
For more information, please see our Ad Choices section below.YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROLSMarketing communications and sharing with third parties. We provide you with an opportunity to express your preferences with respect to receiving certain marketing communications from us, and our sharing of personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
If you ever decide in the future that you would like to update these preferences, you may (i) log in to an account you have created with us at one of our Sites to adjust your settings, or (ii) send us an email at wmprivacy@warnermediagroup.com.
To opt out of receiving our email marketing communications, you can also follow the "unsubscribe" instructions provided in any marketing email you receive from us.
If you previously chose to receive push notifications on your mobile device from us, but no longer wish to receive them, you can manage your preferences through your device or app settings, depending on the type of device.
If you have signed up to receive text messages from us and no longer wish to receive such messages, you may follow the instructions to stop the delivery of such messages, which may include by replying "STOP" to the received text message.For California residents, please see below for additional information on the choices we provide to you.Ad Choices. On our own or working with affiliates or third parties, we may present advertisements and engage in data collection, reporting, ad delivery and response measurement, and site analytics on our Sites and on third party websites across the Internet and applications over time.
We, our affiliates, or third parties may use cookies, web beacons, pixels, software development kits ("SDKs") or similar technologies to collect information across websites, services, and apps over time to perform this activity.
We, our affiliates, or third parties may use and transfer this information in order to help serve advertising that may be more relevant to your interests on and off our Sites and across your devices and browsers.
This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising.
We, our affiliates, or third parties may also use this information to associate your different browsers and devices together for interest-based advertising and for other purposes like research, analytics, internal operations, fraud prevention, and enhancing consumer experiences.For more information about interest-based advertising on your desktop or mobile browser, and to opt out of this type of advertising by third parties that participate in self-regulatory programs, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative website and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising website.
To learn more about interest-based advertising in mobile apps and to opt out of this type of advertising by third parties that participate in the DAA's AppChoices tool, please use this link to download the version of AppChoices for your device.
Please note that any opt-out choice you exercise through these programs will apply to interest-based advertising by the third parties you select, but will still allow the collection of data for other purposes, including research, analytics, and internal operations.
You may continue to receive advertising, but that advertising may be less relevant to your interests.
To opt out of our own collection, use, and transfer of data as described above for interest-based advertising, please visit our Privacy Center to opt-out.
Please note that if you opt out, we will continue to collect data for other purposes, including research, analytics, and internal operations.
You may continue to receive advertising on our Sites based on your activities on our Sites.
You may have more options depending on your mobile device and operating system.
For example, most device operating systems (e.g., iOS for Apple phones, Android for Android devices, and Windows for Microsoft devices) provide their own instructions on how to limit or prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements.
You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems to learn more about these features and how they apply to tailored in-app advertisements.Precise location information. To disable the collection of precise location information from your mobile device through our mobile apps, you can access your mobile device settings and choose to limit that collection.See also our Cookies and Other Technical Information section for more choices about managing other technical and usage information.COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNICAL INFORMATIONCookies and other technologies. We, and our affiliates, vendors, and business partners may send "cookies" to your computer or use similar technologies to understand and enhance your online experience at our Sites and through our advertising and media across the Internet and mobile apps.Cookies are small text files placed in your browser.
We may also use pixels or "web beacons" that monitor your use of our Sites.
Web beacons are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a webpage for the purpose of transferring data, such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the web beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the web beacon appears, the time the page containing the web beacon was viewed, the type of browser that fetched the web beacon, and the identification number of any cookie on the computer previously placed by that server.
We may also integrate SDKs into our applications to perform similar functions as cookies and web beacons.
For example, SDKs may collect technical and usage information such as mobile device identifiers and your interactions with the Site and other mobile apps.We may use cookies and other technologies to help recognize your browser or device, maintain your preferences, provide certain Site features, and collect Information about interactions with our Sites, our content, and our communications.
For example, when corresponding with you via HTML capable email, web beacons and other technologies let us know about your activity, including whether you received and opened our email, clicked through a link, or otherwise interacted with our content, and this information may be associated with Information previously collected.We may also use cookies and other technologies (i) to provide, develop, maintain, personalize, protect, and improve our Sites, products, programs, and services and to operate our business, (ii) to perform analytics, including to analyze and report on usage and performance of our Sites and marketing materials, (iii) to protect against, identify, and prevent fraud and other unlawful activity, (iv) to create aggregate data about groups or categories of our users, (v) to synchronize users across devices, affiliates, business partners, and select third parties, and (vi) for us and our affiliates, business partners, and select third parties to target, offer, market, or advertise products, programs, or services.
Cookies and other technologies also facilitate, manage, and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through us and/or other networks or sites.
By visiting the Site, whether as a registered user or otherwise, you acknowledge, and agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of the Site through the technologies described above, as well as similar technologies developed in the future, and that we may use such tracking technologies in the emails we send to you.Managing cookies and other technologies. Cookies can either be persistent (i.e., they remain on your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e., they last only until you close your browser).
Check your browser settings to learn how to delete cookies.You may adjust your browser to reject cookies from us or from any other website.
Controlling cookies via browser controls may not limit our use of other technologies.
Please consult your browser's settings for more information.
However, blocking cookies or similar technology might prevent you from accessing some of our content or Site features.Some of our Sites may use locally stored objects ("LSOs") to provide certain content, such as video on demand, video clips, or animation, and a better user experience.
Adobe's Flash player and similar applications use this technology to remember settings, preferences, and usage similar to browser cookies.
Flash cookies are not managed through your web browser, but you can access your Flash management tools by visiting Adobe's web site.
Your browser may also offer other tools to delete or reject other LSOs.
please check your browser's settings or help menu for more information.Some of our sites may use Google Analytics to analyze traffic.
You can find out more information about Google Analytics cookies by visiting the following location provided: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage.
To opt out of Google Analytics relating to your use of our Sites, you can download and install the Browser Plugin available by visiting the following location provided: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.Some Sites may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow users to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings.
To learn more about the information that Nielsen software may collect and your choices, please see the Nielsen Digital Measurement Privacy Policy by visiting the following location provided: https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/legal/privacy-statement/digital-measurement/We do not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed.
We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created.See the Your Choices and Controls section to learn how to control data collection for certain purposes.INFORMATION SECURITYWe have put in place reasonable controls designed to help safeguard the personal information we collect via the Sites.
However, no security measures are perfect, and we cannot assure you that personal information that we collect will never be accessed or used in an unauthorized way.HOW YOU CAN ACCESS OR CORRECT INFORMATIONTo access personal information that we have collected about you online from Sites on which this Privacy Policy is posted, or to update your user profile, please log into your account if you have created one with us, or send an email to wmprivacy@warnermediagroup.com.
For California residents, please see below for additional information on accessing information about you.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING CHILDREN'S PRIVACYOn most Sites, we do not knowingly collect information from children.
On some Sites, we may ask the user to provide us with the user's age information.
If the person indicates that he or she is under 13 years old, as permitted by law, we will (i) collect no or limited personal information (e.g.
persistent identifier and/or email address only) from that individual, (ii) inform the child that a parent's verifiable consent is required, and/or (iii) collect the email address of the user's parent in addition to the user's email address.
We may use the parent's email address to seek the parent's verifiable consent or notify the parent of his/her child's online activities and enable the parent to unsubscribe his/her child from a newsletter or other similar activity.
Once a parent provides consent, we may use any information collected from a child consistent with the rest of this Privacy Policy and/or the terms of the consent provided by the parent.
If a user is under 13, we will not condition his/her participation in an online activity on the disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity.
If you would like to review any personal information that we have collected online from your child, have this personal information deleted from our active servers, and/or request that there be no further collection or use of your child's personal information, or if you have questions about these information practices, you may contact us at wmprivacy@warnermediagroup.com, or at WarnerMedia Privacy Office, 4000 Warner Blvd., Bldg.
160, Burbank, CA 91522.INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERWe operate internationally, and many of our computer systems are currently based in the United States, which means Information we collect will be processed by us in the U.S.
where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union.
If you use or visit our Sites from outside the United States, you consent to the collection and/or processing in the United States of Information we collect from you.NOTIFICATION REGARDING PRIVACY POLICY UPDATESFrom time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy.
We will notify you about material changes to this Privacy Policy by placing a notice on our Sites.
We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always know our current privacy practices.HOW TO CONTACT USIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy you may contact us at: wmprivacy@warnermediagroup.com or at WarnerMedia Privacy Office, 4000 Warner Blvd., Bldg.
160, Burbank, CA 91522 or contact us toll free at 833-WM-PRVCY (833-967-7829) or TTY: 833-PRVCY-TT (833-778-2988).CALIFORNIA AND CCPA PRIVACY RIGHTS AND DISCLOSURESThis California and CCPA Privacy Rights and Disclosure section was last updated July 1, 2020 and addresses legal obligations and rights laid out in the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") and other laws that apply only to California residents.
These obligations and rights apply to businesses doing business in California and to California residents and information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with California consumers or households ("California Information").
It does not apply to information that has been de-identified or aggregated as provided by CCPA.
CALIFORNIA INFORMATION WE COLLECTED AND SHAREDThis section provides the information California residents need to exercise their rights over their California Information.
Here is information about the California Information we have collected from and shared about consumers in the year before this section was last updated.California Information We Collected
In the year before this section was last updated, we may have collected the following categories of California Information:• Address and other identifiers -- such as name, phone number, postal address, zip code, email address, account name or number, date of birth, driver's license number, payment card numbers, or other similar identifiers• Characteristics of protected classifications -- such as race, ethnicity, or sexual orientation• Unique and other online identifiers -- such as IP address, device IDs, or other similar identifiers that relate to your device and its operating system• Commercial information -- such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies• Internet or other electronic network activity information -- such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interactions with our Sites, and content such as videos, ads, websites, and devices such as smart TVs, streaming media, browsers and apps• Professional information or educational Information -- such as your current occupation• Biometric information • Audio, visual, or similar information -- such as photos, videos, video footage (CCTV) or recordings you choose to post to our Sites or provide by granting us access to your camera while using Sites or services• Location information -- such as your device's precise location in connection with certain Sites • Inferences or audience segmentation -- such as individual profiles, preferences, characteristics, and behaviors• In-Game or online viewing activities -- such videos, content, and pages viewedWe may have collected or sold these categories of California Information for the following business or commercial purposes:• Performing services on behalf of the business -- such as customer service, processing or fulfilling orders, providing content recommendations, and processing payments• Auditing customer transactions• Fraud and crime prevention• Debugging errors in systems• Marketing and advertising• Internal research, analytics and development -- e.g., user-preference analytics• Developing, maintaining, provisioning or upgrading networks, products, services, or devicesWe may have obtained California Information from a variety of sources, including:• Directly from you -- such as technical and usage information when you use our Sites• Linked sites -- such as Social Media Sites and third-party platforms• Our affiliates • Our joint ventures and promotional and strategic partners • Information suppliers• Distributors and other vendors• Marketing mailing lists• Other users submitting information about you -- such as to invite you to participate in an offering, make recommendations, or share content• Publicly available sources Disclosures of California Information:
In the year before this section was last updated, we may have disclosed the following categories of California Information to third parties:• Address and other identifiers -- such as name, phone number, postal address, zip code, email address, account name or number, date of birth, driver's license number, payment card numbers, or other similar identifiers• Characteristics of protected classifications -- such as race, ethnicity, or sexual orientation• Unique and other online identifiers -- such as IP address, device IDs, or other similar identifiers that relate to your device and its operating system• Commercial information -- such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies• Internet or other electronic network activity information -- such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interactions with our Sites, and content such as videos, ads, websites, and devices such as smart TVs, streaming media, browsers and apps• Professional information or educational Information -- such as your current occupation• Biometric information • Audio, visual, or similar information -- such as photos, videos, video footage (CCTV) or recordings you choose to post to our Sites or provide by granting us access to your camera while using Sites or services• Location information -- such as your device's precise location in connection with certain Sites• Inferences or audience segmentation -- such as individual profiles, preferences, characteristics, and behaviors• In-Game or online viewing activities -- such videos, content, and pages viewedWe may have disclosed each of these categories of California Information to the following categories of third parties:• Affiliates -- These entities are associated with us through common ownership.
For a list of affiliates, please visit the affiliates' page.• Service Providers -- These entities process information on our behalf for business purposes, helping us provide products or services to you• Social Media Platforms -- These entities maintain networks connecting individuals and organizations -- such as Facebook, LinkedIn, or Twitter• Advertising Partners -- These entities help us advertise our products or services, as well as connect us with others who want to place advertisements on some of our products or services • Analytics Partners -- These entities help us collect data on how our products or services are used, so that we can improve them and better understand our consumers• Promotional Partners -- We partner with these entities to jointly promote our products, for example by running contests or other promotional campaigns• Government Entities -- These entities include law enforcement authorities, regulatory agencies, and courtsCategories of California Information sold to third parties 
The CCPA defines 'sale' very broadly.
It includes the sharing of California Information in exchange for anything of value.
According to this broad definition, in the year before this section was last updated, we may have sold the following categories of California Information to third parties:• Address and other identifiers -- such as name, phone number, postal address, zip code, email address, account name or number, date of birth, driver's license number, payment card numbers, or other similar identifiers• Characteristics of protected classifications -- such as race, ethnicity, or sexual orientation• Unique and other online identifiers -- such as IP address, device IDs, or other similar identifiers that relate to your device and its operating system• Commercial information -- such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies• Internet or other electronic network activity information -- such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interactions with our Sites, and content such as videos, ads, websites, and devices such as smart TVs, streaming media, browsers and apps• Professional information or educational Information -- such as your current occupation• Biometric information • Audio, visual, or similar information -- such as photos, videos, video footage (CCTV) or recordings you choose to post to our Sites or provide by granting us access to your camera while using Sites or services• Location information -- such as your device's precise location in connection with certain Sites • Inferences or audience segmentation -- such as individual profiles, preferences, characteristics, and behaviors• In-Game or online viewing activities -- such videos, content, and pages viewedWe may have sold each of these categories of California Information to the following categories of third parties:• Affiliates -- These entities are associated with us through common ownership.
For a list of affiliates, please visit the affiliates' page.• Social Media Platforms -- These entities maintain networks connecting individuals and organizations -- such as Facebook, LinkedIn, or Twitter• Advertising Partners -- These entities help us advertise our products or services, as well as connect us with others who want to place advertisements on some of our products or services • Analytics Partners -- These entities help us collect data on how our products or services are used, so that we can improve them and better understand our consumers• Promotional Partners -- We partner with these entities to jointly promote our products, for example by running contests or other promotional campaignsYOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS TO REQUEST DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND SHARE ABOUT YOUIf you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information about our practices related to the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of the WarnerMedia family of companies to certain third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
You may be able to opt out of our sharing of your personal information with unaffiliated third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes in certain circumstances.
Please send your request (along with your full name, email address, postal address, and the subject line labeled "Your California Privacy Rights") by email at wmprivacy@warnermediagroup.com.In addition, if you are a California resident, the CCPA grants you the right to request certain information about our practices with respect to California Information.
In particular, you can request the following:• The categories and specific pieces of your California Information that we've collected• The categories of sources from which we collected California Information• The business or commercial purposes for which we collected or sold California Information• The categories of third parties with which we shared California InformationYou can submit a request to us for the following additional information:• The categories of third parties to whom we've sold California Information, and the category or categories of California Information sold to each• The categories of third parties to whom we've disclosed California Information, and the category or categories of California Information disclosed to each YOUR RIGHT TO REQUEST THE DELETION OF CALIFORNIA INFORMATIONUpon your request, we will delete the California Information we have collected about you, except for situations when that information is necessary for us to: provide you with a product or service that you requested.
perform a contract we entered into with you.
maintain the functionality or security of our systems.
comply with or exercise rights provided by the law.
or use the information internally in ways that are compatible with the context in which you provided the information to us, or that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us.YOUR RIGHT TO ASK US NOT TO SELL YOUR CALIFORNIA INFORMATIONYou can always tell us not to sell your California Information by visiting our Privacy Center.HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR CALIFORNIA RIGHTSYou may exercise your rights to request access to your California Information, deletion of your California Information, or to request we not sell your California Information by visiting our Privacy Center.
You can also contact us toll free at 833-WM-PRVCY (833-967-7829) or TTY: 833-PRVCY-TT (833-778-2988) and an agent will assist you with submitting a request.
These requests are generally free.
When you submit a request, we will usually ask you to provide an email address which we will contact to confirm the request was not fraudulently submitted.In addition, for access and deletion requests, we will use a third-party verification service to confirm that you are who you say you are.
Our verification service does this by matching information you provide against information held about you in its records, or, if necessary, by allowing you to submit documents proving your identity.If you are the parent of a child under 13 years of age, you may also submit a request on behalf of your child.
In that event, we will ask you to provide your child's email address, to verify your identity, and to submit a signed form authorizing us to proceed with the request regarding your child's California Information.
You may also designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf.
To do so, we will require either (1) a valid power of attorney, or (2) signed written permission from you.
In the event your authorized agent is relying on signed written permission, we may also need to verify your identity and/or contact you directly to confirm permission to proceed with the request.Your authorized agent can make a request by contacting us toll free at 833-WM-PRVCY (833-967-7829) or TTY: 833-PRVCY-TT (833-778-2988).OUR SUPPORT FOR THE EXERCISE YOUR DATA RIGHTSYou have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise any of the rights explained in this section of the Privacy Policy.
We are committed to providing you control over your California Information, we will not disadvantage you if you choose to exercise your rights.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS UNDER 16 YEARS OLDCCPA has specific rules regarding the use of California Information from consumers under 16 years of age.
In particular, consistent with the CCPA, if we knowingly collect the California Information of a consumer under the age of 16, we will not sell the information unless we receive affirmative permission to do so.
If the consumer is between the ages of 13 and 16 years of age, the consumer may provide that permission.
if the consumer is under the age of 13, the consumer's parent or guardian must provide the permission.
As of the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy, we do not have actual knowledge that we sell California Information of consumers under 16 years of age.If you would like further information on how we handle California Information from consumers under the age of 16 years of age, or if you have questions about these information practices, you may contact us at wmprivacy@warnermediagroup.com, or at WarnerMedia Privacy Office, 4000 Warner Blvd., Bldg.
160, Burbank, CA 91522.CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS UNDER 18 YEARS OLDCalifornia consumers who are registered users of the Sites and under 18 years of age may request removal of content or information they posted on the Sites.
We will remove such content or information when we are required to do so by law.
To request removal of content or information you posted on the Sites, you may contact us at wmprivacy@warnermediagroup.com, or at WarnerMedia Privacy Office, 4000 Warner Blvd., Bldg.
160, Burbank, CA 91522.
However, even if we remove the content or information that you posted, we cannot completely prevent further use or disclosure of that content or information by others once you have shared it in a publicly available forum.




