 Course Hero Privacy Policy 
Copyright Policy
Academic Integrity
Our Honor Code
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use


 Last updated February 3, 2017  This Privacy Policy applies to www.CourseHero.com owned and operated by Course Hero, Inc.
Course Hero's Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how we collect and use the personal information you decide to share, and help you make informed decisions when using Course Hero located at www.CourseHero.com (the "Website").

 By using or accessing the Website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

 If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
 Information We Collect  When you visit the Website you provide us with two types of information: (i) personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected by us and (ii) use information collected by us as you interact with the Website.

 When you register with the Website, you provide us with certain personal information, such as your name, your email address, your school, your status, your major, your graduation year, as well as sensitive information such as credit card information and any other personal or preference information that you provide to us.
 Tracking Technologies  Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by the Website and our partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers.
These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the Website, tracking users’ movements around the Website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.

 Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level.
If you reject cookies, you may still use our Website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Website may be limited.
 Log Files  As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.
We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you.
We do this to improve services we offer you, to improve marketing, analytics, or Website functionality.
 Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting  We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Website or to manage our advertising on other sites.
Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this Website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here.
Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads.  You will continue to receive generic ads.
 Local Storage Objects (HTML5)  We and third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Website or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML 5 to collect and store information.

 Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs.
 Use of Information Obtained by the Website  We use this information to: 

 Fulfill your order 
 Send you an order confirmation 
 Assess the needs of your business to determine suitable products 
 Send you requested product or service information 
 Send product updates or warranty information 
 Respond to customer service requests 
 Administer your account 
 Send you periodical email newsletters about joint ventures, significant updates to the Website or marketing communications 
 Send you marketing communications 


 Administer contests and sweepstakes you entered, and notify you if you won 
 Respond to your questions and concerns 
 Improve our Website and marketing efforts 
 Conduct research and analysis 
 Display content based upon your interests 
 Facilitate your transactions with other users 
 Enable you to post your resume, search job postings, and contact or be contacted by prospective employers 
 List you in our member directory made available only to other members 
 List you in our publicly accessible member directory.
If you do not want to be listed in our directory contact us at privacy@coursehero.com.

 Choice/Opt-Out  You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at privacy@coursehero.com.

 We enable you to create a profile, and share information such as messages, photos, and videos with others.
Please note that we cannot control the actions of others with whom you may choose to share your pages and information.

 When you register with the Website, you create your own account.
Your username and email will be attached to material you upload on the Website.
The Website will not provide any of your other personal information to third parties.

 When you disclose your Facebook account email address and password to the Website on the Invite Friends page, the Website will only use such information to (i) add you to the Facebook group named "Course Hero Inc." and (ii) invite your Facebook friends to join the Facebook group named "Course Hero Inc." All such Facebook transmissions using your Facebook password are automatically performed over a secure, encrypted connection.
The Website does not store your Facebook password.
 Information Sharing  We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
We do not sell, share, rent or trade your personal information to third parties for their promotional purposes.

 We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service.
These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.

 We may also disclose your personal information 

 in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

 as required by law such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process.

 when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.



 if Course Hero is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website of any change in ownership.
or 
 to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.


 We may share your personal information with other companies so that they can market their products or services to you.
If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies, contact us at privacy@coursehero.com.

 We make your contact information available to other users that you transact with on this Website to help complete the transaction.
 Links  The Website may contain links to other websites.
The Website is of course not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites.
The Website encourages users to be aware when they leave the Website to read the privacy policy of each and every website that collects personal information.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Website.
 Blog  Our Website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums.
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at privacy@coursehero.com.
In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
 Changing or Removing Information  Upon request Course Hero will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information.
To request this information please complete this form, contact us at privacy@coursehero.com with a link to the identified material/content.
We will respond to your request within 5 business days.

 Users may modify, delete or remove any of their account information at any time by logging into the My Account page.
Information will be updated immediately.
Individuals who wish to deactivate their Website account may do so on the My Account page.
 Protecting Information and Security  The Website takes appropriate precautions to protect our users' information.
Your account information is located on a secured server behind a firewall.
Because email and instant messaging are not recognized as secure communications, the Website requests that you not send private information to us by email.

 The security of your personal information is important to us.
When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).

 We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Website, you can contact us at privacy@coursehero.com.
 Data Retention  We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at privacy@coursehero.com.
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
 Referrals  If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our Website, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address.
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Website.
Course Hero stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program.

 Your friend may contact us at privacy@coursehero.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
 Social Media Widgets  Our Website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Website.
These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly.
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website.
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
 Single Sign On  You can log in to our Website using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider.
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form.  Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Website to your profile page to share with others within your network.
 Public Profile  The profile you create on our Website will be publicly accessible unless otherwise indicated.
You may change the privacy settings of your profile through your account portal.
If you wish to request removal of your information from our directory, you can contact us at privacy@coursehero.com.
 Unauthorized Profile  To remove unauthorized profiles, please send an email to privacy@coursehero.com.
 Changes in this Privacy Policy  If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will alert you to changes by email and/or by placing a notice on our home page and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

 We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently.
 Age restriction  If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access the Website at any time or in any manner.
If Course Hero learns that personal information of persons under 13 years of age has been collected through the Website, then Course Hero will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.
 Contact Us  Course Hero, Inc. 2000 Seaport Blvd, Floor 3 Redwood City, CA 94063 866-634-9397 support.coursehero.com  Learn More 
 What is the DMCA? 
 What is Course Hero's policy on uploading? 
 How do I remove content from Course Hero? 
 How do I re-add content that was mistakenly removed? 
 View all copyright FAQs Frequently Asked Questions Copyright &amp.
DMCA What is copyright and why is it important? 

According to the US Copyright Office, copyright is a form of intellectual property law that protects original works of authorship including literary, dramatic, musical, and artistic works, such as poetry, novels, movies, songs, computer software, and architecture.
Copyright does not protect facts, ideas, systems, or methods of operation, although it may protect the way these things are expressed.
Copyright grants the author of a work exclusive rights to copying, distributing, preparing derivative works based on a work and performing or displaying the work publicly.
It ensures that authors are the sole benefactors of their work. How does Course Hero handle copyright issues? 

Generally speaking, copyrights are held by the creator of the material.
However, there are a couple of exceptions including, but not limited to, the following:

Employers who own the rights to employee work
Fair Use content
Public Domain content
 There is no official copyright notice on this material, is it still copyrighted? 

Copyright holders are not required to label their work with an official copyright notice in order for that work to still be protected.
If you are not the author of the specific material you wish to upload, you MUST get express permission from the copyright holder. What is DMCA? 

The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) is a United States copyright law that addresses the protection of digital copyrighted materials.
The DMCA has five titles, or sections, with Title II having the most immediate impact on the Course Hero community.
Title II outlines certain legal duties with which Online Service Providers (OSPs) must comply in order to limit their legal liabilities in the event a user of their service violates copyright laws.
An OSP is defined as "an entity offering the transmission, routing, or providing of connections for digital online communications, between or among points specified by a user, of material of the user’s choosing, without modification to the content of the material as sent or received".
Course Hero is an OSP for users. How does Course Hero comply with the DMCA? 

We do not want unauthorized content on our site, and Course Hero’s Terms of Use explicitly state that users may only upload content they have the right to upload.
We rely on copyright holders and our users to flag any alleged copyright infringement so that we may promptly investigate the incident, protect copyrighted work, and ensure compliance with the DMCA. Infringement Notification &amp.
Counter Notification How do I report copyrighted materials on Course Hero? 

Course Hero is dedicated to protecting the rights of copyright holders, and it is our policy to immediately respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement.
Complete the official DMCA takedown request to request removal of alleged copyright materials on Course Hero. How do I file a DMCA takedown request? 

To file a DMCA takedown request, please complete the DMCA takedown request form.

 You will need to identify the copyrighted work or list of works claimed to have been infringed.

 Provide us with the specific identification and location of the copyrighted work, including its URL on Course Hero.
The URL should be in the following format: www.coursehero.com/file/xxxx/...
We need to make sure we properly locate the material you cited in Part 1.

 If sending your request via postal mail or fax, please provide us with your contact information (name, address, phone number, and email address).
We need to make sure we can get in touch with you throughout the process to ensure that your claim is sufficiently addressed.

 You must provide a statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
We need this statement and the following two items to help protect against the possibility of erroneous or mistaken notifications.

 You must provide a statement that the information in your letter is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner of the exclusive right to the identified work, or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right to the identified work.

 You must provide a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
In some instances, this may be you.

 Why did Course Hero request more information for my takedown request? 

Copyright takedowns are formal, legal requests that require specific elements in order to be complete and actionable. Why do I have to provide all my information each time I submit a new takedown request? 

In accordance with copyright law, we require complete notifications for each removal request. Can I request to remove entire courses? 

Course Hero will generally remove allegedly infringing content in response to a proper DMCA takedown request, but this is unlikely to include all material for an entire course.
You are required to specifically identify any allegedly infringing content, such as by its file URL (e.g.
www.coursehero.com/file/xxxx/..). What if I receive a takedown notice? 

Course Hero may provide the content provider/uploader with notice of the removal of, or disabled access to, content.
Course Hero also terminates the accounts of users who repeatedly post others’ work to the site without permission. How do I file a counter-notification? 

To file a counter-notification, please complete the counter-notification form.

 Please provide a physical or electronic signature with your written communication.

 Please identify each item you believe was mistakenly removed or disabled, and provide the location at which the material was previously located.

 Please provide a statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief the material was mistakenly removed.

 Please provide your name, address, and telephone number.
Under the DMCA, you also need to provide a statement consenting to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for your address.
If you do not reside in the United States, please provide a statement consenting to jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the Northern District of California, and accepting service of process from the individual (or his or her agent) who placed the DMCA takedown request.

 How do I prevent my study documents from being uploaded to Course Hero if they’re submitted by someone else? 

Course Hero uses an automated uploading system that attempts to deny unauthorized documents.
Submit an official DMCA takedown request here to request removal of alleged copyright infringing materials on Course Hero. Others What is the upload policy? 

Users are prohibited from uploading or submitting copyright infringing materials (including without limitation copies made without the consent of the copyright owner of testing materials, textbooks, instructor's solution manuals, test banks, lecture notes, slide presentations or related copyrighted works, in whole or in part).
By submitting documents to Course Hero, you are representing that:

 You own the copyrights covering the files to be uploaded or have express permission from the copyright owners to upload those files.

 Your uploading of the files will not violate any law, regulation, or ethics code.

 Uploading the files will not violate Course Hero's Terms of Use.

 What file formats does Course Hero accept? 

We want to ensure any approved documents uploaded to Course Hero are accessible to our users.
We ask users to upload commonly formatted documents like .DOC, .DOCX, .XLS, .XLSX, and .PDF How does Course Hero treat my private information? 

Course Hero takes your privacy very seriously.
For information on how Course Hero treats your private information, please refer to Course Hero’s full Privacy Policy here . Where can I find the Terms of Use? 

You can locate Course Hero's Terms of Use here. What is the DMCA?  The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) is a United States copyright law that addresses the protection of digital copyrighted materials.

 The DMCA has five titles, or sections, with Title II having the most immediate impact on the Course Hero community.
Title II outlines certain legal duties with which Online Service Providers (OSPs) must comply in order to limit their legal liabilities in the event a user of their service violates copyright laws.
An OSP is defined as "an entity offering the transmission, routing, or providing of connections for digital online communications, between or among points specified by a user, of material of the user’s choosing, without modification to the content of the material as sent or received”.
Course Hero is an OSP for users.
 What is the upload policy?  By submitting documents to Course Hero, you are representing that:


 You own the copyrights covering the files to be uploaded or have express permission from the copyright owners to upload those files.

 Your uploading of the files will not violate any law, regulation, or ethics code.
and...

 Uploading the files will not violate Course Hero's Terms of Use.



 Counter Notification Requirements 
 The easiest way to file a complaint is to fill in a counter notification form.
How to file a counter notice with Course Hero:  If Course Hero does remove or disable access in response to a proper DMCA notice, Course Hero will promptly contact the content provider so that they may make a counter notification.

 If the content provider believes that the material that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or the content provider believes that it has the right to post and use such material from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law, the content provider may send Course Hero a counter notice as described below.
Pursuant to Section 512(g) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, please use the following format (including section numbers):  1.
Identification of the specific content and URL(s)  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(g)(3)(B): Please identify each item you believe was mistakenly removed or disabled for access, and provide the location at which the material was previously located.
 2.
Your contact information  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(g)(3)(D): Please provide your name, address, and telephone number.
Under the DMCA, you also need to provide a statement consenting to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial address of your address.
If you do not reside in the United States, please provide a statement consenting to jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the Northern District of California, and accepting service of process from the individual (or his or her agent) who placed the DMCA takedown request.
 3.
You must agree to and include the following statement:  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(g)(3)(C): Please provide a statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief the material was mistakenly removed.
 4.
Your signature  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(g)(3)(A): Please provide a physical or electronic signature with your written communication.
 Once you have compiled the above information, please send it in a written communication via mail or email to:  Course Hero, Inc.
 Attn: Terry Park, DMCA Complaints/Agent  2000 Seaport Blvd, Floor 3  Redwood City, CA 94063  Fax: (650) 649-2319  Email: dmca@coursehero.com 
 If Course Hero receives a counter notice, it may, in its discretion, send a copy of the counter notice to the original complaining party informing that person that Course Hero may replace the removed material or cease disabling it in 10 business days.
Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider accused of committing infringement, the removed material may be replaced or access to it restored in 10 to 14 business days after receipt of the counter notice.
 File a counter notification Close Copyright Infringement Notification Requirements 
 The easiest way to file a complaint is to fill in a copyright infringement notification form.
How to file a notice of copyright infringement with Course Hero:  To file a notice of copyright infringement with Course Hero, you will need to provide a written communication that sets forth the items specified below.
Pursuant to Section 512(c)(3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, please use the following format (including section numbers):  1.
A description of your work that you believe has been infringed  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(c)(3)(A)(ii): Please identify the copyrighted work or list of works claimed to have �been infringed.
 2.
The URL(s) of the allegedly infringing content  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(c)(3)(A)(iii): Please provide us with the specific identification and location of the copyrighted work, including its URL on Course Hero.
We need to make sure we properly locate the material you cited in Part 1.
 3.
Your contact information  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(c)(3)(A)(iv): Please provide us with your contact information (name, address, phone number, and email address).
We need to make sure we can get in touch with you throughout the process to ensure that your claim is sufficiently addressed.
 4.
You must agree to and include the following statement:  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(c)(3)(A)(v): Please provide a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
We need this statement and the following two items to help protect against the possibility of erroneous or mistaken notifications.
 5.
...and the following statement:  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(c)(3)(A)(vi): Please provide a statement that the information in your letter is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner of the exclusive right to the identified work, or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right to the identified work.
 6.
Your signature  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(c)(3)(A)(i): Please provide a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
In some instances, this may be you.
 Once you have compiled the above information, please send it in a written communication via mail or email to:  Course Hero, Inc. Attn: Terry Park, DMCA Complaints/Agent 2000 Seaport Blvd, Floor 3 Redwood City, CA 94063 Fax: (650) 649-2319 Email: dmca@coursehero.com  Once Course Hero receives proper bona fide infringement notification:  Upon receipt of a proper notice of copyright infringement, Course Hero reserves the right to: 

 remove or disable access to the infringing material.

 notify the content provider who is accused of infringement that Course Hero has removed or disabled access to the applicable material.
and 
 terminate such content provider’s access to the Services if he or she is a repeat offender.



 File a copyright infringement notification Close   Course Hero Terms of Use 
Copyright Policy
Academic Integrity
Our Honor Code
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use


 Last updated May 23, 2016  PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR USE OF AND ACCESS TO OUR SERVICES (DEFINED BELOW) ARE SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE FOLLOWING, YOU MAY NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER.
 1.
INTRODUCTION AND GENERAL TERMS  Welcome to www.coursehero.com.
Please read on to learn the rules and restrictions that govern your use of our website(s), products, services and applications (the “Services”).
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding these terms or the Services, please contact us at support.coursehero.com or 2000 Seaport Blvd, Floor 3, Redwood City, CA 94063.

 These Terms of Use (the “Terms”) are a binding contract between you and Course Hero, Inc.
(“Course Hero,” “we” and “us”).
You must agree to and accept all of the Terms, or you don’t have the right to use the Services.
Your using the Services in any way means that you agree to all of these Terms, and these Terms will remain in effect while you use the Services.
These Terms include the provisions in this document, as well as those in the Course Hero Privacy Policy, Honor Code and Copyright Dispute Policy.

 For the purposes of these Terms, “User” means anyone who accesses and/or registers for our Services, including without limitation students, Instructors, or other users.
“Instructor” means Experts (as defined below), tutors, and anyone who provides answers, online courses, instruction, tutoring and learning services through our Services.


Will these Terms ever change?
 We are constantly trying to improve our Services, so these Terms may need to change along with the Services.
We reserve the right to change the Terms at any time, but if we do, we will bring it to your attention by placing a notice on the www.coursehero.com website, by sending you an email and/or by some other means.

 If you don’t agree with the new Terms, you are free to reject them.
unfortunately, that means you will no longer be able to use the Services.
If you use the Services in any way after a change to the Terms is effective, that means you agree to all of the changes.

 Except for changes by us as described here, no other amendment or modification of these Terms will be effective unless in writing and signed by both you and us.


What about my privacy?
 Course Hero takes the privacy of its users very seriously.
For the current Course Hero Privacy Policy, please click here.

 The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) requires that online service providers obtain parental consent before they knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children who are under 13.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under 13.
if you are a child under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us.
If we learn we have collected personal information from a child under 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at support.coursehero.com.
 2.
WHAT ARE THE BASICS OF USING COURSEHERO.COM (APPLICABLE TO ALL USERS)? 
Registration and Security
 To use some aspects of the Services, you may be required to sign up for an account, and select a password and user name (“Course Hero User ID”).
If you are accessing the Services through a third party site or service (such as “Facebook Connect”), we may require that your Course Hero User ID be the same as your user name for such third party site or service.
You promise to provide us with accurate, complete, and updated registration information about yourself.
You may not select as your Course Hero User ID a name that you don’t have the right to use, or another person’s name with the intent to impersonate that person.
You may not transfer your account to anyone else without our prior written permission.
You may only create one account with us.
If your account has been suspended or terminated, you may not open another account with us.
If you access the Service through a third party site or service, you will provide your third party account credentials to us, and you are consenting to have the information in those accounts transmitted into your Course Hero account, and you agree that you shall only use accounts owned by you, and not by any other person or entity.

 You represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding contract (or if not, you’ve received your parent’s or guardian’s permission to use the Services and gotten your parent or guardian to agree to these Terms on your behalf).
If you’re agreeing to these Terms on behalf of an organization or entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to agree to these Terms on that organization or entity’s behalf and bind them to these Terms, in which case the references to “you” or “your” or the like other than in this sentence, refer to such organization or entity.
If you are a parent, guardian, or other person who enables a child under the age of 13 to access the Services, you agree to stand in the shoes of such child for the purposes of making us whole in case of damages or indemnification that could properly lie against a child, if not for his or her age.
The Services are intended for use by you only if you are 13 years of age or older.


Permitted Use
 You will only use the Services for your own personal use (and not on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party), and only in a manner that complies with all laws that apply to you.
You may not resell or make any commercial use of the Services or any Content therein (other than your own Submissions, subject to the non-exclusive license you grant to us).
Any Content you access through the Services is licensed, not sold to you, regardless of the use of the term “purchase” herein.
You are prohibited from soliciting other Users to contact you outside the Services, including Instructors, for any purpose.
“Content” means the materials displayed or performed or available on or through the Services, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, data, articles, photos, images, illustrations, course materials, class notes, flash cards, Expert Answers, and so forth.
“Submissions” means any Content you post, upload, share, store, or otherwise provide through the Services, whether as an Instructor or User.

 If your use of the Services is prohibited by applicable laws, then you aren’t authorized to use the Services.
We can’t and won’t be responsible for your using the Services in a way that breaks the law.


We are not responsible for Content
 We are not responsible for editing, modifying, filtering, screening, monitoring, endorsing or guaranteeing any Content.
We are not liable for any acts or omissions of Users, or the accuracy or completeness of any answers or another User’s ability to provide answers.
We cannot ensure that a User will complete a transaction.

 Content is to be used for general information purposes only, not as a substitute for in-person evaluation or specific professional advice.Communications facilitated by the Service do not create client-professional relationships and are not the subject of any associated privileges or confidentiality protections.
Communications on this Service are limited and do not include safeguards and procedures typical of in-person evaluations and visits.


Protection of Content
 The Content is protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property laws.
You promise to abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content you access through the Services, and you won’t use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit for any purpose any Content not owned by you, (i) without the prior consent of the owner of that Content or (ii) in a way that violates someone else’s (including Course Hero’s) rights.

 You understand that Course Hero owns the Services.
You won’t modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as expressly provided in this Section), create derivative works based on, or otherwise exploit any of the Services.

 The Services may allow you to copy or download certain Content.
please remember that just because this functionality exists, doesn’t mean that all the restrictions above don’t apply – they do! 

Connectivity Costs and Equipment
 You are responsible for all service, internet and/or other fees and costs associated with your access to and use of the Services, including, but not limited to, any data charges imposed by a wireless carrier or Internet service provider, and for obtaining and maintaining all equipment required for such access and use.


Access to Instructors and Expert Answers

Access to Instructors: The Services may include, at our discretion, access to Instructors (who may be individuals or entities) who teach online courses or provide instructional materials and/or tutoring.
Instructors are not employees or agents of Course Hero.
We solely facilitate the transaction between you and the Instructor.
We are not involved in the conversation between you and Instructors and we do not refer you to or endorse or recommend particular Instructors.
Emergency questions and crisis situations (particularly regarding medical or mental health issues) should be directed immediately by telephone or in-person to qualified professionals (e.g., in the U.S., call 911).
The Service is not the appropriate venue to deal with such questions or situations.
The laws, regulations, other governing authorities, standards, practices and procedures that apply to your particular question may differ depending on your location and information typically discovered through in-person evaluations or visits.
For example, Instructors in some categories may be licensed, certified, educated, employed by or have experience in only particular jurisdictions.


Expert Answers: Your access to Instructors may include access to individuals or entities who prepare specific answers (“Expert Answers”) to your submitted questions (such individuals and entities may be referred to as “Experts,” which term includes tutors answering questions regarding academic subjects, as well as other individuals or entities answering questions outside the academic subjects).
Experts choose whether to answer your question at their own discretion.


What are the rights and obligations specific to my Submissions?
 We want you to know the following regarding your Submissions: 

 Your Submissions are not private.
Submissions are not private or confidential and may be read, collected, and used by others.
To better protect your privacy, do not include information regarding your identity or contact information in Submissions that you post or upload to the Service.

 You are responsible for your Submissions.
You are fully responsible for all Submissions you contribute, in any manner, to the Services, and for the accuracy of the same, and you represent and warrant you have all rights necessary to do so, in the manner in which you contribute it, and that Course Hero shall not need to obtain any licenses, rights, consents, or permissions from, or make any payments to, any third party for any use or exploitation of your Submissions in any and all media, whether now known or hereafter created, or have any liability to you or any third party as a result of any use of your Submissions as authorized in these Terms.
For more information, please see our Frequently Asked Questions and our Honor Code.

 As between us and you, you are the owner of your Submissions.
Course Hero does not claim any ownership rights in your Submissions.
After submitting your Submissions to the Service, you continue to retain all ownership rights in such Submissions, subject to the licenses granted below, and you continue to have the right to use your Submissions in any way you choose.

 Waiver of Personality Rights.
You hereby waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with the use of the Submissions, or any portion thereof, as authorized by these Terms in connection with the Services, or of your name, personality, likeness, image or voice in connection with offering, delivering, marketing, promoting, demonstrating and selling your Submissions, or any advertising or publicity relating thereto.



Your use of the Services is subject to the following additional restrictions:
 You are prohibited from uploading or submitting copyright infringing materials (including without limitation copies made without the consent of the copyright owner of testing materials, textbooks, instructors solution manuals, test banks, lecture notes, slide presentations, or related copyrighted works, in whole or in part).
You represent, warrant, and agree that you will not contribute any Submission that, or otherwise use the Services or interact with the Services in a manner that: 

 Infringes or violates the intellectual property rights or any other rights of anyone else (including Course Hero).

 Violates any law or regulation.

 Is harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene, or otherwise objectionabl 
 Jeopardizes the security of your Course Hero account or anyone else’s (such as allowing someone else to log on as you on the Services).

 Attempts, in any manner, to obtain the password, account, or other security information from any other User.

 Violates the security of any computer network, or cracks any passwords or security encryption codes.

 Runs Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder or “spam” on the Services, or any processes that run or are activated while you are not logged into the Services, or that otherwise interfere with the proper working of the Services (including by placing an unreasonable load on the Services’ infrastructure).

 “Crawls,” “scrapes,” or “spiders” any page, data or portion of or relating to the Services or Content (through use of manual or automated means).

 Introduces any viruses, Trojan horses, or other computer programming routines that may damage, interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any part of the Services.

 Copies or stores any significant portion of the Content.

 Decompiles, reverse engineers, or otherwise attempts to obtain the source code or underlying ideas or information of or relating to the Services.


 A violation of any of the foregoing is grounds for termination of your right to use or access the Services.


Do I have to grant any licenses to Course Hero or to other Users?
 In order to display your Submissions on the Services, for you to obtain credits for such Submissions, and to allow other Users to enjoy them, you grant us certain rights in those Submissions.

 You hereby grant Course Hero a non-exclusive license to translate, modify (for technical purposes, for example making sure your content is viewable on different devices), store, edit and reproduce and otherwise act with respect to such Submissions, in each case to enable us to operate the Services, as described in more detail below.
This license enables us to provide the Services and is not intended to otherwise limit your ownership rights in your Submissions.

 You also grant Course Hero a non-exclusive license to publicly display, perform, and distribute your Submissions for the purpose of making such Submissions accessible to all Course Hero Users and providing the Services necessary to do so, as well as all other rights necessary to use and exercise all rights in that Submission in connection with the Services and/or otherwise in connection with the Course Hero business for any purpose.
The licenses granted to Course Hero also include the right to distribute your Submissions through multiple tiers of sublicensees and for such sublicensees to have all rights necessary for them to offer, deliver, market, promote, demonstrate and sell your Submissions to other Users.

 Also, you grant all other Users of the Services a license to access your Submissions, and to use and exercise all rights in it, as permitted by the functionality of the Service, including reproducing such Submissions on personal devices.

 You agree that the licenses you grant are royalty-free (except for any payments or credits we expressly agree to pay to you when you make your Submission), perpetual, transferable, sublicensable, irrevocable, and worldwide.
You understand and agree that if you delete your account, it may not be possible to completely delete that content from Course Hero’s records, and that your Submissions will remain viewable elsewhere as part of the Services and to the extent that they were downloaded or stored by other Users.

 Finally, you understand and agree that Course Hero, in performing the required technical steps to provide the Services to our Users (including you), may need to make changes to your Submissions to conform and adapt those Submissions to the technical requirements of connection networks, devices, services, or media, and the foregoing licenses include the rights to do so.


What if I see something on the Services that infringes my copyright?
 You may have heard of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”), as it relates to online service providers, like Course Hero, being asked to remove material that allegedly violates someone’s copyright.
We respect others’ intellectual property rights, and we reserve the right to delete or disable Content alleged to be infringing, and to terminate the accounts of repeat alleged infringers.
to review our complete Copyright Dispute Policy and learn how to report potentially infringing content, click here.
To learn more about the DMCA, click here.


Who is responsible for what I see and do on the Services?
 Any Content publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Services is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such content originated, and you access all such information and content at your own risk, and we aren’t liable for any errors or omissions in that information or content or for any damages or loss you might suffer in connection with it.
We cannot control and have no duty to take any action regarding how you may interpret and use the Content or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content, and you hereby release us from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services.
We can’t guarantee the identity of any Users with whom you interact in using the Services and are not responsible for which Users gain access to the Services.

 The Services may contain links or connections to third party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by Course Hero.
When you access third party websites or use third party services, you accept that there are risks in doing so, and that Course Hero is not responsible for such risks.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third party website or service that you visit or utilize.

 Course Hero has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any third party websites or by any third party that you interact with through the Services.
In addition, Course Hero will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit the content of any third party site or service.
By using the Services, you release and hold us harmless from any and all liability arising from your use of any third party website or service.

 Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Services, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals.
You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties.
You agree that Course Hero shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings.

 If there is a dispute between Users on this site, or between Users and any third party, you agree that Course Hero is under no obligation to become involved.
In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other Users, you release Course Hero, its officers, employees, agents, and successors from claims, demands, and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our Services.
If you are a California resident, you shall and hereby do waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor."  3.
WHAT ARE THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS SPECIFIC TO INSTRUCTORS?  In addition to the above obligations applicable to all Users, you agree to the below terms if you sign up as an Instructor through the Services.


 You have read and agree to our pricing information and policy which can be found here.

 You have the required qualifications, credentials and expertise to teach and offer the courses, instruction and materials you sign up to provide, and that any credentials you post are accurate, truthful, complete, and not misleading.

 You will not use the Services for any business other than for providing tutoring, teaching and instructional services to registered Users.

 You will not engage in any activity that will require Course Hero to obtain any licenses from or pay any royalties to any third party, including, by way of example and not limitation, the payment of royalties for the public performance of any musical works or sound recordings.

 You will not interfere with or otherwise prevent other Instructors from providing their services or courses.

 You will keep your Submissions up-to-date, and respond to Users seeking your services in a timely fashion, so as to ensure quality of service to Users.

 If you are under the age of 18, but are qualified to be an Instructor, you will obtain parental or legal guardian permission as and when needed, and before registering with the Services.
and 
 If you are in a jurisdiction where any form of instructing requires a license, credential, certification or other form of governmental or third party license, consent, authorization or permission, you shall not use the Services as an Instructor until such license, consent, authorization or permission has been obtained.


 Please also see our Frequently Asked Questions for more information on how to sign up as an Instructor and for guidelines on submitting Expert Answers and other Instructor materials.
We recommend that you read those.
 4.
OTHER IMPORTANT TERMS 
Will Course Hero ever change the Services?
 We’re always trying to improve the Services, so they may change over time.
We may suspend or discontinue any part of the Services, or we may introduce new features or impose limits on certain features or restrict access to parts or all of the Services.
We’ll try to give you notice when we make a material change to the Services that would adversely affect you, but this isn’t always practical.
Similarly, we reserve the right to remove any Content from the Services at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, if someone alleges you contributed that Content in violation of these Terms), in our sole discretion, and without notice.


Does the Course Hero Service cost anything?
 Course Hero offers a free basic membership as well as a paid premium membership (“Premier User”).
You can also select to purchase individual items for download.
For more details on pricing, payment and what is included in the different levels of membership, please see our Frequently Asked Questions.


Homework Help Fees, Tutor Credits and Unlocks.
 You select the price that you are willing to pay for an answer.
To honor the time Experts spend helping you, your payment is automatically completed when an answer is posted or emailed to you.
Upon payment for an answer, you have no right to a refund.
Course Hero maintains the right to initiate special incentive and pricing programs.
These may be limited, at Course Hero’s sole discretion, to defined and limited Users or non-Users.
Tutor credits and unlocks are a contractual right only.
tutor credits and unlocks are not cash or a cash equivalent (such as a gift card) and cannot be redeemed for cash or cash equivalents.
Tutor credits and unlocks are non-transferable, non-refundable, do not accrue interest, and are valid only for a limited period of time.
For more details on tutor credits and unlocks, please see our Frequently Asked Questions.


Paying for Access (Subscriptions).
 If you select the paid premium membership, Course Hero charges your credit card immediately upon your purchase of a subscription package and any renewal thereof.
Monthly, quarterly and annual subscription prices are listed here, and are charged one time at the time of purchase.
All subscription packages are renewed and charged automatically for successive equivalent periods until you discontinue such renewal by selecting the "Stop Recurring Payment" option under your Account Settings.
You must follow the instructions on the page to confirm the cancellation.


What if I want to stop using Course Hero?
 You’re free to do that at any time, by contacting us at support.coursehero.com.
please refer to our Privacy Policy, as well as the licenses above, to understand how we treat information you provide to us after you have stopped using our Services.

 You can cancel any ongoing billing by selecting the "Stop Recurring Payment" option under the Account Settings section of the User Dashboard of the Service.
For any questions, please email us at billing@coursehero.com.
Cancellations will be effective within 7 business days.
All debts and fees must be paid before cancellation can take effect.
Termination of your account does not affect your liability or obligations under the Terms.

 Course Hero is also free to terminate (or suspend access to) your use of the Services or your account, for any reason in our discretion, including your breach of these Terms.
Course Hero has the sole right to decide whether you are in violation of any of the restrictions set forth in these Terms.

 Account termination may result in destruction of any Content associated with your account, so keep that in mind before you decide to terminate your account.

 If you have deleted your account by mistake, contact us immediately at support.coursehero.com– we will try to help, but unfortunately, we can’t promise that we can recover or restore anything.


Refunds
 Each and every subscription package requires an upfront and immediate charge to your credit card depending on the subscription term that you elect to purchase.
We do not provide refunds once a User has viewed at least one document as a Premier User.
If your account is a recurring payment subscription, and multiple payments have occurred, under no circumstances will we refund anything but the very last payment in case of a dispute by a User.
Additionally, unused tutor credits expire upon the expiration or cancellation of the applicable subscription package and cannot be redeemed for cash.
For any billing related questions in regards to payment and refunds, please contact Customer Service at billing@coursehero.com.

 We do not provide refunds for Content you purchase from our Services (for example, if you purchase an Expert Answer).
If you have an issue with any such purchased Content, please contact us at support.coursehero.com.


What else do I need to know?

Survival of Terms
Provisions that, by their nature, should survive termination of these Terms shall survive termination.
By way of example, all of the following will survive termination: any obligation you have to pay us or indemnify us, any limitations on our liability, any terms regarding ownership or intellectual property rights, and terms regarding disputes between us.


General Disclaimer
The Services provide a marketplace of Users and Instructors.
We don’t hire or background check Instructors, we aren’t responsible for reviewing Content for accuracy, reliability or appropriateness, nor are we responsible or liable for any interactions between Users and Instructors.
We are not responsible for disputes, claims, losses, injuries, or damage of any kind that might arise out of or relate to conduct of Users or Instructors, including, but not limited to, any User’s reliance upon any information provided by an Instructor.
You understand that by using the Services you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable.
You hereby agree to hold Course Hero harmless from and against any and all claims that you may have arising out of your access or use of any Content.


I use the Course Hero App available via the Apple App Store – should I know anything about that? These Terms apply to your use of all the Services, including the iOS applications available via the Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) App Store (the “Application”), but the following additional terms also apply to the Application: 

Both you and Course Hero acknowledge that the Terms are concluded between you and Course Hero only, and not with Apple, and that Apple is not responsible for the Application or the Content;
The Application is licensed to you on a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferrable, non-sublicensable basis, solely to be used in connection with the Services for your private, personal, non-commercial use, subject to all the terms and conditions of these Terms as they are applicable to the Services;
You will only use the Application in connection with an Apple device that you own or control;
You acknowledge and agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Application;
In the event of any failure of the Application to conform to any applicable warranty, including those implied by law, you may notify Apple of such failure.
upon notification, Apple’s sole warranty obligation to you will be to refund to you the purchase price, if any, of the Application;
You acknowledge and agree that Course Hero, and not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party may have in relation to the Application;
You acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any third party claim that the Application or your possession and use of the Application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Course Hero, and not Apple, will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such infringement claim;
You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and that you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties;
Both you and Course Hero acknowledge and agree that, in your use of the Application, you will comply with any applicable third party terms of agreement which may affect or be affected by such use.
and
Both you and Course Hero acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as the third party beneficiary hereof.




Warranty Disclaimer.
 Neither Course Hero nor any of its licensors or suppliers makes any representations or warranties concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Services, and we will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services.
We (and our licensors and suppliers) make no representations or warranties regarding suggestions or recommendations of services or products offered or purchased through the Services.
Any Content or Services purchased or offered (whether or not following such recommendations and suggestions) through the Services are provided “AS IS” and without any warranty of any kind from Course Hero or others.
THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS-IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.


Limitation of Liability.
 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE) SHALL COURSE HERO (OR ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS) BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR (B) ANY AMOUNT, IN THE AGGREGATE, IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF (I) $100 OR (II) THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO COURSE HERO IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THIS APPLICABLE CLAIM, OR (C) ANY MATTER BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.


Indemnity.
 You agree to indemnify and hold Course Hero, its affiliates, officers, agents, employees, and partners harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising from or in any way related to any third party claims relating to (a) your use of the Services (including any actions taken by a third party using your account), and (b) your violation of these Terms.
In the event of such a claim, suit, or action (“Claim”), if you have an account, we will attempt to provide notice of the Claim to the contact information we have for your account (provided that failure to deliver such notice shall not eliminate or reduce your indemnification obligations hereunder).


Assignment.
 You may not assign, delegate or transfer these Terms or your rights or obligations hereunder, or your Services account, in any way (by operation of law or otherwise) without Course Hero’s prior written consent.
We may transfer, assign, or delegate these Terms and our rights and obligations without consent.


Choice of Law.
Arbitration.
 These Terms are governed by and will be construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.
Any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of these Terms (whether brought against Course Hero or against any director, officer or employee of Course Hero in their personal capacity) shall be finally settled in San Francisco County, California, in English, in accordance with the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc.
("JAMS") then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who shall be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with such Rules.
Judgment upon the award rendered by such arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Any arbitration under these Terms will take place on an individual basis: class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND COURSE HERO ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.
Notwithstanding the foregoing obligation to arbitrate disputes, each party shall have the right to pursue injunctive or other equitable relief at any time, from any court of competent jurisdiction.
For all purposes of these Terms, the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state or federal courts located in, respectively, San Mateo County, California, or the Northern District of California.


Miscellaneous.
 You will be responsible for paying, withholding, filing, and reporting all taxes, duties, and other governmental assessments associated with your activity in connection with the Services, provided that Course Hero may, in its sole discretion, do any of the foregoing on your behalf or for itself as it sees fit.
The failure of either you or us to exercise, in any way, any right herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.
If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated, to the minimum extent necessary, so that these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
You and Course Hero agree that these Terms are the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding between you and Course Hero, and that it supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of these Terms, and that all modifications to these Terms must be in a writing signed by both parties (except as otherwise provided herein).
You hereby acknowledge and agree that you are not an employee, agent, partner or joint venture of Course Hero, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Course Hero in any respect whatsoever.
Except as expressly set forth in the section above regarding the Apple Application, you and Course Hero agree there are no third party beneficiaries intended under these Terms.
 Learn More 
 What is the DMCA? 
 What is Course Hero's policy on uploading? 
 How do I remove content from Course Hero? 
 How do I re-add content that was mistakenly removed? 
 View all copyright FAQs Frequently Asked Questions Copyright &amp.
DMCA What is copyright and why is it important? 

According to the US Copyright Office, copyright is a form of intellectual property law that protects original works of authorship including literary, dramatic, musical, and artistic works, such as poetry, novels, movies, songs, computer software, and architecture.
Copyright does not protect facts, ideas, systems, or methods of operation, although it may protect the way these things are expressed.
Copyright grants the author of a work exclusive rights to copying, distributing, preparing derivative works based on a work and performing or displaying the work publicly.
It ensures that authors are the sole benefactors of their work. How does Course Hero handle copyright issues? 

Generally speaking, copyrights are held by the creator of the material.
However, there are a couple of exceptions including, but not limited to, the following:

Employers who own the rights to employee work
Fair Use content
Public Domain content
 There is no official copyright notice on this material, is it still copyrighted? 

Copyright holders are not required to label their work with an official copyright notice in order for that work to still be protected.
If you are not the author of the specific material you wish to upload, you MUST get express permission from the copyright holder. What is DMCA? 

The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) is a United States copyright law that addresses the protection of digital copyrighted materials.
The DMCA has five titles, or sections, with Title II having the most immediate impact on the Course Hero community.
Title II outlines certain legal duties with which Online Service Providers (OSPs) must comply in order to limit their legal liabilities in the event a user of their service violates copyright laws.
An OSP is defined as "an entity offering the transmission, routing, or providing of connections for digital online communications, between or among points specified by a user, of material of the user’s choosing, without modification to the content of the material as sent or received".
Course Hero is an OSP for users. How does Course Hero comply with the DMCA? 

We do not want unauthorized content on our site, and Course Hero’s Terms of Use explicitly state that users may only upload content they have the right to upload.
We rely on copyright holders and our users to flag any alleged copyright infringement so that we may promptly investigate the incident, protect copyrighted work, and ensure compliance with the DMCA. Infringement Notification &amp.
Counter Notification How do I report copyrighted materials on Course Hero? 

Course Hero is dedicated to protecting the rights of copyright holders, and it is our policy to immediately respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement.
Complete the official DMCA takedown request to request removal of alleged copyright materials on Course Hero. How do I file a DMCA takedown request? 

To file a DMCA takedown request, please complete the DMCA takedown request form.

 You will need to identify the copyrighted work or list of works claimed to have been infringed.

 Provide us with the specific identification and location of the copyrighted work, including its URL on Course Hero.
The URL should be in the following format: www.coursehero.com/file/xxxx/...
We need to make sure we properly locate the material you cited in Part 1.

 If sending your request via postal mail or fax, please provide us with your contact information (name, address, phone number, and email address).
We need to make sure we can get in touch with you throughout the process to ensure that your claim is sufficiently addressed.

 You must provide a statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
We need this statement and the following two items to help protect against the possibility of erroneous or mistaken notifications.

 You must provide a statement that the information in your letter is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner of the exclusive right to the identified work, or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right to the identified work.

 You must provide a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
In some instances, this may be you.

 Why did Course Hero request more information for my takedown request? 

Copyright takedowns are formal, legal requests that require specific elements in order to be complete and actionable. Why do I have to provide all my information each time I submit a new takedown request? 

In accordance with copyright law, we require complete notifications for each removal request. Can I request to remove entire courses? 

Course Hero will generally remove allegedly infringing content in response to a proper DMCA takedown request, but this is unlikely to include all material for an entire course.
You are required to specifically identify any allegedly infringing content, such as by its file URL (e.g.
www.coursehero.com/file/xxxx/..). What if I receive a takedown notice? 

Course Hero may provide the content provider/uploader with notice of the removal of, or disabled access to, content.
Course Hero also terminates the accounts of users who repeatedly post others’ work to the site without permission. How do I file a counter-notification? 

To file a counter-notification, please complete the counter-notification form.

 Please provide a physical or electronic signature with your written communication.

 Please identify each item you believe was mistakenly removed or disabled, and provide the location at which the material was previously located.

 Please provide a statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief the material was mistakenly removed.

 Please provide your name, address, and telephone number.
Under the DMCA, you also need to provide a statement consenting to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for your address.
If you do not reside in the United States, please provide a statement consenting to jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the Northern District of California, and accepting service of process from the individual (or his or her agent) who placed the DMCA takedown request.

 How do I prevent my study documents from being uploaded to Course Hero if they’re submitted by someone else? 

Course Hero uses an automated uploading system that attempts to deny unauthorized documents.
Submit an official DMCA takedown request here to request removal of alleged copyright infringing materials on Course Hero. Others What is the upload policy? 

Users are prohibited from uploading or submitting copyright infringing materials (including without limitation copies made without the consent of the copyright owner of testing materials, textbooks, instructor's solution manuals, test banks, lecture notes, slide presentations or related copyrighted works, in whole or in part).
By submitting documents to Course Hero, you are representing that:

 You own the copyrights covering the files to be uploaded or have express permission from the copyright owners to upload those files.

 Your uploading of the files will not violate any law, regulation, or ethics code.

 Uploading the files will not violate Course Hero's Terms of Use.

 What file formats does Course Hero accept? 

We want to ensure any approved documents uploaded to Course Hero are accessible to our users.
We ask users to upload commonly formatted documents like .DOC, .DOCX, .XLS, .XLSX, and .PDF How does Course Hero treat my private information? 

Course Hero takes your privacy very seriously.
For information on how Course Hero treats your private information, please refer to Course Hero’s full Privacy Policy here . Where can I find the Terms of Use? 

You can locate Course Hero's Terms of Use here. What is the DMCA?  The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) is a United States copyright law that addresses the protection of digital copyrighted materials.

 The DMCA has five titles, or sections, with Title II having the most immediate impact on the Course Hero community.
Title II outlines certain legal duties with which Online Service Providers (OSPs) must comply in order to limit their legal liabilities in the event a user of their service violates copyright laws.
An OSP is defined as "an entity offering the transmission, routing, or providing of connections for digital online communications, between or among points specified by a user, of material of the user’s choosing, without modification to the content of the material as sent or received”.
Course Hero is an OSP for users.
 What is the upload policy?  By submitting documents to Course Hero, you are representing that:


 You own the copyrights covering the files to be uploaded or have express permission from the copyright owners to upload those files.

 Your uploading of the files will not violate any law, regulation, or ethics code.
and...

 Uploading the files will not violate Course Hero's Terms of Use.



 Counter Notification Requirements 
 The easiest way to file a complaint is to fill in a counter notification form.
How to file a counter notice with Course Hero:  If Course Hero does remove or disable access in response to a proper DMCA notice, Course Hero will promptly contact the content provider so that they may make a counter notification.

 If the content provider believes that the material that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or the content provider believes that it has the right to post and use such material from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law, the content provider may send Course Hero a counter notice as described below.
Pursuant to Section 512(g) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, please use the following format (including section numbers):  1.
Identification of the specific content and URL(s)  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(g)(3)(B): Please identify each item you believe was mistakenly removed or disabled for access, and provide the location at which the material was previously located.
 2.
Your contact information  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(g)(3)(D): Please provide your name, address, and telephone number.
Under the DMCA, you also need to provide a statement consenting to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial address of your address.
If you do not reside in the United States, please provide a statement consenting to jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the Northern District of California, and accepting service of process from the individual (or his or her agent) who placed the DMCA takedown request.
 3.
You must agree to and include the following statement:  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(g)(3)(C): Please provide a statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief the material was mistakenly removed.
 4.
Your signature  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(g)(3)(A): Please provide a physical or electronic signature with your written communication.
 Once you have compiled the above information, please send it in a written communication via mail or email to:  Course Hero, Inc.
 Attn: Terry Park, DMCA Complaints/Agent  2000 Seaport Blvd, Floor 3  Redwood City, CA 94063  Fax: (650) 649-2319  Email: dmca@coursehero.com 
 If Course Hero receives a counter notice, it may, in its discretion, send a copy of the counter notice to the original complaining party informing that person that Course Hero may replace the removed material or cease disabling it in 10 business days.
Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider accused of committing infringement, the removed material may be replaced or access to it restored in 10 to 14 business days after receipt of the counter notice.
 File a counter notification Close Copyright Infringement Notification Requirements 
 The easiest way to file a complaint is to fill in a copyright infringement notification form.
How to file a notice of copyright infringement with Course Hero:  To file a notice of copyright infringement with Course Hero, you will need to provide a written communication that sets forth the items specified below.
Pursuant to Section 512(c)(3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, please use the following format (including section numbers):  1.
A description of your work that you believe has been infringed  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(c)(3)(A)(ii): Please identify the copyrighted work or list of works claimed to have �been infringed.
 2.
The URL(s) of the allegedly infringing content  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(c)(3)(A)(iii): Please provide us with the specific identification and location of the copyrighted work, including its URL on Course Hero.
We need to make sure we properly locate the material you cited in Part 1.
 3.
Your contact information  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(c)(3)(A)(iv): Please provide us with your contact information (name, address, phone number, and email address).
We need to make sure we can get in touch with you throughout the process to ensure that your claim is sufficiently addressed.
 4.
You must agree to and include the following statement:  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(c)(3)(A)(v): Please provide a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
We need this statement and the following two items to help protect against the possibility of erroneous or mistaken notifications.
 5.
...and the following statement:  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(c)(3)(A)(vi): Please provide a statement that the information in your letter is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner of the exclusive right to the identified work, or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right to the identified work.
 6.
Your signature  17 U.S.C.
§ 512(c)(3)(A)(i): Please provide a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
In some instances, this may be you.
 Once you have compiled the above information, please send it in a written communication via mail or email to:  Course Hero, Inc. Attn: Terry Park, DMCA Complaints/Agent 2000 Seaport Blvd, Floor 3 Redwood City, CA 94063 Fax: (650) 649-2319 Email: dmca@coursehero.com  Once Course Hero receives proper bona fide infringement notification:  Upon receipt of a proper notice of copyright infringement, Course Hero reserves the right to: 

 remove or disable access to the infringing material.

 notify the content provider who is accused of infringement that Course Hero has removed or disabled access to the applicable material.
and 
 terminate such content provider’s access to the Services if he or she is a repeat offender.



 File a copyright infringement notification Close 