Privacy PolicyCookies PolicyTerms of UseCookies PolicyEffective: May 15, 2018
Coursera ("us", "we", or "our") uses cookies on coursera.org and affiliated websites (collectively the "Site").
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we partner with may use cookies on the Site, and your choices regarding cookies.
Please read this Cookies Policy in conjunction with our Privacy Policy, which sets out additional details on how we use personally identifiable information and your various rights.What are cookiesCookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit.
A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Site or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Site more useful to you.
Essentially, cookies are a user’s identification card for the Coursera servers.
Web beacons are small graphic files linked to our servers that allow us to track your use of our Site and related functionalities.
Cookies and web beacons allow Coursera to serve you better and more efficiently, and to personalize your experience on our Site.
Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies.How Coursera uses cookiesWhen you use and access the Site, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.
Coursera uses or may use cookies and/or web beacons to help us determine and identify repeat visitors, the type of content and sites to which a user of our Site links, the length of time each user spends at any particular area of our Site, and the specific functionalities that users choose to use.
To the extent that cookies data constitutes personally identifiable information, we process such data on the basis of your consent.
We use both session and persistent cookies on the Site and we use different types of cookies to run the Site:


Essential cookies. Necessary for the operation of the Site.
We may use essential cookies to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent use of user accounts, or offer Site features.

Analytical/performance cookies. Allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and see how visitors move around the Site when using it.
This helps us improve the way the Site works.

Functionality cookies. Used to recognise you when you return to the Site.
This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).

Targeting cookies. Record your visit to the Site, the pages you have visited, and the links you have followed.
We will use this information to make the Site and the more relevant to your interests.
We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.

To view a list of Coursera cookies, please view our Cookies Table.Third-party cookiesIn addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-party cookies to report usage statistics of the Site and refine marketing efforts.


Tracking cookies. Follow on-site behavior and tie it to other metrics allowing better understanding of usage habits.

Optimization cookies. Allow real-time tracking of user conversion from different marketing channels to evaluate their effectiveness.

Partner cookies. Provide marketing conversion metrics to our partners so they can optimize their paid marketing efforts.

To view a list of third-party cookies that we use, please view our Cookies Table.What are your choices regarding cookiesIf you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use some or all of the features we offer.
You may not be able to log in, store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
 Privacy PolicyCookies PolicyTerms of UsePrivacy Policy
Effective: July 11, 2018.
Key Information
Cousera, Inc.
is the data controller of your personal information.
We collect the personal information set out in the "What Information We Collect" section of this Privacy Policy below, including account registration details, details of online courses you undertake, survey information (where you provide it), identity verification data and information about your use of our site and services.
We use your personal information for the purposes set out in the "How We Use the Information" section of this Privacy Policy below, including providing our site and services to you, ensuring the security and performance of our site, research relating to academic courses, sharing information with our partners (such as academic institutions) and our suppliers, direct marketing and performing statistical analysis of the use of our site and services.
You have a number of rights that you can exercise in relation to our use of your personal information, as set out in the "Updating or Deleting Your Personally Identifiable Information" section of this Privacy Policy below.
You can find information about us and how we collect, use and store your personal data in each section of this privacy policy:
Purpose and who we are
What Information this Privacy Policy Covers
What You Agree to by Using Our Site
What Information We Collect
How We Use the Information
External Links
Retention of Personally Identifiable Information
Confidentiality and Security of Your Personally Identifiable Information
Updating or Deleting Your Personally Identifiable Information
Questions, Suggestions and Complaints
California Privacy Rights
International Privacy Practices
Changing Our Privacy Policy
No Information From Children Under 13
Purpose and who we areThe purpose of this Privacy Policy is to describe how Coursera, Inc.
("Coursera," "us," "we," or "our") collects, uses and shares information about you through our online interfaces (e.g., websites and mobile applications) owned and controlled by us, including www.coursera.org (collectively referred to herein as the "Site").
Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
If you do not understand any aspects of our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at privacy@coursera.org.
Your use of our Site is also governed by our Terms of Use.
Coursera, Inc.
is a Delaware corporation with a principal place of business at 381 E.
Evelyn Ave., Mountain View, CA 94041.
If you reside or are located in the European Economic Area ("EEA") Coursera is the data controller of all Personally Identifiable Information (as defined below) collected via the Site and of certain Personally Identifiable Information collected from third parties, as set out in this Privacy Policy.What Information this Privacy Policy CoversThis Privacy Policy covers information we collect from you through our Site.
Some of our Site’s functionality can be used without revealing any Personally Identifiable Information, though for features or services related to the Online Courses, Personally Identifiable Information is required.
In order to access certain features and benefits on our Site, you may need to submit, or we may collect, 
"Personally Identifiable Information" (i.e., information that can be used to identify you).
Personally Identifiable Information can include information such as your name and email address, among other things.
If you reside or are located in the EEA, it can also include your IP address or device identifier.
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personally Identifiable Information you submit to Coursera.
Inaccurate information may affect your ability to use the Site, the information you receive when using the Site, and our ability to contact you.
For example, your email address should be kept current because that is one of the primary manners in which we communicate with you.What You Agree to by Using Our SiteWe consider that the legal bases for using your personal information as set out in this privacy policy are as follows:

our use of your personal information is necessary to perform our obligations under any contract with you (for example, to comply with the terms of use of our Site which you accept by browsing our website and/or to comply with our contract to provide services to you).
or
our use of your personal information is necessary for complying with our legal obligations.
or
where neither of the above apply, use of your personal information is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others.
Our legitimate interests are to:
run, grow and develop our business;
operate our Site and provide our services;
select appropriately skilled and qualified suppliers;
build relationships with partners and academic institutions;
carry out research and statistical analysis;
carry out marketing and business development.
and
for internal administrative and auditing purposes.



If we rely on our (or another person's) legitimate interests for using your personal information, we will undertake a balancing test to ensure that our (or the other person's) legitimate interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of the personal information.
We may process your personal information in some cases for marketing purposes on the basis of your consent (which you may withdraw at any time after giving it, as described below).
If we rely on your consent for us to use your personal information in a particular way, but you later change your mind, you may withdraw your consent by visiting your profile page and clicking the box to remove consent or delete your account and we will stop doing so.
However, if you withdraw your consent, this may impact the ability for us to be able to provide our services to you.What Information We CollectWe gather two types of information about users through the Site:

1.
Information relating to your use of our Site. When users come to our Site, we may track, collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages of our Site were visited, the order in which they were visited, when they were visited, and which hyperlinks were "clicked." We also collect information from the URLs from which you linked to our Site.
Collecting such information may involve logging the IP address, operating system and browser software used by each user of the Site.
We may be able to determine from an IP address a user’s Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.
We also use (or may use) cookies and web beacons when you visit our Site.
For more information on our use of cookies and web beacons, please refer to our Cookie Policy.



2.
Personally Identifiable Information provided directly by you or via third parties. We collect Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to us when you register for an account, update or change information for your account, purchase products or services, complete a survey, sign-up for email updates or Online Courses, participate in our public forums, send us email messages, and/or participate in Online Courses or other services on our Site.
We may use the Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to respond to your questions, provide you the specific course and/or services you select, send you updates about Online Courses offered by Coursera or other Coursera events, and send you email messages about Site maintenance or updates.


Account Registration.
If you register for an account on our Site, you may be required to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information such as your name and email address.


Updates.
Coursera may offer you the ability to receive updates either via email or by posting on portions of the Site only accessible to registered users.
In order to subscribe to these services, you may be required to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information such as your name and email address.


Forums.
Coursera may offer public forums from time to time (the "Forums") where you can share comments and thoughts.
In order to participate in the Forums, you may be required to register with us and/or provide us with Personally Identifiable Information such as your name and email address.
Please keep in mind that information you post or make available in Forums will be publicly available.
You should not post any Personally Identifiable Information or other information of a personal or sensitive nature, whether relating to you or another person, on a Forum.
Please also reference our Terms of Use for our Rules for Online Conduct and additional information about proper use of our Forums.


Participation in Online Courses.
Coursera offers users the opportunity to participate in an Online Course on or through the Site.
If you desire to participate in a course, you will be asked to provide us with certain information necessary to conduct such a course.
This information may include, among other things, your name and email address.


If you participate in an online course, we may collect from you certain student-generated content, such as assignments you submit to instructors, peer-graded assignments, and peer grading student feedback.
We also collect course data, such as student responses to in-video quizzes, standalone quizzes, exams, and surveys.
You should not include any Personally Identifiable Information or other information of a personal or sensitive nature, whether relating to you or another person, on assignments, exams, or surveys, except for information required to participate or submit such assignments, exams, or surveys.


Identity Verification.
Coursera may offer you the ability to verify your identity for selected classes.
In order to enroll for these services, you may be required to provide us or our third-party identity verification vendor with Personally Identifiable Information such as your name, address, date of birth, a headshot taken using a webcam, and a photo identification document.
Additionally, if you apply for financial aid in connection with these services, you may be required to provide information regarding your income.


Communications with Coursera.
We may receive Personally Identifiable Information when you send us an email message or otherwise contact us.


Third Party Sites.
We may receive Personally Identifiable Information when you access or log-in to a third party site, e.g., Facebook, from our Sites.
This may include the text and/or images of your Personally Identifiable Information available from the third party site.


Surveys.
We may receive Personally Identifiable Information when you provide information in response to a survey operated by us.
This may include details about your race, your education history, and your employment.


Partner sites.
Partner sites providing Online Course related tools and services to Coursera users may collect nonfinancial individual level user data regarding the individual’s use of that partner site while engaged with such Online Course related activities, and the partner sites may share that data with Coursera for the purpose of improving Coursera’s services, the partner site’s services, and the individual’s education experience.
This data includes information such as the amount of time spent on the partner site and pages viewed.


Third Party Credit Card Processing.
Coursera provides you with the ability to pay for Online Courses and other services using a credit card through a third party payment processing service provider.
Please note that our service provider – not Coursera – collects and processes your credit card information.

How We Use the Information
1.
Information relating to your use of our Site. We use information relating to your use of the Site to build higher quality, more useful services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our users, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of our Site.
We may also use this information to ensure the security of our services and the Site.

2.
Personally Identifiable Information provided directly by you or via third parties. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, Coursera will not disclose any of your Personally Identifiable Information.
In addition to the other uses set forth in this Privacy Policy, we may disclose and otherwise use Personally Identifiable Information as described below.


Providing the Site and our services.
We use Personally Identifiable Information which you provide to us in order to allow you to access and use the Site and in order to provide any information, products or services that you request from us.


Technical support and security.
We may use Personally Identifiable Information to provide technical support to you, where required, and to ensure the security of our services and the Site.


Updates.
We use Personally Identifiable Information collected when you sign-up for our various email or update services to send you the messages in connection with the Site or an Online Course.
We may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you, where we are legally entitled to do so.


Forums.
You should not post any Personally Identifiable Information or other information of a personal or sensitive nature, whether relating to you or another person, within a Forum post.
If you choose to post Personally Identifiable Information, such Personally Identifiable Information may be collected during your use of the Forums.
We may publish this information via extensions of our Platform that use third-party services, like mobile applications.
We reserve the right to reuse Forum posts that contain Personally Identifiable Information in future versions of the courses we offer, and to enhance future course offerings.
We may archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you and/or your designee(s), and/or provide it to the University partner, business partner, or the instructor(s) associated with the courses you have taken.
We may also use or publish posts submitted on the Forums without using Personally Identification Information.


Participation in Online Courses.
We use the Personally Identifiable Information that we collect from you when you participate in an Online Course through the Site for processing purposes, including but not limited to tracking attendance, progress, and completion of an Online Course.
We may also share your Personally Identifiable Information and your performance in a given Online Course with the instructor or instructors who taught the course, with teaching assistants or other individuals designated by the instructor or instructors to assist with the creation, modification or operation of the course, and with the institution or institutions with which they are affiliated.
Also, we may archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you, where we are legally entitled to do so.


Identity Verification.
For services that require identity verification, we use the Personally Identifiable Information that we collect for verifying your identity, and for authenticating that submissions made on the Site were made by you.
This service may be provided through a third-party identity verification vendor.
Your photo identification document will be deleted after successful verification of your profile information.


Communications with or from Coursera.
When you send us an email message or otherwise contact us, we may use the information provided by you to respond to your communication and/or as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you where we are legally entitled to do so.
Where we send you emails, we may track the way that you interact with these emails (such as when you open an email or click on a link inside an email).
We use this information for the purposes of optimizing and better tailoring our communications to you.


Communications with Coursera Business Partners.
We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with University partners and other business partners of Coursera so that Coursera University partners and other business partners may share information about their products and services that may be of interest to you where they are legally entitled to do so.


Research.
We may share general course data (including quiz or assignment submissions, grades, and forum discussions), information about your activity on our Site, and demographic data from surveys operated by us with our University partners and other business partners so that our University partners and other business partners may use the data for research related to online education.


Disclosure to Coursera Operations and Maintenance Contractors.
We use various service providers, vendors and contractors (collectively, "Contractors") to assist us in providing our products and services to you.
Our Contractors may have limited access to your Personally Identifiable Information in the course of providing their products or services to us, so that we in turn can provide our products and services to you.
These Contractors may include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services, and/or content related to the operation and maintenance of the Site or the Online Course.
Access to your Personally Identifiable Information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary for the contractor to perform its limited function for us.


Government Authorities, Legal Rights and Actions.
Coursera may share your Personally Identifiable Information with various government authorities in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process.
to establish or exercise our legal rights or to protect our property.
to defend against legal claims.
or as otherwise required by law.
In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
We also may share your Personally Identifiable Information when we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities.
to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of Coursera, the Site, our users, customers, or others.
and in connection with our Terms of Use and other agreements.


Disclosure to Acquirers.
Coursera may disclose and/or transfer your Personally Identifiable Information to an acquirer, assignee or other successor entity in connection with a sale, merger, or reorganization of all or substantially all of the equity, business or assets of Coursera to which your Personally Identifiable Information relates.


e-Readers.
If we receive any Personally Identifiable Information related to the extent to which you use designated e-Readers to access Coursera materials, we may archive it, and use it for research, business, or other purposes.

External LinksFor your convenience we may provide links to sites operated by organizations other than Coursera ("Third Party Sites") that we believe may be of interest to you.
We do not disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to these Third Party Sites unless we have a lawful basis on which to do so.
We do not endorse and are not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Sites.
If you choose to click on a link to one of these Third Party Sites, you should review the privacy policy posted on the other site to understand how that Third Party Site collects and uses your Personally Identifiable Information.Retention of Personally Identifiable InformationIf you reside or are located in the EEA, we keep your Personally Identifiable Information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the Personally Identifiable Information is processed.
The length of time we retain Personally Identifiable Information for depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.Confidentiality &amp.
Security of Personally Identifiable InformationWe consider the confidentiality and security of your information to be of the utmost importance.
We will use industry standard physical, technical and administrative security measures to keep your Personally Identifiable Information confidential and secure and will not share it with third parties, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, or unless such disclosure is necessary in special cases, such as a physical threat to you or others, as permitted by applicable law.
Because the Internet is not a 100% secure environment we cannot guarantee the security of Personally Identifiable Information, and there is some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way to circumvent our security systems or that transmission of your information over the Internet will be intercepted.
It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information.
Please note that e-mails communications are typically not encrypted and should not be considered secure.Updating or Deleting Your Personally Identifiable InformationYou have certain rights in relation to your Personally Identifiable Information.
You can access your Personally Identifiable Information and confirm that it remains correct and up-to-date or choose whether or not you wish to receive material from us or some of our partners by logging into the Site and visiting your user account page.
If you would like further information in relation to your rights or would like to exercise any of them, you may also contact us via privacy@coursera.org.
If you reside or are located in the EEA, you have the right to request that we:

provide access to any Personally Identifiable Information we hold about you;
prevent the processing of your Personally Identifiable Information for direct-marketing purposes;
update any Personally Identifiable Information which is out of date or incorrect;
delete any Personally Identifiable Information which we are holding about you;
restrict the way that we process your Personally Identifiable Information;
provide your Personally Identifiable Information to a third party provider of services.
or
provide you with a copy of any Personally Identifiable Information which we hold about you.

We try to answer every email promptly where possible, and provide our response within the time period stated by applicable law.
Keep in mind, however, that there will be residual information that will remain within our databases, access logs and other records, which may or may not contain your Personally Identifiable Information.
Please also note that certain Personally Identifiable Information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, which may include if we need to keep processing your Personally Identifiable Information to comply with a legal obligation.

When you email us with a request, we may ask that you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity.Questions, Suggestions and ComplaintsIf you have any privacy-related questions, suggestions, unresolved problems, or complaints you may contact us via privacy@coursera.org.
If you reside or are located in the EEA, our Data Protection Officer and Privacy Team may assist with all queries regarding our processing of Personally Identifiable at security@coursera.org.
If you reside or are located in the EEA, you may also make a complaint to our supervisory body for data protection matters (namely the UK Information Commissioner's Office) or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe that your rights have been breached.California Privacy RightsUnder California’s "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses.
If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g.
requests made in 2012 will receive information regarding 2011 sharing activities).
To obtain this information, please send an email message to privacy@coursera.org with "Request for California Privacy Information" on the subject line and in the body of your message.
We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response.
Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.International Privacy PracticesCoursera’s Sites are primarily operated and managed on servers located and operated within the United States.
In order to provide our products and services to you, we may send and store your Personally Identifiable Information (also commonly referred to as personal data) outside of the country where you reside or are located, including to the United States.
Accordingly, if you reside or are located outside of the United States, your Personally Identifiable Information may be transferred outside of the country where you reside or are located, including to countries that may not or do not provide the same level of protection for your Personally Identifiable Information.
We are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information when it is transferred.
If you reside or are located within the EEA and such transfers occur, we take appropriate steps to provide the same level of protection for the processing carried out in any such countries as you would have within the EEA to the extent feasible under applicable law.
We participate in and commit to adhering to the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework when transferring data from the EEA to the United States.
Please see our Privacy Shield Policy for further information.Changing Our Privacy PolicyPlease note that we review our privacy practices from time to time, and that these practices are subject to change.
Any change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on our Site.
We will notify you of any material change to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on our Site’s homepage for a reasonable period of time following such update, and by changing the effective date (located at the bottom of this page).
Be sure to return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this Privacy Policy.No Information from Children Under 13Coursera strongly believes in protecting the privacy of children.
In line with this belief, we do not knowingly collect or maintain Personally Identifiable Information on our Site from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of our Site is directed to persons under 13 years of age.
If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access this Site at any time or in any manner.
We will take appropriate steps to delete any Personally Identifiable Information of persons less than 13 years of age that has been collected on our Site without verified parental consent upon learning of the existence of such Personally Identifiable Information.Privacy Shield Policy
Effective as of June 28, 2017.
Introduction.Coursera, Inc.
(referred to as "we," "us," or "our"), believes in protecting your privacy.
We participate in and commit to adhering to the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework which includes the Privacy Shield Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access and enforcement (the "Principles") for all transfers of personal data from EEA to the U.S.
To learn more about Privacy Shield, please visit the U.S.
Department of Commerce Privacy Shield website: https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
For more information regarding our Privacy Shield certification, please click here.
When we use the term "Personal Information" in this Privacy Shield Policy, we are referring to any information that (i) is recorded in any form.
(ii) is about an identified or identifiable individual.
and (iii) is received by us from the EEA.
When we use the term "Sensitive Personal Information" in this Privacy Shield Policy, we are referring to a particular subset of an individual’s Personal Information that provides details of his or her race, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership or that concerns his or her health.
The purpose of this Privacy Shield Policy is to outline our general practices for implementing the Principles with respect to the Personal Information we collect.
If you would like to obtain additional information regarding our privacy practices in connection with information collected on this website in general, please refer to our online Privacy Policy.Principles.
1.
Notice. We will provide you with timely and appropriate notice in our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, describing what Personal Information we are collecting, how we will use that information, and the types of third parties with whom we may share such information (and the reasons we do so).
Please review these documents carefully.
Where we process personal data on behalf of our business partners, we will work with them to help them provide appropriate notice to you.

2.
Choice. We will offer you the opportunity to opt-out of your Personal Information (or to provide explicit consent for Sensitive Personal Information) being: (i) disclosed to a third party (other than a service provider as set forth below).
or (ii) used for a purpose materially different from the purpose for which it was originally collected (as set out in our Privacy Policy), or subsequently authorized by you, when the circumstances arise.
You also have the ability to opt out at any time from the use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
To exercise this right, please check your settings options.
If you have further questions related to the above, you can also contact us at privacyshield@coursera.org.
Where we process personal data on behalf of our business partners, we will work with them to ensure you are offered appropriate choices (and means to exercise those choices) for limiting use or disclosure of your personal data (where appropriate).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree that we may disclose Personal Information under the following circumstances without offering you an opportunity to opt out of such disclosure: (i) to our partner institutions and other service providers that we have retained to perform requested services on our behalf.
(ii) if we are required to do so by law or legal process.
(iii) pursuant to valid requests by law enforcement or other government authorities (which we are legally required to respond to).
and (iv) when we believe disclosure is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
In addition, we reserve the right to transfer Personal Information in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).
Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use the Personal Information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Shield Policy.

3.
Onward Transfers (Transfer to Third Parties). We will only transfer Personal Information to third parties where the third party: (i) has provided satisfactory assurances to us that it will protect the Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Shield Policy and the Principles.
(ii) is located in the EU or a country considered "adequate" for privacy by the EU Commission, and therefore is required to comply with the EU data protection laws or substantially equivalent privacy laws.
or (iii) has certified to Privacy Shield, and is independently responsible for complying with the Principles.
Where we have knowledge that a third party to whom we have provided Personal Information is processing that Personal Information in a manner contrary to this Privacy Shield Policy or the Principles, we will take reasonable steps to prevent or terminate processing by the third party until such time the third party can process Personal Information in compliance with this Privacy Shield Policy and the Principles.
Under certain circumstances, we may be potentially liable if these requirements are not met.

4.
Data Security. We will take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
We have implemented appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to help safeguard and secure Personal Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction.

5.
Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation. We will process Personal Information in a manner that is compatible with and relevant to the purpose for which it was collected or authorized by you.
To the extent necessary for those purposes, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Information is accurate, complete, current and reliable for its intended use.

6.
Access. Upon request, we will provide you with reasonable access to the Personal Information about you that we hold.
We will also take reasonable steps to correct, update, amend or delete any information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate, except where the burden or expense of doing so would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question or where the rights of third parties would be violated.
Where we process personal data on behalf of our business partners, we will work with them in complying with such requests in accordance with applicable law.

7.
Recourse.
Enforcement. We will regularly review our compliance with the statements set forth in this Privacy Shield Policy, and we will provide an independent way to resolve complaints about our privacy practices.
We encourage interested persons to first contact us (contact information provided below) and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Information in accordance with the Principles.
If your inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed by us, we have registered with the International Centre for Dispute Resolution ("ICDR"), a division of the American Arbitration Association, to provide independent third party dispute resolution (free of charge) to you.
To contact ICDR and/or learn more about the company’s dispute resolution services, including complaint submission, please visit: http://info.adr.org/safeharbor.
There may also be circumstances when disputes can be resolved through the Privacy Shield binding arbitration process.
Please see the Privacy Shield website for further information: https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=C-Pre-Arbitration-Requirements.

8.
Jurisdiction. As part of our participation in Privacy Shield, we are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies.Modifications.We may amend this Privacy Shield Policy from time-to-time in accordance with the requirements of the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework.
The most recent version of the Privacy Shield Policy will always be posted to this website.
Anytime that we do make such changes, we will also update the effective date listed at the bottom of the Privacy Shield Policy.
Please be sure to review the most recent version of the Privacy Shield Policy each time that you visit this website so that you are aware of how we collect, use and retain personal information.Contact Us.Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Privacy Shield Policy, transfer of your personal information from the EEA to the U.S., our privacy practices, or your consent choices by email at privacyshield@coursera.org.RevisionsBelow is a list of all the revisions made to our Privacy Policies, with links to view the difference between each revision.

2018-07-11: Updated for clarification on grounds for data processing.
2018-05-16: Added table of contents and summary.
Clarified sections on data processing bases and communications
2018-03-16: Updated for GDPR and removed outdated Swiss Safe Harbor Policy
2017-06-28: Updated Privacy Shield Policy
2016-09-29: New Privacy Shield Policy/Revised Safe Harbor Policy
2015-11-04: Update privacy policy to show updated email address for privacy related questions.
2014-01-02: Initial revision

 Terms of UseAcceptable Use PolicyCopyright and Trademark PolicyRefund PolicyHonor CodeRevisionsTerms of Use
Effective: July 11, 2018.
Thank you for using Coursera!Coursera's products and services are provided by Coursera, Inc.
These Terms of Use ("Terms") govern your use of Coursera's website, apps, and other products and services ("Services").
As some of our Services may be software that is downloaded to your computer, phone, tablet, or other device, you agree that we may automatically update this software, and that these Terms will apply to such updates.
Please read these Terms carefully, and contact us if you have any questions.
By using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms, including the policies referenced in these Terms.Using CourseraWho May Use our ServicesYou may use our Services only if you can form a binding contract with Coursera, and only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws.
When you create your Coursera account, and subsequently when you use certain features, you must provide us with accurate and complete information, and you agree to update your information to keep it accurate and complete. Any use or access by anyone under the age of 13 is prohibited, and certain courses may have additional requirements and/or restrictions.
Our License to YouSubject to these Terms and our policies (including the Acceptable Use Policy, Honor Code, and course-specific eligibility requirements and other terms), we grant you a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and revocable license to use our Services.
You may download content from our Services only for your personal, non-commercial use, unless you obtain Coursera's written permission to otherwise use the content.
You also agree that you will create, access, and/or use only one user account, and you will not share with any third party access to or access information for your account.
Using our Services does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Services or the content you access.Our CoursesCourse ModificationsWhile we take pride in our world-class courses, unexpected events do occur.
Coursera reserves the right to cancel, interrupt, or reschedule any course or to modify any course content or the point value or weight of any assignment, quiz, or other assessment.
Courses offered are subject to the Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability sections below.No Academic CreditUnless otherwise explicitly indicated by a credit-granting institution, participation in or completion of a course does not confer any academic credit.
Even if credit is awarded by one institution, there is no presumption that other institutions will accept that credit.
You agree not to accept credit for completing a course unless you have earned a Course Certificate (or other equivalent Coursera credential) for that course.
Coursera, the course instructors, and the associated participating institutions have no obligation to have a course recognized by any educational institution or accreditation organization.Disclaimer of Student-University RelationshipNothing in these Terms or otherwise with respect to your participation in any course: (a) establishes any relationship between you and any educational institution with which Coursera may be affiliated.
(b) enrolls or registers you in any educational institution, or in any course offered by any educational institution.
or (c) entitles you to use the resources of any educational institution beyond participation in the course.Your ContentUser ContentThe Services enable you to share your content, such as homework, quizzes, exams, projects, and other assignments you submit, posts you make in the forums, and the like ("User Content"), with Coursera, instructors, and/or other users.
You retain all intellectual property rights in, and are responsible for, the User Content you share.How Coursera and Others May Use User ContentTo the extent that you provide User Content, you grant Coursera a fully-transferable, royalty-free, perpetual, sublicensable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to copy, distribute, modify, create derivative works based on, publicly perform, publicly display, and otherwise use the User Content.
This license includes granting Coursera the right to authorize participating institutions to use User Content with their registered students and on-campus learners independent of the Services.
Nothing in these Terms shall restrict other legal rights Coursera may have to User Content, for example under other licenses.
We reserve the right to remove or modify User Content for any reason, including User Content that we believe violates these Terms.FeedbackWe welcome your suggestions, ideas, comments, and other feedback regarding the Services ("Feedback").
By submitting any Feedback, you grant us the right to use the Feedback without any restriction or any compensation to you.
By accepting your Feedback, Coursera does not waive any rights to use similar or related Feedback previously known to Coursera, developed by its employees or contractors, or obtained from other sources.SecurityWe care about the security of our users.
While we work to protect the security of your account and related information, Coursera cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security measures.
Please notify us immediately of any compromise or unauthorized use of your account by emailing security@coursera.org.Third Party ContentThrough the Services, you will have the ability to access and/or use content provided by instructors, other users, and/or other third parties and links to websites and services maintained by third parties.
Coursera cannot guarantee that such third party content, in the Services or elsewhere, will be free of material you may find objectionable or otherwise inappropriate or of malware or other contaminants that may harm your computer, mobile device, or any files therein.
Coursera disclaims any responsibility or liability related to your access or use of such third party content.Copyright and Trademark PolicyCoursera respects the intellectual property rights of our users, participating institutions, and other third parties and expects our users to do the same when using the Services.
We have adopted and implemented the Coursera Copyright and Trademark Policy in accordance with applicable law, including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.Education ResearchCoursera is committed to advancing the science of learning and teaching, and records of your participation in courses may be used for education research.
In the interest of this research, you may be exposed to variations in the course content.
Research findings will typically be reported at the aggregate level.
Your personal identity will not be publicly disclosed in any research findings without your express consent.Paid ServicesCoursera offers paid Services (e.g., Course Certificates for certain courses) for a fee.
Unless otherwise stated, all fees are quoted in U.S.
Dollars.
You are responsible for paying all fees and applicable taxes in a timely manner with a payment mechanism associated with the applicable paid Services.
If your payment method fails or your account is past due, we may collect fees using other collection mechanisms.
Fees may vary based on your location and other factors, and Coursera reserves the right to change any fees at any time at its sole discretion.
Any change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting through the relevant Services.
Refunds may be available for paid Services as described in our Refund Policy.Modifying and Terminating our ServicesWe are constantly changing and improving our Services.
We may add or remove functions, features, or requirements, and we may suspend or stop a Service altogether.
Accordingly, Coursera may terminate your use of any Service for any reason.
If your use of a paid Service is terminated, a refund may be available under our Refund Policy.
None of Coursera, its participating institutions and instructors, its contributors, sponsors, and other business partners, and their employees, contractors, and other agents (the "Coursera Parties") shall have any liability to you for any such action.
You can stop using our Services at any time, although we'll be sorry to see you go.DisclaimersTHE SERVICES AND ALL INCLUDED CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
THE COURSERA PARTIES SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
THE COURSERA PARTIES FURTHER DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY RELATED TO YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICES OR ANY RELATED CONTENT.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SERVICES OR SUCH CONTENT IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.Limitation of LiabilityTO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE COURSERA PARTIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM: (A) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES.
(B) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY PARTY OTHER THAN THE APPLICABLE COURSERA PARTY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT.
OR (C) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE, OR ALTERATION OF YOUR CONTENT OR INFORMATION.
IN NO EVENT SHALL COURSERA'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATED TO THE SERVICES EXCEED TWENTY U.S.
DOLLARS ($20) OR THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF FEES RECEIVED BY COURSERA FROM YOU FOR THE USE OF PAID SERVICES DURING THE PAST SIX MONTHS, WHICHEVER IS GREATER.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE DISCLAIMERS AND THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS TERMS OF USE REFLECT A REASONABLE AND FAIR ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN YOU AND THE COURSERA PARTIES, AND THAT THESE LIMITATIONS ARE AN ESSENTIAL BASIS TO COURSERA'S ABILITY TO MAKE THE SERVICES AVAILABLE TO YOU ON AN ECONOMICALLY FEASIBLE BASIS.
YOU AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION RELATED TO THE SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES.
OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Coursera Parties from any and all claims, liabilities, expenses, and damages, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, made by any third party related to: (a) your use or attempted use of the Services in violation of these Terms.
(b) your violation of any law or rights of any third party.
or (c) User Content, including without limitation any claim of infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property or other proprietary rights.Governing Law and JurisdictionThe Services are managed by Coursera, which is located in Santa Clara County, California.
You agree that any dispute related to these Terms will be governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts of law provisions.
You further consent to the personal jurisdiction of and exclusive venue in the federal and state courts located in and serving Santa Clara County, California as the legal forum for any such dispute.
Excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief, for claims related to the Services where the total amount sought is less than ten thousand U.S.
Dollars ($10,000.00 USD), either you or Coursera may elect at any point during the dispute to resolve the claim through binding, non-appearance-based arbitration.
The dispute will then be resolved using an established alternative dispute resolution ("ADR") provider, mutually agreed upon by you and Coursera.
The parties and the selected ADR provider shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses, unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties.
rather, the arbitration shall be conducted, at the option of the party seeking relief, online, by telephone, or via written submissions alone.
Any judgment rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.General TermsRevisions to the TermsWe reserve the right to revise the Terms at our sole discretion at any time.
Any revisions to the Terms will be effective immediately upon posting by us.
For any material changes to the Terms, we will take reasonable steps to notify you of such changes.
In all cases, your continued use of the Services after publication of such changes, with or without notification, constitutes binding acceptance of the revised Terms.Severability.
WaiverIf it turns out that a particular provision of these Terms is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms.
If you do not comply with these Terms, and we do not take immediate action, this does not indicate that we relinquish any rights that we may have (such as taking action in the future).Participating InstitutionsCoursera's participating institutions are third party beneficiaries of the Terms and may enforce those provisions of the Terms that relate to them.Notice for California UsersUnder California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California website users are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 N.
Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.Referenced Policies
Acceptable Use Policy
Copyright and Trademark Infringement Policy
Refund Policy
Honor Code
Acceptable Use Policy
Effective: April 3rd, 2015

Coursera's mission is to provide universal access to the world’s best education.
We believe strongly in preserving free speech and expression for our learners as well as academic freedom for our partner institutions and instructors.
We also want to make sure that all of our learners and instructors feel safe and comfortable while using our Services.
We have drafted these guidelines to ensure that people understand and follow the rules when participating in our online community and otherwise using our Services.
Although we do not routinely screen or monitor content provided by users, we may remove or edit inappropriate content or activity reported to us or suspend, disable, or terminate a user's access to all or part of the Services.You are prohibited from using our Services to share content that:
Contains illegal content or promotes illegal activities with the intent to commit such activities.
Please keep in mind that learners who are as young as 13 use Coursera, and we do not allow content that is inappropriate for these younger learners.
Contains credible threats or organizes acts of real-world violence.
We don’t allow content that creates a genuine risk of physical injury or property damage, credibly threatens people or public safety, or organizes or encourages harm.
Harrasses others.
We encourage commentary about people and matters of public interest, but abusive or otherwise inappropriate content directed at private individuals is not allowed.
Violates intellectual property, privacy, or other rights.
Do not share content that you do not have the right to share, claim content that you did not create as your own, or otherwise infringe or misappropriate someone else’s intellectual property or other rights.
Always attribute materials used or quoted by you to the original copyright owner.
Spams others.
Do not share irrelevant or inappropriate advertising, promotional, or solicitation content.
Otherwise violates the Coursera Terms of Use.
Please note that specific courses may have additional rules and requirements.
You also aren't allowed to:
Do anything that violates local, state, national or international law or breaches any of your contractual obligations or fiduciary duties.
Share your password, let anyone access your account, or do anything that might put your account at risk.
Attempt to access any other user's account.
Reproduce, transfer, sell, resell, or otherwise misuse any content from our Services, unless specifically authorized to do so.
Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of our systems, unless specifically authorized to do so.
Break or circumvent our authentication or security measures or otherwise test the vulnerability of our systems or networks, unless specifically authorized to do so.
Try to reverse engineer any portion of our Services.
Try to interfere with any user, host, or network, for example by sending a virus, overloading, spamming, or mail-bombing.
Use our Services to distribute malware.
Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity.
Encourage or help anyone do any of the things on this list.
Copyright and Trademark Policy
Effective as of April 3rd, 2015.

Coursera respects the intellectual property rights of our partner institutions, instructors, and other third parties and expects our users to do the same when using the Services.
We reserve the right to suspend, disable, or terminate the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe or are repeatedly charged with infringing the copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property rights of others.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S.
copyright law.
If you would like to read the DMCA, please visit the U.S.
Copyright Office website at http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf.
If you believe in good faith that materials on the Services infringe your copyright, the DCMA provides that you (or your agent) may send us a notice requesting that the material be removed or access to it blocked.
The notice must include the following information:

the physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed (or, if multiple copyrighted works located on the Services are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works);
identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or the subject of infringing activity, and information reasonably sufficient to allow Coursera to locate the material on the Services;
the name, address, telephone number, and email address (if available) of the complaining party;
a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and
a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA.
Notices and counter-notices with respect to the Services can either be sent:

via mail: Copyright Agent, Coursera 381 E.
Evelyn Ave Mountain View, CA 94041
via email: copyright@coursera.org

We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice.
Also, be aware that there can be penalties for false claims under the DMCA.
Coursera also respects the trademark rights of others.
Accounts with any other content that misleads others or violates another's trademark may be updated, suspended, disabled, or terminated by Coursera in its sole discretion.
If you are concerned that someone may be using your trademark in an infringing way on our Services, please email us at copyright@coursera.org, and we will review your complaint.
If we deem appropriate, we may remove the offending content, warn the individual who posted the content, and/or temporarily or permanently suspend or disable the individual’s account.Coursera Refund Policy
Effective as of May 15, 2018.


For details on our refund deadlines and policies, please refer to the information below.
note that our policies differ for subscription payments vs.
one-time course and Specialization purchases, and that payment options may vary from one Service to another.
Please also note that we treat violations of our Terms of Use and Honor Code very seriously, and we have no obligation to offer refunds to learners who are found to be in violation of these terms, even if their requests are made within the designated refund period.
Similarly, we have no obligation to offer late refunds to learners who do not pass a course or Specialization, or who are otherwise unsatisfied with their final grade.
For more information about our refund process, including instructions for requesting a refund, please visit our Learner Help Center.For Month-to-Month SubscriptionsCoursera does not offer refunds for payments made on a subscription plan.
To avoid being charged during a free trial promotion, you must cancel your subscription before your 7-day free trial ends.
If you complete a course during the free trial period, Coursera reserves the right to require you to pay for a one-month subscription in order to receive a Course and/or Specialization Certificate.
Your subscription will continue on a month-to-month basis unless and until you cancel your subscription or the subscription is suspended or discontinued by Coursera.
For subscriptions to individual Specializations, Coursera will automatically discontinue your subscription at the end of the monthly period during which you earn a Specialization Certificate for the Specialization, unless you have subscribed through a third party marketplace that restricts Coursera’s ability to do so -- e.g., in-app purchases through the Apple App Store.
Please visit the third party marketplace for information regarding their policies.
You must cancel your subscription before your monthly renewal date to avoid the next billing.
If you cancel your subscription, cancellation will be effective at the end of the current monthly period.
you will have continued access to your subscription for the remainder of that period, but you will not receive a refund.For 6-Month SubscriptionsCoursera does not offer refunds for 6-month subscription payments.
To avoid being charged during a free trial promotion, you must cancel your subscription before your 7-day free trial ends.
Your subscription will continue for 6 months and then automatically renew unless and until you cancel your subscription or the subscription is suspended or discontinued by Coursera.
If you cancel your subscription, you will continue to have access until the end of the 6-month period and will not be billed for the next billing cycle.For 12-Month SubscriptionsCoursera does not offer refunds for 12-month subscription payments.
To avoid being charged during a free trial promotion, you must cancel your subscription before your 7-day free trial ends.
Your subscription will continue for 12 months and then automatically renew unless and until you cancel your subscription or the subscription is suspended or discontinued by Coursera.
 If you cancel your subscription, you will continue to have access until the end of the 12-month period and will not be billed for the next billing cycle.For Course and Specialization PurchasesIf you cancel your paid enrollment for a course, Coursera will offer you a complete refund until 14 days after payment, or until you have earned your Course Certificate, whichever is earlier.
If you pre-enroll and pay for a course, Coursera will offer you a complete refund until 14 days after the course launches or until you have earned your Course Certificate, whichever is earlier.
For avoidance doubt, once you have earned a Course Certificate with your payment, you are not eligible for a refund even if it is within 14 days.
If you do not earn your Course Certificate within 180 days, your registration will expire and you will need to pay to re-enroll for the course.
However, if you’re taking a course through your company or organization (e.g.
Coursera for Business, Refugees or Government) then you can earn your certificate as long as your company's contract with Coursera is active and your access has not expired in accordance with the terms of that contract.
Similarly, refunds and cancellations will also be governed by the terms of that contract between your organization and Coursera.
If you cancel your one-time, paid enrollment for a Specialization, Coursera will offer you a complete refund until 14 days after payment, or until you earn a Course Certificate for any course in the Specialization, whichever is earlier.
If you pre-enroll and pay for the Specialization, Coursera will offer you a complete refund until 14 days after the first course in the Specialization launches or until you have earned your first Course Certificate for any course in the Specialization, whichever is earlier.
If you earned your first Course Certificate for any course in the Specialization within 14 days, you are not eligible for a refund.
Unless otherwise indicated as part of the sign-up process, you have one year after you purchase a Specialization to complete the Specialization.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, shorter refund periods may apply to specific courses and Specializations (e.g., for courses that are part of the UCI Professional Certificate in Applied Project Management, you will only be eligible for a full refund until seven days after your payment date).
In these cases, the shorter period will be stated as part of the sign-up process for the course or Specialization.For Other Paid ServicesExcept as described in this Refund Policy or as explicitly stated as part of the sign-up process for a Service, Coursera has no obligation to provide refunds or vouchers for any other Services.Third Party MarketplacesNotwithstanding the foregoing, if you purchase or subscribe for a course or Specialization, or purchase any other paid Service, through a third party marketplace (e.g., in-app purchases through the Apple App Store or purchases made through certain alternative payment services), the refund policy applicable to that third party marketplace will apply, unless otherwise explicitly stated by Coursera.
Except as otherwise explicitly stated by Coursera, the third party marketplace will be solely responsible for making refunds under its refund policy, and Coursera will have no refund obligations.
Coursera disclaims any responsibility or liability related to any third party marketplace's refund policy or the third party's compliance or noncompliance with such policy.Honor Code
Effective as of April 3, 2015

All students participating in the class must agree to abide by the following code of conduct:

I will register for only one account.
My answers to homework, quizzes, exams, projects, and other assignments will be my own work (except for assignments that explicitly permit collaboration).
I will not make solutions to homework, quizzes, exams, projects, and other assignments available to anyone else (except to the extent an assignment explicitly permits sharing solutions).
This includes both solutions written by me, as well as any solutions provided by the course staff or others.
I will not engage in any other activities that will dishonestly improve my results or dishonestly improve or hurt the results of others.
RevisionsBelow is a list of all the revisions made to the content of our Terms,
with links to view the difference between each revision.

2018-07-11: Updated Introduction and Reference Policies for clarification purposes.
2018-03-26: Updated refund policy to clarify course and specialization purchases.
Added links to Cookies Policy
2017-08-22: Updated refund policy to reflect new products and policies
2017-08-08: Updated refund policy to reflect new products and policies
2017-06-28: Updated refund policy to reflect new products and policies
2017-04-11: Updated refund policy to reflect new products and policies
2017-03-13: Updated refund policy to reflect new products and policies
2017-01-19: Updated refund policy to reflect new products and policies
2016-11-01: Updated refund policy to reflect new products, and remove references to old platform courses
2015-03-24: Updated refund policy to reflect new products and policies
2015-08-24: Updated refund policy and changed Verified certificate to Course certificate
2015-04-03: Updated Terms of Use for Specializations-on-demand, clarification and simplification
2014-09-12: Changed 'Terms of Service' to 'Terms of Use'
2014-01-02: Updated and moved privacy policy to a new page
2013-08-17: Added to rules of conduct and permission to use materials
2013-06-13: Added section on e-Readers
2013-06-05: Added section on Partner sites
2013-05-22: Revised Online Certifications section
2013-04-30: Reworded "universities" to "institutions"
2013-02-28: Changed effective dates
2013-01-14: Added sections on Fees/Taxes, Refund Policy, Identity Verification
2012-12-22: Removed section on Minnesota students
2012-09-20: Added to Online Certifications section
2012-09-10: Revision to User Materials Submission section
2012-08-30: Added section on Online Education Research
2012-08-28: Minor fixes and typos
2012-08-20: Added section on Minnesota students
2012-08-02: Added link to InCommons agreement

