 

Copyright and Your DeviantArt Submission

Here at DeviantArt we respect the rights of all artists and creative people worldwide and we expect our members to also demonstrate that respect and assist us in creating a beneficial and positive atmosphere for all DeviantArt visitors and members.
The bottom line is: Just about anything that is on this site, on the web, on TV, on CD's, on DVD's, in books &amp.
in magazines is probably copyrighted by someone.

Copyright can be a confusing territory for many people.
In many cases the natural confusion over the sometimes varied circumstances surrounding copyright will lead people to rely on rumor or myth more often than the actual law which naturally confuses the matter even more.
In this document we will attempt to eliminate some of the confusion and counter many of the myths surrounding copyright and to present clearly the DeviantArt policies and practices with regard to copyright.
The availability of this document should not be construed as rendering legal or other professional advice, and this document is not a substitute for the advice of an attorney.
If you require legal advice, you should seek the services of a qualified attorney.


How do I get Copyright?

Under most national laws and international copyright treaties you receive a copyright automatically in any original work as you make it.
Registration may be required to exercise some rights, like commencing a lawsuit.
Copyright does NOT protect ideas.
Copyright protects the expression of ideas or the ways in which an idea is materially placed or expressed in the work.


What is Copyright Infringement?

To simplify this question, copyright infringement occurs when you do certain things with a creative work which someone else produced without first getting the proper permission.
Some examples of copyright infringement (this is only a partial listing) can include:

Placing someone else's photograph or creative work online without proper permission.
Using a creative work commercially without permission.
Adapting someone else's creative work found in one medium to another medium, such as making a book into a movie or a photograph into a painting.
Modifying or editing a creative work without proper permission.



How Can I Avoid Infringing on Someone's Copyright?

The best way to avoid infringing on the rights of another creative person is to use your skill, talent and imagination to create your own completely original work.
When we use the word 'original' we don't mean that you must come up with an idea which hasn't been used before - recall that copyright does not protect ideas.
When used in reference to copyright "original" means that you created your work without referencing or deliberately copying anyone else's work during the process.

Ensure that all parts of your work, both visual and audio, are your own original creations.
If you have used materials which are owned by other people or companies make certain that you have obtained proper permission or licensing for the use before you place your work online.
You can also obtain permission to use a copyrighted work by license.
You can read more here and here.


What Sort of Things are Copyrighted?

The easy answer to this question is that just about any creative work that is less than 150 years old you might find should be considered copyrighted by default.

A work is not required to have a copyright statement printed on it or near it in order to be considered copyrighted so do not assume that the work is unprotected simply because you cannot see a notice written anywhere.
Also do not confuse the fact that a work is publicly available with the idea that it is in the public domain or free for use.
Being easy to find on the internet does not affect a work's copyrighted status.
There are many exceptions to the 150 year guideline, but you are best advised to obtain legal advice from an expert if you intend to rely on the possibility that a modern work is not copyrighted.


Some Cautions


In most cases it does not matter how much of the material you have used, whether it's a single frame, a few moments of audio, a short clip of video or any other sampling it's still considered to be protected by copyright and you still require the owner's permission for use.
It doesn't matter how you obtained the material, it's still considered copyrighted and you still need permission.
It doesn't matter whether or not you've credited the proper owner, it's still considered copyrighted and you still need permission.
It doesn't matter if you are not selling it or making a profit, it's still considered copyrighted and you still need permission.
It doesn't matter if you can find other people using things without permission, it's still considered copyrighted and you still need permission.
It doesn't matter if you've edited it a little bit or made a few alterations, if it's recognizable it's still considered copyrighted and you still need permission.
Read licenses carefully to understand the type of permission they provide.
For example, there are many versions of the Creative Commons - each giving different permissions.



What Happens When You Submit Infringing Works to DeviantArt?

Any copyright owner following the procedures in this Copyright Policy can require DeviantArt to remove his or her copyrighted content in use by a member of DeviantArt.
When through the proper notice we become aware that a submission to DeviantArt infringes upon the copyrights of another artist, creative person or company, we will immediately delete it.
This is a legal requirement which we fulfill immediately.
you will not receive an advanced warning and you will not be given an opportunity to 'fix it'.

If you believe that a submission on DeviantArt infringes on your copyright you may either report the submission using our internal reporting system or send us a copyright notice via mail or email.
A member of staff will review your notice and act accordingly.
If you believe that one of your submissions was removed in error you may contact our helpdesk or otherwise file a counter notice.
If you are found to repeatedly post infringing content, your account will be suspended and serious offenders will have their account banned and deactivated.
We consider three strikes as an indication of being a repeat infringer subject to ban.
If you are found deliberately misrepresenting the copyrighted work of another as your own your account will be immediately banned and deactivated.The copyright owner may also decide to sue you directly if you infringe his or her copyright in posting content to DeviantArt.



What about "Fair Use"

"Fair Use" is the notion that some public and private uses of copyrighted works should not require the permission of a copyright owner.
These circumstances are very limited, complex to analyze under the law and require the help of expert advice from a lawyer.
We recommend you talk to your own lawyer if you want to know more about fair use as it applies to the work you are doing.
If it turns out that it isn't fair use, you may be liable for very serious money damages.
To learn more about fair use you can go here, here, here, and here.


If you take my work down am I protected from a lawsuit?

No.
Even if DeviantArt takes an infringing work down, you may still be responsible for very significant damages if the copyright owner decides to sue you.


Notification of Copyright Infringement


Instructions for Copyright Owners

This section contains the formal requirements of the Copyright Act with respect to the rights of copyright owners whose content appears on DeviantArt without authorization and instruction to copyright owners.

To file a copyright infringement notification with DeviantArt (also commonly known as a "DMCA takedown notice"), the copyright owner or an authorized agent acting on his or her behalf will need to send a written communication that includes substantially the following:
 1.
A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
 2.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
 3.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.
In this regard please provide URLs when you identify the location of the material.

 4.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
 5.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
 6.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.



To file a DMCA takedown notice, you may use our form here.
This form requires a DeviantArt account, which is available at no charge by signing up.
Otherwise you may use the following method: 
Written notice should be sent by mail or by PDF attached to an email to DeviantArt's designated agent as follows: DMCA Complaints DeviantArt, Inc. attn.
Daniel Sowers Jr 7095 Hollywood Blvd #788
Hollywood, CA 90028 Fax: 323.645.6001 Email: violations@deviantart.com

Under Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.
Consult your legal counsel or see Section 512(c)(3) of 17 U.S.C.
to clarify or confirm the requirements of the notice.




Counter-Notification

If you want to send DeviantArt a counter notice, please review this information for instructions.
Under Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to liability.
Please consult the Terms of Service and DeviantArt's Etiquette Policy in which we explain that you may be removed from the site if you are a repeat infringer or if you violate DeviantArt's policies.

  Introduction
DeviantArt is an expansive, worldwide community of artists of every age, and every nationality who create works spanning every medium, every subject and every level of talent and skill.
As the guiding force of this large and vibrant community we have two primary and often conflicting goals in the service we provide for you, the members of the community.
the first being to ensure that members are free to express themselves within reason with as few restrictions as possible while nurturing an environment of creativity, learning, and talent and the second is to protect the members of the community, to the best of our abilities, from infringement of copyright, discrimination, harassment, and prejudice.
All members of the DeviantArt community are expected to be familiar with these rules of etiquette and they will be enforced evenly and without bias in every situation which is brought to the attention of the administration regardless of the membership status of the user in question.
 Guidelines for Deviants.
Quality and Placement
It is our policy to welcome artists of all levels from amateur to professional and to that end we do not attach any minimum standards of quality to deviations submitted by our membership.
all manner of artworks are welcome providing they meet with our etiquette and copyright policies.
While we do not impose quality standards we do ask that you practice self-moderation in what you choose to submit and that you submit your works into the most appropriate gallery.
While we encourage the submission of only your very best works we have provided an area for those submissions which may fall short of that 'top quality' mark.
this is your "Scrapbook" gallery and we highly encourage its use.
Our community volunteers may elect to move one or more of your deviations from the Gallery categories into a different, more appropriate, section or into the Scrapbook category.
we ask that you accept this decision gracefully and with a mature attitude.
If you desire a full explanation for this action, or if you feel the administrative action was performed in error, you should submit an inquiry to the official DeviantArt Helpdesk and include a link to the relevant deviation.
Please do not bring these issues into the Forums, userpages, or other areas of DeviantArt. Prohibited Commentary

Prohibited commentary is typically considered to be inherently disrespectful, aggressive, or otherwise abusive.


We must insist that you refrain from comments which are racist, bigoted, or which otherwise offensively target a philosophy or religion.
In addition we ask that our members avoid making offensive remarks based on gender or sexual preference and that you do not make any remark, comment or critique which is intended to be a direct insult to an individual, group, or genre of artwork.
Hate propaganda is met with zero tolerance.
Comments which are overly aggressive, personally insulting or needlessly abusive are also prohibited.
If you feel that you have been the target of harassment, personal insults or other severe behavior please notify the staff by using the official DeviantArt helpdesk.
Please be aware that the staff will only directly intervene in cases which are considered severe.
minor situations may be dealt with using tools made available to all registered members.
Discouraged Commentary

Discouraged commentary is typically considered to have the potential to escalate into an aggressive or abusive situation.

While not strictly prohibited we must insist that all personal arguments, disagreements, and other volatile "personal" issues within be confined to private communications such as Notes, emails, or Instant Messaging programs.
Likewise we discourage public accusations and other similar situations.
please bring all issues of this nature to the attention of the staff by notifying the official DeviantArt helpdesk. Exploitive Commentary

Exploitive commentary is typically considered to be disruptive due to unusual or unique factors.

Do not 'spam' (send large numbers of identical notes or comments).
Spamming is obnoxious and is typically used for self-promotion, or other unwanted advertising.
Do not 'flood' (place large numbers of comments rapidly on a single page or craft a single comment which consumes a large amount of page space) the forums, notes system, userpages or other areas of the site.
Flooding usually disrupts page loading times and serves no useful purpose.

Respect Your Fellow Artists
As a vibrant and growing art community DeviantArt welcomes all kinds of original artworks.
but we MUST insist that the artwork which you submit be your own original works.
Your deviations must be your own original creations and you may only use resources which are considered legitimate and legal.
Submissions which make use of works without proper permission or licensing by the original author will be removed as they come to the attention of the staff.
This policy applies to all Deviation submissions, Scrapbook entries, and the preview images used for written submissions.
If you have reason to believe that a DeviantArt submission violates this policy you should use the official Report Violation link which is available on every submission page.
Mature Content
When we discuss mature content we are specifically referring to deviations which contain images, subject matter, or other themes which some viewers may find offensive, distasteful, or otherwise undesirable to view or to read.
The most common 'undesired' viewing material may include, but is not limited to, images containing artistic nudity (see details below), large amounts of simulated blood and gore, or generally violent themes.
DeviantART strictly prohibits the submission of materials classified as pornographic or obscene.
There is no exception to this prohibition.
Certain content may be deemed obscene by the administration and as such the staff reserves the right to remove such content immediately upon discovery.
The administration reserves the sole right to review and classify questionable material as obscene or not obscene. Model release forms
The DeviantArt administrative staff reserves the right to demand a Model Release form be provided for any photography (nude or otherwise) located within either your Gallery or Scrapbook areas.
In the event that you receive such a request an appropriate link will be included in the notification you received.
Failure to properly respond to a Model Release form demand within seven (7) days will result in the automatic removal of the associated photograph.
For your own protection it is highly recommended that you have any model who poses for you sign a release form giving you the explicit permission to publish, share, distribute, and otherwise display the associated images.
It is highly recommended that you provide this form immediately after submitting your photograph, especially if your subject is depicted nude.
Details of this process may be found in the official DeviantArt FAQ.
Underage models
We cannot allow any nude works featuring individuals under the age of 18, nor may the works depict these individuals in a 'sexually driven' manner such as posing in lingerie or displaying a sexually suggestive or provocative pose.
This prohibition is for legal reasons.
the laws in the United States are the governing laws in regards to all submissions regardless of the deviant's country of origin.
Photographs which are suspected of depicting a minor in this manner will be temporarily suspended from public view and proper legal documentation (as outlined above) will be demanded while photographs which clearly depict a minor (including toddlers, preteens, and teenagers) in this manner will be removed without notice.
Submissions of a non- photographic nature which clearly depict a minor, fictional character or otherwise, either nude or in a sexually driven manner will be removed and deleted without notice as they come to the attention of the staff.
Forum Posting
In addition to the outlines in the above section entitled 
Prohibited Commentary
 and 
Exploitive Commentary
 we have a few additional policies regarding comments and posts within the Forum areas of DeviantArt;

All threads started within a specific forum and all comments within those threads should be relevant to the forums Title.
This means that, for example, all threads within the Movies forum must relate to a motion picture and the comments within those threads should also remain on the appropriate topic.
We encourage interactivity and we allow comments to be either positive or negative in nature providing that they remain constructive and promote a worthwhile dialogue.
We insist that forum threads adhere to the same standard set forth for deviation, scrapbook, and writing submissions in terms of what is considered acceptable subject matter (i.e.
no racist threads, no sexual discussions, etc).

It is important to remember to be as clear in your intent as possible while communicating on the internet.
Text communications do not afford a clear representation of sarcasm.
Please use common sense when posting to avoid confusion.
Threads which are misplaced, which contain inappropriate subject matter (such as sexual discussions), or which contain an undesirable number of insults or other violations of this etiquette policy will be locked and closed to further commentary. Avatars
This section applies only to avatars which you personally use for your account.
avatars submitted into a DeviantArt Gallery or to your Scrapbook must still conform to all official policies without exception but are not subjected to the restrictions below.
Avatars used to represent your account on site are granted more leniency than standard site submissions.
You may freely use material and resources with only the restrictions outlined as follows;

Your avatar should not contain nudity of any sort.

You may not use avatars specifically created by other users without their explicit permission.
If your avatar contains a portion of a work made by another artist it will be removed by staff at the request of the original artist.
In all other respects your avatar must conform to the guidelines set above in regards to hate propaganda.
Exploits, Vulnerabilities, and Site Abuse
The DeviantArt staff will not tolerate attempts to exploit or disrupt the layout, navigability, or general use of the site.
Such actions disrupt the ability of the community to access and review artwork and are considered Site Abuse.
We will issue no warnings for violations of this nature.
Violators will be banned immediately upon the discovery of the disruption or abuse.
deviantPOINTS may not be used to circumvent or interfere with the operations of DeviantArt and cannot be used as payment for automated services affecting a member's statistical or performance based metrics on DeviantArt. Groups All of the rules and guidelines of this Etiquette Policy apply to activities within a Group or in the management and administration of a Group.
All of the policies with respect to content and commentary apply within Groups and any member or watcher of a Group should feel comfortable reporting any activity to which they object on the basis of this Etiquette Policy or otherwise.
We are not responsible for the conduct of Group participants or administrators.
However, the Group applications permit us to take appropriate action should intervention become necessary as a result of a violation of the Terms of Service in general or of any other of our policies.
Keep in mind that Group administrators may determine their own rules and privileges for deviants who participate in the Group and as a general rule we will not become involved in any disputes between Group members, between Group administrators or between one or another Group unless there is a clear violation of our own policies, rules and terms.
We suggest you use good judgment and decency in all of your Group interactions as well as exercising the same cautions you would use in any Internet exchanges with individuals who you may not know.
Further helpful information about Groups can be found in this FAQ and elsewhere on DeviantArt. Changes in Etiquette Policy
As new situations come to our attention we may find it necessary to alter or expand upon the policies stated here with little or no notification and any such changes may be enforced in full against previously existing submissions or behavior.
Alterations of policy may be announced through either the DeviantArt Status Forum or through other Announcements and News Topics.
Appeals and Inquiries
Appeals, inquiries, or questions concerning deviation removals, violation notices, account suspensions, or other administrative actions should be addressed to the official DeviantArt Helpdesk where they will be forwarded to the appropriate department for review.
Please refrain from using the DeviantArt Forums, the DeviantArt Note system or personal email to staff members for these concerns.
You are unlikely to receive a proper response and will be redirected to use the official Helpdesk.
Petitions and other forms of public outcry are discouraged and will have no affect on Managerial Reviews of staff actions and may in fact be detrimental to the case in question.
  
Introduction

Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms") carefully.
They contain the legal terms and conditions that govern your use of services provided to you by DeviantArt, including information, text, images, graphics, data or other materials ("Content") and products and services provided through www.DeviantArt.com , shop.deviantart.com , Sta.sh and other DeviantArt mobile applications as well as all elements, software, programs and code forming or incorporated in to www.DeviantArt.com (the "Service").
This Service is operated by DeviantArt, Inc.
("DeviantArt").
DeviantArt is also referred to in these Terms as "we", "our", and "us".



By using our Service, you agree to be bound by Section I of these Terms ("General Terms"), which contains provisions applicable to all users of our Service, including visitors to the DeviantArt website (the "Site").
If you choose to register as a member of our Service or purchase products from the DeviantArt Shop, you will be asked to check a box indicating that you have read, and agree to be bound by, the additional terms set forth in Section II of these Terms ("Additional Terms").




Section I: General Terms







1.
Availability

This Service is provided by DeviantArt on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis and DeviantArt reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue the Service, in its sole discretion, at any time and without notice.
You agree that DeviantArt is and will not be liable to you for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.





2.
Privacy

DeviantArt has a firm commitment to safeguarding your privacy.
Please review DeviantArt's Privacy Policy.
The terms of DeviantArt's privacy policy are incorporated into, and form a part of, these Terms.




3.
Trademarks

All brand, product and service names used in this Service which identify DeviantArt or third parties and their products and services are proprietary marks of DeviantArt and/or the relevant third parties.
Nothing in this Service shall be deemed to confer on any person any license or right on the part of DeviantArt or any third party with respect to any such image, logo or name.




4.
Copyright

DeviantArt is, unless otherwise stated, the owner of all copyright and data rights in the Service and its contents.
Individuals who have posted works to DeviantArt are either the copyright owners of the component parts of that work or are posting the work under license from a copyright owner or his or her agent or otherwise as permitted by law.
You may not reproduce, distribute, publicly display or perform, or prepare derivative works based on any of the Content including any such works without the express, written consent of DeviantArt or the appropriate owner of copyright in such works.
DeviantArt does not claim ownership rights in your works or other materials posted by you to DeviantArt (Your Content).
You agree not to distribute any part of the Service other than Your Content in any medium other than as permitted in these Terms of Service or by use of functions on the Service provided by us.
You agree not to alter or modify any part of the Service unless expressly permitted to do so by us or by use of functions on the Service provided by us.





5.
Reporting Copyright Violations

DeviantArt respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects users of the Service to do the same.
At DeviantArt's discretion and in appropriate circumstances, DeviantArt may remove Your Content submitted to the Site, terminate the accounts of users or prevent access to the Site by users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
If you believe the copyright in your work or in the work for which you act as an agent has been infringed through this Service, please contact DeviantArt's agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement, Daniel Sowers who can be reached through violations@deviantart.com.
You must provide our agent with substantially the following information, which DeviantArt may then forward to the alleged infringer (see 17 U.S.C.
512 (c)(3) for further details):

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.

Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.

Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.

A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please see DeviantArt's Copyright Policy for further information and details.




6.
External Links

DeviantArt may provide links to third-party websites or resources.
You acknowledge and agree that DeviantArt is not responsible or liable for: the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources.
or the Content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources.
Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by DeviantArt of such websites or resources or the Content, products, or services available from such websites or resources.
You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources.




7.
Third Party Software 

As a convenience, we may make third-party software available through the Service.
To use the third-party software, you must agree to the terms and conditions imposed by the third party provider and the agreement to use such software will be solely between you and the third party provider.
By downloading third party software, you acknowledge and agree that the software is provided on an "AS IS" basis without warranty of any kind.
In no event shall DeviantArt be liable for claims or damages of any nature, whether direct or indirect, arising from or related to any third-party software downloaded through the Service.




8.
Conduct

You agree that you shall not interfere with or disrupt (or attempt to interfere with or disrupt) this Service or servers or networks connected to this Service, or to disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to this Service.
or provide any information to DeviantArt that is false or misleading, that attempts to hide your identity or that you do not have the right to disclose.
DeviantArt does not endorse any content placed on the Service by third parties or any opinions or advice contained in such content.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless DeviantArt, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and expert fees, arising out of or in any way connected with your access to or use of the Services, or your violation of these Terms.




9.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability

DEVIANTART MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICE, OR THE CONTENT OR PRODUCTS, PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
DEVIANTART DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
DEVIANTART MAKES NO WARRANTY AS TO THE SECURITY, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND PERFORMANCE OF THIS SERVICE.
YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT DEVIANTART IS NOT LIABLE FOR YOUR DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT, OR SUCH CONDUCT BY THIRD PARTIES, AND YOU EXPRESSLY ASSUME ALL RISKS AND RESPONSIBILITY FOR DAMAGES AND LOSSES ARISING FROM SUCH CONDUCT.
EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS, LIMITED REMEDIES PROVIDED HEREIN, AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, DEVIANTART SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM USE OF THE SERVICE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF DEVIANTART HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS, WAIVERS AND LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF OR LIMITATIONS ON CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR DAMAGES.
THEREFORE, SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN NO EVENT SHALL DEVIANTART'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO DEVIANTART PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT.




10.
Amendment of the Terms

We reserve the right to amend these Terms from time to time in our sole discretion.
If you have registered as a member, we shall notify you of any material changes to these Terms (and the effective date of such changes) by sending an email to the address you have provided to DeviantArt for your account.
For all other users, we will post the revised terms on the Site.
If you continue to use the Service after the effective date of the revised Terms, you will be deemed to have accepted those changes.
If you do not agree to the revised Terms, your sole remedy shall be to discontinue using the Service.




11.
General

These Terms constitute the entire agreement between DeviantArt and you with respect to your use of the Service.
DeviantArt's failure to enforce any right or provision in these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If a court should find that one or more provisions contained in these Terms is invalid, you agree that the remainder of the Terms shall be enforceable.
DeviantArt shall have the right to assign its rights and/or delegate its obligations under these Terms, in whole or in part, to any person or business entity.
You may not assign your rights or delegate your obligations under these Terms without the prior written consent of DeviantArt.
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.
Any disputes arising under or in connection with these Terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of the State of California.




12.
Comments

If you have any comments or questions about the Service please contact us by email at help@deviantart.com.




Section II: Additional Terms







13.
Registration

To register as a member of the Service or purchase products, you must be 13 years or lawfully permitted to enter into and form contracts under applicable law.
In no event may minors submit Content to the Service.
You agree that the information that you provide to us upon registration, at the time of purchase, and at all other times will be true, accurate, current and complete.
You also agree that you will ensure that this information is kept accurate and up to date at all times.
This is especially important with respect to your email address, since that is the primary way in which we will communicate with you about your account and your orders.




14.
Password

When you register as a member you will be asked to provide a password.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password and you agree not to disclose your password to any third party.
You agree that you shall be solely responsible for any activities or actions under your password, whether or not you have authorized such activities or actions.
You shall immediately notify DeviantArt of any unauthorized use of your password.




15.
Submitting Content


Chat Rooms and Forums - As a registered member of the Service, you will be granted the privilege of participating in chat rooms and forums on the DeviantArt website as part of the Service, which means you may post Your Content in the form of text for display in these areas of the DeviantArt website, subject to your compliance with the Terms.




Artist Materials - As a registered member of the Service, you will also be granted the privilege of submitting certain types of Your Content, known as "Artist Materials," for display on your user page.
Prior to submitting Artist Materials, you must accept the additional terms and conditions of the Submission Policy, which is incorporated into, and forms a part of, the Terms.




16.
Copyright in Your Content

DeviantArt does not claim ownership rights in Your Content.
For the sole purpose of enabling us to make your Content available through the Service, you grant to DeviantArt a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to reproduce, distribute, re-format, store, prepare derivative works based on, and publicly display and perform Your Content.
Please note that when you upload Content, third parties will be able to copy, distribute and display your Content using readily available tools on their computers for this purpose although other than by linking to your Content on DeviantArt any use by a third party of your Content could violate paragraph 4 of these Terms and Conditions unless the third party receives permission from you by license.





17.
Monitoring Content

DeviantArt has no ability to control the Content you may upload, post or otherwise transmit using the Service and does not have any obligation to monitor such Content for any purpose.
You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for all Content and material you upload, post or otherwise transmit using the Service.




18.
Storage Policy

At this time, DeviantArt provides free online storage of Your Content to registered members of the Service.
However, you acknowledge and agree that DeviantArt may, at its option, establish limits concerning your use of the Service, including without limitation the maximum number of days that Your Content will be retained by the Service, the maximum size of any Content files that may be stored on the Service, the maximum disk space that will be allotted to you for the storage of Content on DeviantArt's servers.
Furthermore, you acknowledge that DeviantArt reserves the right to terminate or suspend accounts that are inactive, in DeviantArt's sole discretion, for an extended period of time (thus deleting or suspending access to your Content).
Without limiting the generality of Section 9, DeviantArt shall have no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any Content maintained on the Service and you are solely responsible for creating back-ups of Your Content.
You further acknowledge that DeviantArt reserves the right to modify its storage policies from time to time, with or without notice to you.




19.
Conduct

You agree to be subject to and to conduct yourself in accordance with the DeviantArt Etiquette Policy.You are responsible for all of Your Content you upload, download, and otherwise copy, distribute and display using the Service.
You must have the legal right to copy, distribute and display all parts of any content that you upload, download and otherwise copy, distribute and display.
Content provided to you by others, or made available through websites, magazines, books and other sources, are protected by copyright and should not be uploaded, downloaded, or otherwise copied, distributed or displayed without the consent of the copyright owner or as otherwise permitted by law.
Please refer to DeviantArt's Copyright Policy for further details.



You agree not to use the Service:

for any unlawful purposes;
to upload, post, or otherwise transmit any material that is obscene, offensive, blasphemous, pornographic, unlawful, threatening, menacing, abusive, harmful, an invasion of privacy or publicity rights, defamatory, libelous, vulgar, illegal or otherwise objectionable;
to upload, post, or otherwise transmit any material that infringes any copyright, trade mark, patent or other intellectual property right or any moral right or artist's right of any third party including, but not limited to, DeviantArt or to facilitate the unlawful distribution of copyrighted content or illegal content;
to harm minors in any way, including, but not limited to, uploading, posting, or otherwise transmitting content that violates child pornography laws, child sexual exploitation laws or laws prohibiting the depiction of minors engaged in sexual conduct, or submitting any personally identifiable information about any child under the age of 13;
to forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service;
to upload, post, or otherwise transmit any material which is likely to cause harm to DeviantArt or anyone else's computer systems, including but not limited to that which contains any virus, code, worm, data or other files or programs designed to damage or allow unauthorized access to the Service which may cause any defect, error, malfunction or corruption to the Service;
for any commercial purpose, except as expressly permitted under these Terms;
to sell access to the Service on any other website or to use the Service on another website for the primary purpose of gaining advertising or subscription revenue other than a personal blog or social network where the primary purpose is to display content from DeviantArt by hyperlink and not to compete with DeviantArt.





19A.
Commercial Activities

Commercial activities mean the offering, solicitation or sale of goods or services by anyone other than DeviantArt.
Commercial activities with respect to the arts are permitted for registered members acting as individuals, for small corporations or partnerships engaged primarily in art-related activities in which one or more of the principals is a registered member or for those seeking to retain the services or works of a registered member.
Commercial activities in the form of paid advertising on the Service are subject to the terms and conditions relating to the purchase of such advertising.
No other commercial activities are permitted on or through the Service without DeviantArt's written approval.
Any interactions with members of the Service with respect to commercial activities including payment for and delivery of goods and/or services and any terms related to the commercial activities including conditions, warranties or representations and so forth are solely between you and the other member.
Paragraph 9, above, of these Terms of Service specifically applies with respect to commercial activities.





19B.
Groups

As a registered member of the Service, you will also be able to participate as an administrator or member of a "Group" which is a set of user pages and applications formed for the purpose of collecting content, discussions and organizing members of the site with common interests.
Further information about Groups can be found in our Etiquette Policy.


You agree to participate in a Group on the basis of its own rules consistent with these Terms of Service, the conduct set out in paragraph 19, above, and such other rules created by us for Groups from time to time including with respect to the use of Groups for commercial activities.
As an administrator or participant in a Group you acquire no ownership rights over the Group, the Group applications provided by us or over the right to conduct the activities of the Group.
Any Content or Artists Materials submitted to a Group remain, as between the Group and the user submitting such content, the property of the person who submitted the content.
Groups are managed by registered members of the Service and not by us.
We are not responsible for the conduct of Group participants or administrators and will not interfere with the management or society of any specific Group or the rules it establishes for itself as long as they are consistent with these Terms of Service and our policies.
Groups may not be used to collect personal data about participants in Groups without the participant's express permission.
The Group application permits us to take appropriate action should intervention become necessary as a result of a violation of the Terms of Service or of any other of our policies.
We can remove a Group and the Group's privileges at any time at our discretion.
The use in a Group name of trademarks or distinctive trade names of properties, goods or services is subject to objections from the owner of the marks and names.
DeviantArt will respond to such objections by requiring an appropriate change in the name of the Group.
The use of trademarks and trade names in Group names otherwise must be descriptive of Group activity or purpose.
To avoid confusion and animosity, Groups wishing to name themselves after trademarked properties must include a further description in its name of the type of Group it expects to be such as "Master Photoshop Tutorials" instead of simply "Photoshop."


20.
Suspension and Termination of Access and Membership

You agree that DeviantArt may at any time, and without notice, suspend or terminate any part of the Service, or refuse to fulfill any order, or any part of any order or terminate your membership and delete any Content stored on the DeviantArt Site, in DeviantArt's sole discretion, if you fail to comply with the Terms or applicable law.




21.
Product Purchases from the DeviantArt Shop

From time to time, DeviantArt may make certain products available for purchase through the DeviantArt Shop.
For example, you may have the opportunity to purchase "Artwork" that a registered member has listed for sale through the Print Program.



All payments are to be made in US dollars and prices are subject to change at any time.
Postage and applicable sales taxes will be added to your order during the checkout process.
Prices do not include any import duties that may be added by the order destination country.
Delivery dates are provided as an estimate only.



In general, DeviantArt accepts returns on defective products or incorrect orders within thirty (30) days after receipt of your order.
Please contact DeviantArt at https://help.deviantart.com/contact/ and we will let you know whether you need to return the product(s) to us.
If you do need to make a return, simply send the product(s) within thirty (30) days of receipt in the original packaging along with a copy of your invoice or order acknowledgement.
Original shipping charges are not refunded on returned items.
Customers are responsible for all shipping charges back to DeviantArt on returned items, and DeviantArt will pay the shipping charges on replacement product(s).
Returns can be for replacement, refund or credit at DeviantArt's discretion.
If your return merchandise is accepted, we will post a credit to your account within 24 hours from the time that we receive the product(s).
Each return is credited in the same manner as payment.
For example, if you paid for your order with a credit card, the credit will be applied to that card.



EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION 21, ANY PRODUCT PURCHASED THROUGH THE DEVIANTART SHOP IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS.
DEVIANTART'S SOLE OBLIGATION, AND YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, WITH RESPECT TO ANY DEFECTIVE PRODUCT PURCHASED THROUGH THE DEVIANTART SHOP SHALL BE FOR DEVIANTART TO PROVIDE A REPLACEMENT, REFUND OR CREDIT, AS SPECIFIED IN THE PRECEEDING PARAGRAPH.




22.
Print Program

As a registered member of the Service, you will also be granted the privilege of listing certain types of Artist Materials, known as "Artwork," for sale through the DeviantArt Shop.
Visit https://www.deviantart.com/sell/ for additional details on the Print Program.
Prior to submitting Artwork for sale, you must accept the additional terms and conditions of the Print Program Agreement, which is incorporated into, and forms a part of, the Terms.




23.
deviantDOLLARS

deviantDOLLARS are credits issued via contest winnings or made available as an option through print sales via the Print Program that can be used to purchase products through the DeviantArt Shop or pay for subscriptions.
deviantDOLLARS are not legal currency and are not legal tender.
To check your balance, simply go into your Messages, once there click on the Community Messages tab and on the right hand column click View My deviantDOLLARS and this will show you your current balance.
deviantDOLLARS are nontransferable and deviantDOLLARS accrued in multiple accounts may not be combined.
Your deviantDOLLARS credits cannot be redeemed for cash and cannot be used towards sales tax, gift certificates or past purchases.
deviantDOLLARS are void where prohibited by law.
  Revision date: May 25, 2018
DeviantArt respects your privacy and is fully committed to protect your personal information and use it properly and in compliance with data privacy laws.
This Privacy Policy applies to our web sites, including www.deviantart.com, www.shop.deviantart.com, sta.sh, and our DeviantArt mobile applications (collectively, the “DeviantArt Sites” or “Sites”).
This Privacy Policy explains what information we (together with our affiliated companies worldwide) collect and use pertaining to each of our Account holders and non-Account holders (such as Site visitors) through the Sites, how we use that information, and what choices you have with respect to the information we collect about you.
The Sites and our services available via the Sites are collectively called the “Services.”
Please take a few moments to read this Privacy Policy 
before

 you access or use the Services.
By using or accessing the DeviantArt Sites, you acknowledge that you have read and fully understood this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service and they both apply to your use of the Services.
If you do not read and fully understand this Privacy Policy, please leave the Sites and avoid or discontinue all use of the Services.
This Privacy Policy is not intended to override the terms of any contract you have with us, nor any rights you might have under applicable data privacy laws.
Where you have read this policy but would like further clarification, please contact us at help@deviantart.com.
What we collect and how we use the information we collect?
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide, operate and improve our Services, to administer your use of the Services (including your Account (as defined below) if you are an Account holder), and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our Services.
Additionally, we collect your information, among other reasons stated below, to provide you with ongoing customer assistance and technical support, and to enhance our data security and fraud prevention capabilities.

Personally Identifiable Information.
If you create a DeviantArt account via the DeviantArt Sites (an “Account”), we collect certain information that can be used to identify you or may be of private or sensitive nature, such as your name, age/birthdate, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, details regarding connected third-party accounts (such as the e-mail or username for a connected PayPal, Google or Facebook account), credit card information (if you use certain of our features and services), bank account details, social security number, or other information that can be used to contact you or identify you as an individual, including scanned identification documents provided to us (such as an ID card, driver’s license, passport or official company registration documents), correspondences (including those made through or uploaded to our Services), and any other personal information provided to us by visitors and/or Users through their access to and/or use of the Services.
(collectively, “PII”).
If you create your Account using your login credentials from a third party site or service, we'll be able to access and collect your name and email address and other PII that your privacy settings on that third party site or service permits us to access but we don't receive or store passwords for those third party sites and services.
We cannot delete or change any PII that is stored on third party sites and services.
We collect and use your PII when you register for special services (e.g., the Print Program, Premium Content), sign up for e-mail newsletters and purchase products or services.
We use your PII to help customize advertising and content available on the DeviantArt Sites, to send you service-related notices and promotional information about products and services that may be of interest to you and/or to conduct research for internal purposes.
Some features, services, and promotional opportunities that we offer may also ask you to submit PII to participate.
If you have uploaded Artist Materials (as defined in and pursuant to the Submission Policy, which can be found here - https://about.deviantart.com/policy/submission/), you have also authorized DeviantArt to use some of your publicly visible PII for distribution, advertising and promotional purposes.

Un-identified and Non- Identified Information.
Our servers automatically collect and record certain information about how a person uses our Services (we refer to this information as “Log Data”), for both Account holders and non-Account holders (such as Site visitors) (either will be referred to as a “User”).
Log Data may include information such as a User's Internet Protocol (IP) address, mobile device identifier, browser type, operating system, the pages or features of our Services to which a User browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, search terms, the links on our Services on which a User clicked, the friends of Account holders who also use the Services, purchases made by the User, how often Users click on our advertisements, which files are downloaded most frequently, and which areas of our Site are the most popular and other statistics.
We also collect certain information that your mobile device sends when you use our Services, including user settings, the operating system, as well as information about your use of our Services.
We use this information to administer the Services and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) this information to further develop, improve and enhance the Services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to our Users' needs and preferences, and to make recommendations.
We may use a person's IP address to fight spam, malware and identity theft.
We also use the IP address to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our Services are used.
For the avoidance of doubt, any Log Data that is connected or linked to PII (for example, in order to improve the Services we offer) is deemed and treated by us as PII, as long as such connection or linkage exists.
Like many Internet sites, we, together with our marketing, analytics and technology partners, also use “cookies” to collect information.
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer and is stored on your hard drive when you access our Services.
When you visit our Services the cookie identifies your computer to us so that you do not have to re-register each time you visit.
This technology is used in order to maintain, provide and improve our Services on an ongoing basis, and in order to provide our visitors and users with a better experience.
We also use cookies to identify that you've logged in to the Services, to tell us how and when you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our Services, to return you to a persistent location of your choosing, and to customize and improve our Services and to measure the traffic to our Sites and the use of different features of the Services.
Although most browsers automatically accept cookies, you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting cookies.
Please note, however, that if you don't accept cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Services.
Third party advertisers that appear on the Sites may place cookies on your computer (or similar technologies such as clear gifs, web beacons, or web bugs) and their use of the information stored on those cookies is subject to their own privacy policies.
You should visit their websites to learn about their privacy practices.
Note that this Privacy Policy only covers our use of cookies and does not include the use of cookies by such third parties.
Advertisers or other companies do not have access to DeviantArt's cookies.

Location Information.
If you enable this feature on the Services, we will collect information about your location and/or use various technologies to determine your locations, such as by converting your IP address into a rough geolocation, or sensor data from your mobile device that provides information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.
For Users of our mobile applications, you can enable or disable location services when you use our Service through your mobile device settings.

Your Address Book.
We may ask our mobile applications users for access to the address books on their mobile devices, so that we may connect Account holders, however we will not access your address book without your permission to do so.
How do we collect such Information?
There are two main methods we use:

We collect information through your use of the Services.
In other words, when you are visiting or using our Services, including when you browse the Site or a User Account, edit your Account and upload information and content, and/or download and use any Site feature or services, we are aware of it and will usually gather, collect and record such uses, sessions and related information, either independently or with the help of third-party services as detailed herein, including through the use of “cookies” and other tracking technologies, as further detailed above.
We collect information which you provide us voluntarily.
For example, we collect the PII you provide us when you register to our Services.
when you sign-in to our Services via third party services.
when you place purchases.
when you submit or upload such PII as you use any of our Services (e.g.
Artist Materials).
and/or when you contact us directly by any communication channel.

We also collect information from third party sources as described above.
How we share information?
We will only use and share your PII for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy where you give us your permission and/or we are satisfied that:

our use of your PII is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you (e.g.
to provide you with Services, to provide you with our customer assistance and technical support), or
our use of your PII is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have, or
our use of your PII is necessary to support legitimate interests that we have as a business (for example, to maintain and improve our Services by identifying user trends and the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and identifying technical issues), provided it is conducted at all times in a way that is proportionate, and that respects your privacy rights.


Information Shared with Our Service Providers.
We may share PII as well as aggregated information and non-identifying information that we collect with third party service providers whose services and solutions complement, facilitate and enhance our own.
These include hosting and server co-location services, communications and content delivery networks (CDNs), data and cyber security services, billing and payment processing services, fraud detection and prevention services, industry analysis, demographic profiling, web analytics, e-mail distribution and monitoring services, session recording and remote access services, performance measurement, data optimisation and marketing services, content providers, and our legal and financial advisors (collectively, “Third Party Services”).
Such Third Party Services may receive or otherwise have access to our visitors’ and Users’ PII, in its entirety or in part – depending on each of their particular roles and purposes in facilitating and enhancing our Services and business, and may only use it for such purposes.

Information Shared with Advertisers.
We may share aggregated information and non-identifying information that we collect with third party advertisers including in order to facilitate, sponsor, and offer certain contests, events and promotions, determine participants’ eligibility, monitor performance, contact winners and grant prizes and benefits.
We also may share hashed or otherwise obfuscated identifiers based on your PII with trusted partners who in turn may provide these identifiers to third party advertisers, advertising networks, advertising exchanges and analytics services to help us serve ads that are more targeted to your interests and to help us better understand the interests of users of our Sites.

Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others.
Where permitted by local data protection laws, we will disclose PII when required by law or under the good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to conform to applicable law, comply with subpoenas, court orders or legal process served on DeviantArt, to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, and to protect the property or interests of DeviantArt, its agents and employees, personal safety, or the public.
Under these circumstances, DeviantArt may be prohibited by law, court order or other legal process from providing notice of the disclosure, and DeviantArt reserves the right under those conditions to not provide notice in its sole discretion.

Parent Companies, Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies.
We may share PII internally within our family of companies, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
For example, we may share your PII with Wix.com Inc., our US-based parent company, or Wix.com Ltd., our Israel based parent company, in the course of facilitating and providing you with our Services.
In addition, should we, Wix or any of its affiliates undergo any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of substantially all of its assets, your PII may be shared with the parties involved in such event.
If we have a good faith belief that such change in control might materially affect your PII then stored with us, we will notify you via a prominent notice on our Site of this event and certain choices you may have regarding your PII.

APIs.
We offer APIs for use by third parties to access various features of our Services and content on our Sites.
Some APIs will be used by third parties to access and use your PII with the third parties' services however, your PII will not be accessed and used by a third party API user without your consent.
We also offer APIs to some of our third party service providers to assist with provision of services to us, such as, but not limited to, credit card processing and shipping fulfillment services, and those third party API users will access and use your PII only in order to provide services to us for you, as noted above under “Information Shared with Our Service Providers”.

Information We Disclose with Your Consent or at Your Request.
We will share your PII with third-party websites or platforms, such as social networking sites, if you have expressly requested that we do so.

Social Media Features and Framed Pages: Our Services include certain Social Media features and widgets, such as the “Facebook Like” button, the “Share this” button or other interactive mini-programs (“Social Media Features”).
These Social Media Features may collect information such as your IP address or which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable them to function properly.
Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Services.
Your interactions with these third parties’ Social Media Features are governed by their policies and not ours.

For the avoidance of doubt, we may share your PII in manners other than as described above, pursuant to your explicit approval, or if we are legally obligated to do so.



Moreover, we may transfer, share, disclose or otherwise use Non-personal Information in our sole discretion and without the need for further approval.

Where do we store your information?
PII of Account holders and non-Account holders (such as visitors to the Site) may be maintained, processed and stored by us and our authorized affiliates and service providers in the United States of America, in Europe (including in Ukraine), in Israel, and in other jurisdictions as necessary for the proper delivery of our Services and/or as may be required by law (as further explained below).
Jobs Applicants Information will be maintained, processed and stored in the United States and Israel, in the applied position’s location(s), and as necessary, in secured cloud storage provided by our Third Party Services, as detailed below.
Our parent company, Wix.com Ltd.
is based in Israel, which is considered by the European Commission to be offering an adequate level of protection for the Personal Information of EU Member State residents.
Our affiliates and service providers that store or process your PI on our behalf are each contractually committed to keep it protected and secured, in accordance with industry standards and regardless of any lesser legal requirements which may apply in their jurisdiction.
EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield &amp.
Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Disclosure
DeviantArt participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework.
We are committed to subjecting all PII received from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S.
Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List, https://www.privacyshield.gov.
DeviantArt is responsible for the processing of PII it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequent transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.
We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of PII from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to PII received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website https://www.privacyshield.gov, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Upon request we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your PII.
You may access, correct, or request deletion of your PII by contacting us at help@deviantart.com.
We will respond to your request within a timeframe imposed by local laws or a reasonable timeframe.

Data Localisation Obligations: If you reside in a jurisdiction that imposes “data localisation” or “data residency” obligations (i.e., requiring that PII of its residents be kept within the territorial boundaries of such jurisdiction), and we become aware of that, we may maintain your PII within such territorial boundaries, if we are legally obligated to do so.
You acknowledge that while doing so, we may continue to collect, store and use your PII elsewhere, including in the United States of America as explained above.

Data Retention. We may retain your PII for as long as your Account is active, as indicated in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise needed to provide you with our Services.
We may continue to retain such PII even after you deactivate your Account and/or cease to use any particular Services, as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes regarding our Users, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our agreements and/or protect our legitimate interests.
Where your PII is no longer required we will ensure it is securely deleted.
Job Applicant Information
We also collect information that is provided to us by jobs candidates (“Applicants”), when they apply to any of the open positions published at https://www.wix.com/jobs or http://deviantart.theresumator.com, by e-mail or otherwise.
We understand that privacy and discreetness are crucial to our Applicants, and are committed to keep Applicants Information private and use it solely for our internal recruitment purposes (including for identifying Applicants, evaluating their applications, making hiring and employment decisions, and contacting Applicants by phone or in writing).
Please note that we (and/or our parent company Wix.com Ltd.) may retain Applicants Information submitted to it for no longer than two years after the applied position has been filled or closed.
This is done so we could re-consider Applicants for other positions and opportunities at DeviantArt.
so we could use their Applicants Information as reference for future applications submitted by them.
and in case the Applicant is hired, for additional employment and business purposes related to his/her work at DeviantArt.
If you previously submitted your Applicants Information to DeviantArt, and now wish to access it, update it or have it deleted from our systems, please contact us at help@deviantart.com.
Your rights in relation to your Personal Information
It is imperative that you will have control over your PII.
That is the reason why we are taking reasonable steps in order to enable you to access, receive a copy of, update, amend, delete, or limit the use of your PII.
We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the Personal Information requested to you.
We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection (but we still recommend you to contact us first).

For all DeviantArt Users, if you wish to receive a copy, access and/or request us to make corrections to the PII that you have stored with us, or wish to request a list of what PI (if any) pertaining to you we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes, feel free to send us an e-mail to help@deviantart.com, or mail your request to DeviantArt 7095 Holywood Blvd.
Los Angeles, CA, USA 90028.
We will make all reasonable efforts to honor your request promptly (unless we require further information from you in order to fulfil your request) subject to legal and other permissible considerations.
Note that when deleting your PII, you actually delete all your data, and will not be able to use our Service anymore.
Please note that permanently deleting your Account erases all of your information from our databases.
After completing this process, you can no longer use any of your Services, your Account and all its data will be removed permanently, and we will not be able to restore your account or retrieve your data in the future.
If you contact DeviantArt Support in the future, the system will not recognize your Account and support agents will not be able to locate the deleted account.
Your Profile Page
Please note that when you create an Account, your profile page will display your Account user name and certain statistics regarding your own use of the Services, including but not limited to, the date you became an Account holder, the categories of materials you posted and how long ago you last visited the Sites.
It will also display information about the Account holders who visit your profile page including the names of those Account holders who follow you (if the Account holder has permitted such display), and the number of visitors to, and views of your profile page or pages containing Artworks you have submitted.
Any information or content that you post to your profile page, or to any Groups which you are a part of, chat rooms or forums will be publicly accessible by Users so please exercise your good judgment before you post.
The name you choose when creating your Account is visible to all Users of the Services.
If you visit another account holder's profile page, your user name will appear on that page.
DeviantArt does not control, and is not responsible for, the use of any information or content that you have exposed to the public through your use of the Services.
You may use the tools we make available via the Services to make decisions about what information about you, including PII, will be visible on your profile page and on the profile pages of other Account holders that you visit.
Please note Accounts can be created either by individuals or companies.
Note that in some cases, we may not be able to remove your PII from such areas.
Even if you choose not to receive information from us, we reserve the right to communicate with you on matters we consider especially important.
Making changes
You may review your PII by logging in and navigating to your Settings page on the website.
Once there, you may modify information that is incorrect and delete certain information from your profile.
You can also change your permission settings for us to send you e-mail newsletters.
To delete your PII, you must manually change your data fields to null values.
Please note that some information associated with you cannot be deleted.
Data related to transactions for products and services through the DeviantArt Print Shop is retained indefinitely and we may retain other PII associated with you in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.
Security
We have implemented security measures designed to protect the PII you share with us, including physical, electronic and procedural measures.
Among other things, we offer HTTPS secure access to most areas on our Services.
the transmission of sensitive payment information (such as a credit card number) through our designated purchase forms is protected by an industry standard SSL/TLS encrypted connection.
and we regularly maintain a PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards) certification.
We also regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and regularly seek new ways and Third Party Services for further enhancing the security of our Services and protection of our Visitors’ and Users’ privacy.
However – regardless of the measures and efforts taken by us, we cannot and do not guarantee the absolute protection and security of your PII, or any other content you upload, publish or otherwise share with us or anyone else.
We therefore encourage you to set strong passwords for your User Account, and avoid providing us or anyone with any sensitive information which you believe its disclosure could cause you substantial or irreparable harm.
Furthermore, because certain areas on our Services are less secure than others, and since e-mail and instant messaging are not recognized as secure forms of communications, we request and encourage you not to share any PII on any of these areas or via any of these methods.
If you have any questions regarding the security of our Services, you are more than welcome to contact us at security-report@deviantart.com.
International Transfers
Your PII may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.
If you're located outside the United States and choose to provide your PII to us, we may transfer your PII to the United States and process it there.
Your use of our Services and submission of any PII represents your agreement to that transfer.
Children's Information
We do not intend that children under 13 years old will use our Services.
We do not solicit or knowingly collect information from children under 13 years old, nor will we accept registration from them.
Children between the ages of 13-16 require parental or guardian consent prior to accessing or using the Sites.
If you are a parent or guardian of a child between the ages of 13-16, and you provide your consent to your child’s registration with any of the sites, you agree that you have read and fully understood this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service, in respect of their use and access to the Sites and the Services.
Updates
Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the information is collected by us.
However, we may update this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law from time to time as our Services change and expand, and to reflect changes to our information collection, usage and storage practices.
If we update this Privacy Policy, we will notify you about significant changes by sending a notice to the email address specified in your Account, with the use of an internal message directed to your Account or by posting a notice of such changes on the Sites.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Unless otherwise provided, the updated Privacy Policy will take effect on the date it is posted.
Once such changes become effective, your continued use of the Site and/or Services will signify that you have read the new Privacy Policy and your acknowledgment of the new Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, or any revised Privacy Policy, you should stop using the Sites and/or Services.
Scope
The DeviantArt Sites contain links to other websites and/or services.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of any companies or individuals that DeviantArt does not control, or any websites and/or services that you link to from the DeviantArt Sites.
DeviantArt is not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of those companies, individuals, websites and/or services and any information that you provide on or to third-party companies, individuals, websites or services are subject to those parties' privacy policies.
We are accountable for PII that we receive under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party as described in the Privacy Shield Principles.
In particular, we remain responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that we engage to process the PII on our behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
You should use caution and review the privacy policies of any websites that you visit from ours to learn more about their information practices before providing your PII.
Questions
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or our policies or wish to exercise any of your rights as described, please contact us at:

DeviantArt, Inc.
7095 Hollywood Blvd #788Hollywood, CA 90028
Phone: 888-4DEVART (888-433-8278)
Email: help@deviantart.com

We will attempt to resolve any complaints regarding the use of your PII in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
