 Legal 
Terms
Privacy &amp.
Cookies
Security
Bug Bounty Program
Order Form
MSA
 Terms of Service
Effective Date: Last Updated as of March 18, 2019.

Download as PDF

Welcome to directly.com, provided by Directly Software, Inc.
(“Directly,” “Company,”, “we,” “our”, or “us”).&nbsp.
Directly’s technology platform and services allow companies to build networks of expert contributors who earn rewards for training AI systems, creating knowledge base content, and answering customer questions.

This Terms of Service Agreement (“Terms”) is a legal contract that (a) is between Directly and each Expert, or visitor to our website or Services (i.e., “you”), and (b) governs your access to and use of our website, www.directly.com, the tools we make available to you interact with the Directly automation platform, software, mobile apps, and services (“Expert Platform”) and Expert Content.
Directly’s provision of the Expert Platform is referred to as “Services” in these Terms.
You must read and agree to these Terms before you access or use the Services.
These Terms do not bind Customers (except to the extent they are acting as Experts).
each Customer enters into a separate “Master Services Agreement” with Directly.
We can change these Terms at any time.
If a change is material, we will provide notice before it takes effect.
&nbsp;Please read&nbsp;Section 15.1&nbsp;for details.

BY ACCESSING OR USING ANY ASPECT OF OUR SERVICES, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS, WHICH INCLUDE AND LEGALLY INCORPORATE OUR&nbsp;PRIVACY POLICY.


IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OUR TERMS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES.


IMPORTANT NOTICE: PLEASE CAREFULLY REVIEW THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT SET FORTH IN SECTION 14 BELOW, AS IT REQUIRES YOU TO RESOLVE DISPUTES ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS THROUGH FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION.
&nbsp;BY ENTERING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE REVIEWED ALL ITS TERMS AND HAVE TAKEN TIME TO UNDERSTAND THE CONSEQUENCES.
 1.
Platform, Services and Experts

1.1.
Overview. &nbsp;Directly’s CX Automation platform and services allow a corporate customer (each a “Customer”) to build a network of Experts who qualify to earn rewards for training AI systems, creating knowledge base content, and answering questions related to the applicable Customer.
The Services enable the expertise provided by individuals who register for a Directly Account (as provided in Section 1.2 below) and qualify as expert users on the platform Directly provides to Customers (“Experts”) to train and improve customer service systems by answering questions from a Customer’s end-users (“Answers”), training AI systems for automation (“Training”), or updating a Customer’s knowledge systems (“Knowledge Base”).
Answers, Training, and Knowledge Base content and related tasks are collectively referred to as “Expert Content”.

1.2.
Account Registration, Privacy Policy and other Terms.&nbsp.
To apply to become an Expert, you must be at least 18 years of age, capable of entering into legally binding contracts, and register for a Directly account (“Directly Account“) by providing certain personal information about yourself (“Registration Information”), as detailed in and subject to our Privacy Policy which is available here and incorporated into these Terms.
By registering for a Directly Account, you authorize us and/or our Third Party Providers (See Section 2.5 below) to verify all Registration Information.
Please see our Privacy Policy for additional details.
Directly or Customers may impose additional requirements on you and your eligibility (“Supplemental Terms”).
You will be given an opportunity to review and consent to any applicable Supplemental Terms.

1.3.
Expert Qualification and Responsibilities.&nbsp;Once your Directly Account and Registration Information are verified (if required), you are eligible to take skills, language and communications tests to determine your qualifications, skills and expertise to be routed specific tasks to provide Expert Content.
You represent and warrant that: (a) your Directly Account and Registration Information are truthful and accurate.
(b) you will maintain the accuracy and completeness of such information.
and (c) your use of the Services and provision of Expert Content does not violate any applicable law or these Terms.
&nbsp;You may delete your Directly Account at any time and for any reason, by following the instructions in the Services.
&nbsp;(See&nbsp;Directly’s Privacy Policy, Section 5 “Choices and Rights” for details.) &nbsp;We reserve, at all times, the right to accept or reject your application for a Directly Account, as well as your initial and ongoing participation in the Services.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Directly Account login information and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Directly Account.
&nbsp;You must notify Directly at security@directly.com immediately if you suspect that your Directly Account has been compromised, your account information stolen or used by someone else or any other breach or suspected breach of security.
Please carefully read&nbsp;Section 7, “Confidential Information.

1.4.
Conduct, Confidentiality and Data Protection. You are responsible for maintaining a high level of professionalism, including understanding your conduct and confidentiality responsibilities, as referenced in the Section 4 “Conduct” and Section 7 “Confidential Information” below as well as in the restricted-access “Expert Hub” webpages of directly.com.
For privacy, data protection and security purposes, you also agree to comply with additional duties and safeguards, including those described in the Expert DPA incorporated into these Terms.
Please take time to read and understand this Expert DPA, as it specifically calls out, among other protections, that you may not copy, use or store restricted information (e.g., “personal data”).
We may suspend or limit your rights to use the Services at any time for any reason at our sole discretion, including any use of the Services in violation of these Terms.

1.5.
Independent Expert. You are an independent contractor and solely responsible for your Expert Content and activity on, through, and related to the Services.
&nbsp;The Services help to optimize the routing and resolution of tasks to provide Expert Content, but Directly does not assume responsibility for any Expert Content or for actions by any independent third-parties, including but not limited to Experts, Customers, or Customers’ end users. 2.
Licenses, Restrictions and Disclaimers.

2.1.
Grant. Subject to these Terms, we grant you a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to access and use the Services for the purpose of viewing requests for and generating Expert Content.

2.2.
Restrictions. You will not: &nbsp;(a) license, sublicense, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Services or technology thereunder.
(b) modify, copy, distribute, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Services or related technology.
or (c) access the Services in order to build a similar or competitive service or technology.
or (d) share any of your passwords, access protocols or other methods of accessing the Services.

2.3.
Modification. &nbsp;We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Services, or any part thereof with or without notice.
&nbsp;You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Services or any part thereof.

2.4.
Ownership. &nbsp;You acknowledge that all the intellectual property rights in the Services are owned by us or our licensors.
&nbsp;The provision of the Services does not transfer to you or any third party any rights, title or interest in or to such intellectual property rights.
&nbsp;We and our licensors reserve all rights not granted in these Terms.
&nbsp;Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all trademarks, logos and service marks (“Marks“) displayed on the Services are our property or the property of other third parties.
&nbsp;You are not permitted to use these Marks without our prior written consent or the consent of such third party which may own the Marks.


2.5.
Third Party Providers. &nbsp;Certain features of the Services may be operated by Third Party Providers (“Third Party Providers”).
&nbsp;To use the features of Third Party Providers, you may be required to create an account with, or otherwise login to, the applicable Third Party Provider.
&nbsp;Any information provided through a Third Party Provider feature is collected by the applicable Third Party Provider on its servers, and is governed by its terms of service and privacy policy.
&nbsp;That information may be shared with Directly.
and you hereby consent to the Third Party Provider sharing that information with Directly.


2.6.
Not Part of the Services. &nbsp;The Services may be made available through independent Customer websites, help desks, and other online properties and digital customer service channels.
&nbsp;Our Customers are responsible for these independent properties and configuration of Directly technology that offers requests to provide Expert Content.
None of the activities of Experts, Customers, or any Expert Content is provided by Directly, or the responsibility of Directly. 3.
Content

3.1.
General. &nbsp;You are solely responsible for your Expert Content and any activity related to Expert Content or use of the Services.
&nbsp;You assume all risks associated with provision of Expert Content and activity related to providing Expert Content, including any reliance on its accuracy, completeness, or usefulness by others.
You hereby affirm, represent, and warrant that: &nbsp;(a) you own, or have the necessary licenses, rights, and/or consents to transmit your Expert Content via the Services and to license or assign the rights in the Expert Content (which Directly may then sublicense or assign to a Customer), and (b) your Expert Content, activity related to Expert Content, and use of the Services does not violate the Acceptable Use Policy, below.

3.2.
Assignment. You agree to (and hereby do) assign all of your intellectual property rights in and to your Expert Content to Directly.
To ensure that we are able to acquire, perfect, and use such rights, you further agree to (i) sign any documents to assist in the documentation, perfection and enforcement of our rights.
and (ii) provide reasonable access to information for recording, perfecting, securing, defending, and enforcing such proprietary rights in any and all countries.
Your obligations under this section will continue even after you deregister from or cease use of Directly.
You appoint Directly as your attorney-in-fact to execute documents on your behalf for the purposes set forth in this section.
You agree to waive irrevocably (and cause to be waived), and agree never to assert, any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your work.

3.3.
Feedback. &nbsp;We will treat any feedback or suggestions you provide to us as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
&nbsp;Thus, in the absence of a written agreement with us to the contrary, you agree that you will not submit to us any information or ideas that are, or you consider to be, confidential or proprietary. 4.
Conduct

4.1.
Acceptable Use Policy. &nbsp;The following sets forth our “Acceptable Use Policy“: &nbsp;You understand that content provided by any user, including Expert Content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who created the respective content.
This means that you, and not we, are entirely responsible for content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Services, including any Task you view or complete.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you must not use the Services to:

upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available Expert Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, objectionable, or infringing of any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise communicate or post Expert Content that is disparaging of any Customer’s products, services, brands, policies, operations, staff or the like.
upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available any Expert Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
state or imply that your Expert Content is in any way provided, sponsored or endorsed by us, a Customer, or any other company, organization or association;
impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
collect or store personal data about other Experts, Customer personnel, or a Customer’s end users;
harm minors in any way;
upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas (such as shopping) that are designated for such purpose;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
provide material support or resources (or to conceal or disguise the nature, location, source, or ownership of material support or resources) to any organization(s) designated by the United States government as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act;
violate any applicable local, state, national or international law;
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Expert Content transmitted through the Services;
create multiple Directly Accounts, or “game” the system in order to falsely earn points, rewards or reputation, including without limitation by getting friends to submit Tasks, or using crowd labor platforms to boost results;
interfere with or disrupt our servers or networks, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks, including using any device, software or routine to bypass our robot exclusion headers;
attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services, other computer systems or networks connected to or used together with the Services, through password mining or other means.
violate any documented standard, rule, code of conduct or the like as posted in Directly’s Expert Hub, which Experts agree to check regularly for updates.



4.2.
Codes of Conduct and Training Rules. &nbsp;To participate in responding to a request to provide Expert Content, you will comply with all codes of conduct, training rules and security standards provided to you by Directly. 5.
Relationship

5.1.
General. You represent and warrant that, unless otherwise agreed in writing by Directly or the Customer for which you provide Expert Content, you are not an employee or agent of Directly or such Customer.
&nbsp;You expressly disclaim any employment relationship with Directly and such Customer.
You agree to act as an independent contractor.
Nothing about your participation with Directly, its Customers or other Experts is intended to, or should be construed to, create a partnership, agency, joint venture or employment relationship.

5.2.
Control When Completing Tasks. &nbsp;In the event you elect to respond to requests to provide Expert Content, in no event shall Directly or our Customers have control over your work or methods of contribution or provision.
&nbsp;You will: &nbsp;set your hours of work and amount of time worked.
determine your own patterns and methods of work.
use your own devices, supplies, tools, and equipment, including internet access.
perform work for any third parties of your choosing.
and perform all work independently.
You will not: use any property or equipment of Directly or Customers.
perform any services on any premises of Customers.
be required to provide any reports, written or oral, to Customers.
or be integrated into the business operations or dealings of Directly’s Customers.
Customers will not: pay for your expenses.
provide instructions or direction to you on the location, time, methods, or means of performance of services.
or supervise you in any form, fashion or manner. 6.
Rewards

6.1.
Rewards. As a qualified Expert, you will be able to earn rewards for performing tasks, including but not limited to, providing Expert Content in the form of Training, Knowledge Base, and Answers.
Directly and/or the applicable Customer shall have complete discretion to determine the completeness of all tasks and Expert Content for the purpose of reward eligibility and amount.
Please consult the Expert Hub area for guidance on rewards and other details

6.2	Payment. &nbsp;Directly will instruct the processing of payments to you, in accordance with Directly’s and the applicable Customer’s acceptance policy and rewards for Expert Content generated and delivered to Customer.
&nbsp;In order to direct payment to you as an Expert, we require information to verify your identity and to combat fraud.
See&nbsp;Section 2 of the Privacy Policy for details.
&nbsp;We also may institute a threshold of reward amounts that you must meet in your Directly Account in order to effectuate the cash transfer&nbsp;(e.g.,&nbsp;paying you only after the sum of your unpaid rewards is more than a minimum amount).
&nbsp;In the event that you earn rewards for providing Expert Content, Directly will undertake reasonable efforts to release to you those rewards each week, month, or at an interval determined by us or the applicable Customer.
&nbsp;We reserve the right (but do not assume an obligation), at our election or upon request from the applicable Customer or upon notice of any potential fraud, unauthorized charges or other misuse of the Services, to place on hold or cancel any payment.
&nbsp;We, in our sole discretion, will select a payment processor and you must create an account with this payment processor to receive payment.
&nbsp;We may deduct any payment processing fees from any payments to you.&nbsp;

6.3.
Taxes. If you provide Expert Content, you are solely responsible for, and will file, on a timely basis, all tax returns and payments required to be filed with, or made to, any federal, state, or local tax authority with respect to receipt of rewards in connection with completing Tasks and receiving payments therefor.
&nbsp;Directly, the payment processor or the applicable Customer will report (and may withhold withholding taxes with respect to (to the extent required by law)) payments to you to the Internal Revenue Service (or other taxing authorities) as required by law. 7.
Confidential Information

7.1.
Confidential Information Scope. You acknowledge and agree that any information you receive in connection with a request to provide Expert Content constitutes proprietary, confidential information of (a) the applicable Customer, or (b) applicable Customer end users, whether or not marked as proprietary, confidential, personal, or other reference (collectively, “Confidential Information”).&nbsp.
Confidential Information does not include information that demonstrably (a) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of disclosure by you.
(b) was possessed by you prior to being furnished by the Services.
or (c) becomes available to you from a source other than the Services.
&nbsp;Further, it shall not be a violation for you to disclose Confidential Information or Personal Data (as that term is defined in the Privacy Policy) in response to a subpoena or other legal process served upon you, or where applicable law or regulation requires the disclosure of such information, provided that, if not prohibited under applicable law, you give reasonable prior written notice to Directly sufficient to permit Directly to inform the applicable Customer, so the applicable Customer can seek a protective order if it so chooses, and you disclose only the information that is legally required to be disclosed.

7.2.
Confidential Information Duties.

7.2.1. &nbsp;You will keep all Confidential Information in strictest confidence and will not collect, use, store, disclose, or otherwise process any Confidential Information, except as instructed to do so in writing by Directly, or to provide Expert Content, and in accordance with Directly instructions and applicable law.
&nbsp;

7.2.2. &nbsp;You will not disclose, process, or otherwise use any Confidential Information in a manner that violates any applicable law and you agree to notify Directly in writing immediately if you believe that any instruction given by Directly would violate any applicable law.

7.2.3. &nbsp;You agree to notify Directly in writing immediately if you learn of any collection, use, storage, disclosure, or other processing of any Confidential Information in a manner not permitted by this Section or these Terms.

7.2.4. &nbsp;You further agree to take appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of any systems used for handling Tasks and protect against the unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to any Confidential Information transmitted, stored or otherwise processed.

7.2.5. &nbsp;You will not engage any other individual or entity to assist in providing Expert Content unless you are instructed to do so in writing by Directly.
&nbsp;

7.2.6. &nbsp;You agree to make available to the Directly all information necessary to demonstrate compliance with the obligations set forth in this Section and applicable law regarding the Confidential Information, and to allow Directly to conduct audits, including inspections, of your compliance with the obligations set forth in this Section.

7.2.7. &nbsp;Upon the termination, cancellation or expiration of your Directly Account for any reason, or upon Directly’s request at any time, you will destroy all Confidential Information, together with any copies that may be authorized herein.
[You may retain only that portion of Confidential Information that is necessary for you to verify receipt of any payments you receive for the purpose of complying with your tax obligations.]

7.2.8. &nbsp;Nothing herein is intended to or shall grant to you any license or other right of any nature to the use of any Confidential Information except as permitted in this Section.
&nbsp;Nothing in these Terms shall be deemed to restrict you from providing the same or similar services in connection with third-party platforms, regardless of whether any such third party directly or indirectly competes with Directly, except that you shall not use, in the provision of such services, any Confidential Information or other non-public information pertaining to Directly’s business that is either designated and/or marked as confidential when disclosed to you, or which you knew or reasonably should have known, under the circumstances, was considered confidential or proprietary by Directly even if not designated or marked as such. 8.
Disclaimers

The Services is provided “as-is,” and as available.
&nbsp;We expressly disclaim any and all representations, warranties, and conditions of any kind, whether express or implied, including those of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, quiet enjoyment, accuracy, or non-infringement.
&nbsp;We make no warranty that the Services or any content therein: &nbsp;(a) will meet your requirements.
(b) will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis.
or (c) will be accurate, reliable, complete, legal, or safe.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.

 9.
Limitation of Liability

In no event shall we (and our Customers, Customer users or Third Party Providers (collectively, “Partners”) be liable to you or any third party for any lost profit or any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special, or punitive damages arising from these Terms or your use of, or inability to use, the Services, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Access to, and use of, the Services are at your own discretion and risk.


Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, our (and our Partners’) liability to you for any damages arising from or related to the Services (for any cause whatsoever and regardless of the form of the action), will at all times be limited to the greater of: &nbsp;(a) fifty U.S.
dollars ($50) or (b) amounts we have paid you in the prior 12 months (if any).


Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you and you may also have other legal rights that vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
 10.
Indemnities

10.1 By You. You agree to indemnify and hold us, our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, any related companies, our Partners, suppliers, licensors, and the officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives of each of them harmless, including costs and attorneys’ fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of: &nbsp;(i) your use of the Services, (ii) your Expert Content, or (iii) your violation of these Terms.
&nbsp;We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.
&nbsp;You agree not to settle any matter without our prior written consent.
&nbsp;We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.

10.2 By Us. &nbsp;We will (1) defend, or at our option settle, any suit filed by a third party against you (a “Suit”) to the extent such Suit claims that your use of the Services, as permitted in these Terms, constitutes infringement or misappropriation by you of such third party’s intellectual property rights.
and (2) pay (i) any final judgment or award directly resulting from such Suit or (ii) those damages agreed to by us in a monetary settlement of such Suit.
If any portion of the Services becomes, or in our opinion is likely to become, the subject of a claim of infringement, we may, at our option: (a) procure for you the right to continue using the Services.
(b) replace the Services with non-infringing software or Services, which do not materially impair the functionality of the Services.
(c) modify the Services so that it becomes non-infringing.
or (d) terminate these Terms and refund any fees actually paid by you to us for the remainder of the term then in effect, and upon such termination, you will immediately cease all use of the Services.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we shall have no obligation under this section or otherwise with respect to any infringement claim that would not have arisen but for (x) any use of the Services not in accordance with these Terms.
(y) any use of the Services in combination with other products, equipment, software, or data not supplied by us.
or (z) any modification of the Services by any person other than us or our authorized agents.
This subsection states your sole and exclusive remedy and the entire liability of Directly, or any of our officers, directors, employees, shareholders, contractors or representatives, for infringement claims and activity.
 11.
Release
You hereby release Directly, our officers, employees, agents and successors from claims, demands any and all losses, damages, rights, claims, and activity of any kind including personal injuries, death, and property damage, that is either directly or indirectly related to or arises from any interaction with, Expert Content from, or conduct of, Experts, Customers, users or Third Party Providers.
You hereby waive California Civil Code section 1542 in connection with the foregoing, which states: &nbsp;“A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party.”
 12.
Term and Termination
We may (a) suspend or limit your rights to use or access the Services (including your Directly Account), or (b) terminate these Terms, at any time for any reason at our sole discretion, including (i) for any use of the Services in violation of these Terms.
or (ii) if while providing Expert Content, you do not meet, or cease to meet, the guidelines set forth in your supplemental agreement with a Customer.
&nbsp;Upon termination of these Terms, your Directly Account and right to access and use the Services will terminate immediately.
You understand that any termination of your Directly Account may involve deletion of your content associated therewith.
&nbsp;We will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any termination of these Terms, including for termination of your Directly Account or deletion of your content.
&nbsp;Even after these Terms are terminated, the following provisions of these Terms will remain in effect: Sections 1.4, 2.2 – 2.6, 3 – 5, 6.3, and 7 -15. 13.
&nbsp;Copyright Policy
We respect the intellectual property of others and require that Partners who access and use our Services do the same.
&nbsp;In connection with our Services, we have adopted and implemented a policy respecting copyright law that provides for the removal of any infringing materials and for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of Experts who violate our terms or infringe on intellectual property rights, including copyrights.
If you believe that one of our Experts is, through the use of our Services, unlawfully infringing the copyright(s) in a work, and wish to have the allegedly infringing material removed, the following information in the form of a written notification (pursuant to 17 U.S.C.
512(c)) must be provided to us:

your physical or electronic signature;
identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim to have been infringed;
identification of the material on our Services that you claim is infringing and that you request us to remove;
sufficient information to permit us to locate such material;
your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the objectionable material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or under the law.
and
a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are either the owner of the copyright that has allegedly been infringed or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.

Please note that, pursuant to 17 U.S.C.
512(f), any misrepresentation of material fact (falsities) in a written notification automatically subjects the complaining party to liability for any damages, costs and attorney’s fees incurred by us in connection with the written notification and allegation of copyright infringement.

Our designated copyright agent to receive such claims can be reached as follows:

By mail:
Copyright Agent
c/o Directly Software, Inc., 333 Bryant Street #250, San Francisco, CA, 94107, United States
By email: legal@directly.com 14.
Agreement to Arbitrate: Arbitration Terms

14.1.
&nbsp;Effect of Agreement to Arbitration Terms.



By agreeing to the Terms, and unless you opt-out as provided immediately below, you agree that you are required to resolve any claim that you may have against Directly on an individual basis in arbitration, as set forth in this Section 14, “Agreement to Arbitrate: Arbitration Terms” (hereinafter “Arbitration Terms”).
By agreeing to the Arbitration Terms both you and Directly waive the right to resolve any such disputes through a trial by jury or judge or through an administrative proceeding.

Your agreement to the Arbitration Terms will preclude you from bringing any class, collective, or representative action against Directly, and also preclude you from participating in or recovering relief under any current or future class, collective, consolidated, or representative action brought against Directly by someone else.







14.2.&nbsp;Right to Opt Out of Arbitration Terms. You may opt out of these Arbitration Terms and your agreement to arbitrate.
If you do so, neither you nor Directly can require the other to participate in an arbitration proceeding.
You may opt out by emailing us at legal@directly.com&nbsp;or sending us written notification at Directly Software Inc., Attention: Legal, 333 Bryant Street, #250, San Francisco, CA 94107.
&nbsp;You must notify us by emailing or posting within 30 days of the date that you first became subject to this arbitration provision, and your notification must include your name and residence address, the email address you use for your account (if you have one), and a clear statement that you want to opt out of these Arbitration Terms.
Your decision to opt-out of these Arbitration Terms will have no adverse effect on your relationship with us.
&nbsp;Unless you choose to opt out, this dispute resolution provision in Section 14 shall survive termination of the Terms.

14.3.
Waiver of Jury Trial and Class Actions. You acknowledge and agree that you and Directly are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding.
Unless both you and Directly otherwise agree in writing, any arbitration will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, collective, consolidated, or representative proceeding.
This means the dispute will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties.
However, you and Directly each retain the right to bring an individual action in small claims court and the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights.

14.4.
Notices.&nbsp;&nbsp;Before either party may seek arbitration, the party must first send to the other party a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”) describing the nature and basis of the claim or dispute, and the requested relief.
&nbsp;A Notice to Directly should be sent to: ATTN: Legal, Directly Software, Inc., 333 Bryant Street, Suite 250, San Francisco, CA, 94107.
&nbsp;Any Notice to the applicable Customer should be sent to that Customer’s principal offices.
&nbsp;After the Notice is received, you and Directly (or the applicable Customer) may attempt to resolve the claim or dispute informally.
&nbsp;If you and Directly (or the applicable Customer) do not resolve the claim or dispute within thirty (30) days after the Notice is received, either party may begin an arbitration proceeding.
&nbsp;The amount of any settlement offer made by any party may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator has determined the amount of the award, if any, to which either party is entitled.

14.5.
Arbitration Terms.&nbsp.
To ensure the timely and economical resolution of disputes that may arise between you and Directly, both you and Directly mutually agree that pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.
§1-16, and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will submit solely to final, binding and confidential arbitration any and all disputes, claims, or causes of action arising from or relating to: (i) the negotiation, execution, interpretation, performance, breach or enforcement of the Terms.
or (ii) your work with Directly and your Directly Account (including but not limited to all statutory claims).
or (iii) the termination of your relationship with Directly and any Directly Account on the Services (including but not limited to all statutory claims).
provided, however, that this Section shall not apply to any claim or cause of action brought in court by you pursuant to the California Private Attorneys General Act of 2004, as amended.
Arbitration shall be initiated through JAMS, an established alternative dispute resolution provider that offers arbitration as set forth in this section, or if JAMS is not available to arbitrate, the parties shall agree to select an alternative provider (“ADR Provider”).
&nbsp;The Terms and the rules of the ADR Provider shall govern all aspects of the arbitration, including but not limited to the method of initiating and/or demanding arbitration, except to the extent such rules are in conflict with the Terms (“Arbitration Rules”).
&nbsp;The arbitration shall be conducted by a single, neutral arbitrator.
&nbsp;Any claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is less than Ten Thousand U.S.
Dollars (US $10,000.00) may be resolved through binding non-appearance-based arbitration, at the option of the party seeking relief.
&nbsp;For claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is Ten Thousand U.S.
Dollars (US $10,000.00) or more, the right to a hearing will be determined by the Arbitration Rules.
&nbsp;Any hearing will be held in a location within 100 miles of your residence, unless you reside outside of the United States, and unless the parties agree otherwise.
&nbsp;If you reside outside of the U.S., the arbitrator shall give the parties reasonable notice of the date, time and place of any oral hearing.
&nbsp;Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
&nbsp;If the arbitrator grants you an award that is greater than the last settlement offer that Directly or the applicable Customer made to you prior to the initiation of arbitration, Directly (or the applicable Customer) will pay you the greater of the award or 130% of the settlement offer.
&nbsp;Each party shall bear its own costs (including attorney’s fees) and disbursements arising out of the arbitration and shall pay an equal share of the fees and costs of the ADR Provider.

14.6.
Additional Rules for Non-Appearance Based Arbitration. &nbsp;If non-appearance based arbitration is elected, the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or based solely on written submissions.
the specific manner shall be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration.
&nbsp;The arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise agreed by the parties.

14.7.
Time Limits. &nbsp;If you or Directly (or the applicable Customer) pursues arbitration, the arbitration action must be initiated and/or demanded within the statute of limitations&nbsp;(i.e., the legal deadline for filing a claim) and within any deadline imposed under the Arbitration Rules for the pertinent claim.

14.8.
Authority of Arbitrator. &nbsp;If arbitration is initiated, the arbitrator shall have the sole and exclusive authority to determine whether a dispute, claim or cause of action is subject to arbitration under this Section 14 and to determine any procedural questions which grow out of such disputes, claims or causes of action and bear on their final disposition.
&nbsp;Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim.
shall have the authority to award monetary damages, and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the ADR Provider’s rules, and the Terms.
&nbsp;The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded.
&nbsp;The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have.
The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and Directly (or the applicable Customer).

14.9.
Waiver of Jury Trial. &nbsp;The parties hereby waive their constitutional and statutory rights to go to court and have a trial in front of a judge or a jury, instead electing that all claims and disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under these arbitration section terms.
&nbsp;Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient and less costly than rules applicable in a court and are subject to very limited review by a court.
&nbsp;In the event any litigation should arise between you and Directly (or the applicable Customer) in any state or federal court in a suit to vacate or enforce an arbitration award or otherwise, you and Directly (or the applicable Customer) waive all rights to a jury trial, instead electing that the dispute be resolved by a judge.

14.10.
Waiver of Class or Consolidated Actions. &nbsp;All claims and disputes within the scope of this Arbitration Terms must be arbitrated or litigated on an individual basis and not on a class basis, and claims of more than one User cannot be arbitrated or litigated jointly or consolidated with those of any other user or third party (including but not limited to Experts, users or Customers.

14.11.
Confidentiality. &nbsp;All aspects of the arbitration proceeding, including, but not limited to, the award of the arbitrator and compliance therewith, shall be strictly confidential.
&nbsp;The parties agree to maintain confidentiality unless otherwise required by law.
&nbsp;This paragraph shall not prevent a party from submitting to a court of law any information necessary to enforce these Terms, to enforce an arbitration award, or to seek injunctive or equitable relief.

14.12.
Severability. If any provision of these Arbitration Terms is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of these Arbitration Terms will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law.


14.13.
Right to Waive.&nbsp.
Any and all of the rights and limitations set forth in this section may be waived by the party against whom the claim is asserted.
&nbsp;Such waiver shall not waive or affect any other portion of these terms.

14.14.
Survival of Terms. &nbsp;The Arbitration Terms will survive the termination of your relationship with Directly (or the applicable Customer).

14.15.
Small Claims Court. &nbsp;Notwithstanding the foregoing, either you or Directly (or the Applicable Customer) may bring an individual action in small claims court.

14.16.
Emergency Equitable Relief. &nbsp;Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may seek emergency equitable relief before a state or federal court in order to maintain the status quo pending arbitration.
&nbsp;A request for interim measures shall not be deemed a waiver of any other rights or obligations under this Arbitration Terms.

14.17.
Claims Not Subject to Arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, claims of violation of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and other computer misuse or computer crime claims shall not be subject to these Arbitration Terms.

14.18.
Courts. &nbsp;In any circumstances where the foregoing Arbitration Terms permits the parties to litigate in court, the parties hereby agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within San Francisco County, California, for such purpose. 15.
General

15.1.
Changes to Terms. &nbsp;These Terms are subject to revision, and if we make any substantial changes, we will notify you by sending you an email to the last e-mail address you provided to us (if any) and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Services so it is visible when you visit and/or log-on to the Services for the first time after the change is posted.
&nbsp;Such changes will not retroactively modify agreed dispute resolution provisions for any then-pending disputes.
Your continued use of the Services after the changes have been posted shall constitute your acceptance of the changes.
If you do not agree to the updated Terms, you must cease your use of the Services.
Any changes to these Terms will be effective immediately following our posting of notice of the changes on our Services.
&nbsp;You are responsible for providing us with your most current email address.
In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.

15.2.
Electronic communications. &nbsp;The communications between you and us use electronic means, whether you visit the Services or send emails, or whether we post notices on the Services or communicate with you via email.
&nbsp;For contractual purposes, you (a) consent to receive communications from us in an electronic form.
and (b) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would satisfy if it were in writing.
&nbsp;The foregoing does not affect your statutory rights.

15.3.
Entire Agreement. These Terms (which include any other rules posted on the Services) constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Services.
&nbsp;Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision.
The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
The word “including” means “including without limitation.” &nbsp;If any provision of these Terms is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of these Terms will be unimpaired, and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law.
These Terms, and your rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated, or otherwise transferred by you without our prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void.
We may freely assign these Terms.
&nbsp;The terms of these Terms shall be binding upon assignees.

15.4.
System Outages and Changes to Services. &nbsp;You acknowledge and agree there will be occasions when the Services will be interrupted for scheduled maintenance or upgrades, for emergency repairs, or due to failure of telecommunications links and equipment that are outside of our control, and that we will have no liability for your inability to access and/or use the Services, or any portion thereof, during any of the foregoing events.
&nbsp;We reserve the right to change, alter or vary the Services, Services offered on or through the Services at any time without notice.

15.5.
Third Party Beneficiary. &nbsp;Directly and you acknowledge and agree that each Customer is a third-party beneficiary of these Terms, and that, upon you accepting the terms and conditions of these Terms, each such Customer will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.

Careers
Company
Legal
Security
Privacy &amp.
Cookies
Expert log in
   Legal 
Terms
Privacy &amp.
Cookies
Security
Bug Bounty Program
Order Form
MSA
 Privacy Policy
Effective Date: Last Updated as of March 18, 2019.

Download as PDF
 Update Summary
This Privacy Policy describes how Directly collects, uses and discloses information or data, including your personal data, and what choices you have with respect to your data.
Updates in this version of the Privacy Policy reflect recent changes in our Services.
Table of Contents

Purpose, Scope &amp.
Application
Data Collected
Use and Retention
Sharing and Disclosure
Choices and Rights
Security
European Users
California Users
Changes
Contact Us &amp.
FAQs
Supplement: E.U-U.S and Swiss-U.S Privacy Shield Policy Exhibit: Expert DPA 
 1.
Introduction

1.1.
Directly Service. Welcome to our website, directly.com, and related marketplace platform, and related software, technology and services (collectively the “Services”) operated by Directly Software, Inc.
(“Directly,” “we,” “our,” “us”).
Directly provides the Services to deliver a better customer experience for our corporate enterprise customers (“Customers”).
The Services combine and improve technologies for customer experience automation with empathy and expertise from people who register and qualify as end-user experts on the Services (“Experts”).
Experts are eligible to accept routed requests to perform tasks via the Services as specified by the applicable Customer, including to resolve customer service questions (“Answers”), to train technology systems for automation (“Training”), and to update knowledge databases (“Knowledge Base”, collectively “Expert Content”).

1.2.
Purpose &amp.
Scope. Privacy and security are important to Directly.
The purpose of this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) is to inform you what information Directly processes through directly.com (including any subdomains) and the Services.
The Privacy Policy details how we collect, use, and disclose different types of information or data, including personal data and your choices and rights.
By “Personal Data” we mean any type of information or data that identifies, or reasonably could be used to identify, you as an individual.
In some countries (for example, the European Economic Area countries or “EEA”), local legal systems have a specific definition of personal data, or in other jurisdictions, of “personally identifiable information” that will apply.
Where this is the case, we refer to and will process any such data as “Personal Data.” We refer to information that does not fall under any applicable scope or definition of personal data as “Other Data” and to Personal Data and Other Data collectively as “Data.” All capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in our Terms.

By accessing directly.com or submitting Personal Data through the Services, you consent to the processing of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with our Privacy Policy or Terms, do not access or use directly.com, the Services, any other aspect of Directly’s business, and in such case, you should (a) take the necessary steps to remove cookies from your computer after leaving our website and/or Services (see Section 2.3 below), and (b) discontinue any future access or use.


Our Services (including directly.com) are intended for adults and not for children: Anyone under the age of 18 is not permitted to access or use directly.com or the Services. If you are under the age of 18 you are prohibited from registering for or using a Directly Account or submitting any Data to us.

 1.3.
Scope of Application. The Privacy Policy applies to your access to and use of the Services, as either a visitor to directly.com or as an Expert.
The Privacy Policy is a part of and incorporated into our Terms, which governs your use of the Services.
It’s also important to note that the Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to the following:
First, the Privacy Policy 
does not
 apply to our Customers, whose license and access to the Services is governed by a separate legal agreement with Directly (each a “Customer Agreement”).
Second, the Privacy Policy also doesn’t apply to a Customer’s end users who posts customer service questions independent websites, helpdesk systems, and customer service channels managed by each Customer.
Third, the Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites or other digital properties, applications, services, products or software (“Third Party Services”) even if they link to or from directly.com or the Services, or any other third-party products, services or businesses such as our Customers (as described below).
Accordingly, in each of these circumstances you should review the privacy practices of those independent third-parties carefully.
 2.
Data Collected

2.1.
Experts and Registration for a Directly Account. We collect Personal Data in different ways.
You can visit Directly.com and certain subdomains without registering, but to become an authorized Expert eligible to respond to requests and submit Expert Content, you will need to create an account with Directly (“Directly Account”) and submit the following types of Personal Data: legal name, email address and/or mobile phone number, a personal “headshot” photo, physical mailing address, birthdate, verification phone number, and government identification (“Expert Registration Information”).
Experts also have the option to create a user profile containing a description why they should be considered a “team expert,” as well as top skills and language abilities.
We use elements of the Expert Registration Information to verify your identity, combat fraud and keep our Services, Experts, Customers and partners secure.
By registering for a Directly account, you authorize us and/or our Third-Party Providers to verify Registration Information, including your identity.
As described in our Terms, Directly or Customers may impose additional terms and duties for your eligibility (“Supplemental Terms”).&nbsp;You will be given an opportunity to review and consent to such Supplemental Terms.
For example, where a Customer or applicable data protection law requires special expert certification measures, and subject to your consent, Experts may be asked to provide additional Personal Data relating to professional background.

2.2.
Log and Usage Information. We also collect other types of Data, which may be construed as Personal Data in certain jurisdictions, including the following: website usage information such as how you’ve used our Services, IP address, and other technical data such as browser type, unique device identifiers and information, language preference, referring site and the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information.
approximate location data (from IP address).
information regarding interactions with directly.com, such as comments, poll responses.
and other information you may provide such as contact form submissions.


 2.3.
Cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes such as site visitation.
We use first party and third-party cookies for several different purposes.
Some cookies are required for technical reasons to operate our Services.
Other cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Services.
For example, Directly uses first party cookies to keep track of the specific directly.com webpages or Services you visit to determine which are the most popular or most used.
Third parties serve third party cookies through our website for advertising, analytics and other purposes.
These third parties may use information about your visits to directly.com and other websites to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services that you may be interested in.
They may also employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements.
Information about cookies is available at https://www.aboutcookies.org.
Many web browsers allow you to manage your preferences.
You can set your browser to refuse cookies or delete certain cookies.
You may be able to manage other technologies in the same way that you manage cookies using your browser’s preferences.
Please note that if you choose to block cookies, doing so may impair the Services or prevent certain elements of it from functioning.
On your mobile device, you may also have a “Limit Ad Tracking” setting (on iOS devices) or a setting to “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” (on Android), which allows you to limit the use of information about your use of apps for purposes of serving ads targeted to your interests.

2.4.
Data Collected by Third Parties. We also acquire Data and Personal Data that certain third-party providers (each a “Third-Party Provider”) collect from you to update or supplement the Data and Personal Data you provide, or we collect automatically.
If you access our Services from a Third-Party Provider in connection with services such as the Apple App Store, Google Play, Salesforce App Store, or another third-party app platform, you are subject to the privacy policies of the respective provider.
Our Services and associated technology also enable one or more Third-Party Providers of analytic services (e.g., Google Analytics) to collect this type of information (such as device identifiers) so we can analyze how our Services are used.
(We may also link with certain Third-Party Providers, such as Jumio, who link from our Service and collect personal data subject to its separate terms and privacy policy.) All Data and Personal Data collected by Third-Party Providers are governed by the respective provider’s terms of service and privacy policy.
 3.
Use and Retention 
3.1.
Personal Data Use. We and our Third Party Providers use Personal Data to: (i) provide our Services.
(ii) promote, analyze and improve our Services.
(iii) detect and prevent fraud, harmful or abusive conduct, or other harm to Experts, Customers, Directly and third parties.
Some examples of how we may use Personal Data include:

Creating your Directly Account,
Identifying you on our system, and verifying your actual identity and Registration Information, to ensure the security of our Services and enable you to send or respond to certain routed Tasks,
Responding to your inquiries, to administer and improve our website and Services,
Informing the applicable Customer of your relevant activity on the Services,
Providing technical support and respond to inquiries by Experts and Customers,
Soliciting input and feedback to improve and customize your Expert experience,
Informing you about new features, services, and programs on the Services,
Customizing your use of the Services and/or content, or other material that we may send to you from time to time,
Conducting aggregate analysis and develop business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions, and improve and report on the performance of our Services and business,
For audits, regulatory purposes, or compliance with industry standards,
Preventing or taking action against activities that are, or may be, in breach of our Terms, Privacy Policy or applicable law, including combating fraud, and
For any other purpose, provided we disclose this to you at the relevant time, and provided that you agree to the proposed use of your Personal Data.


 3.2.
Retention. Where Directly is processing and using your Personal Data, as permitted by law or under your consent, we will store your Personal Data (i) only for as long as is required to fulfil the purposes set out below, (ii) until you object to Directly’s use of your Personal Data (where Directly has a legitimate interest in using your Personal Data), or (iii) until you withdraw your consent (where you consented to Directly using your Personal Data).
However, where Directly is required by mandatory law to retain your Personal Data longer, or where your Personal Data is required for Directly to assert or defend against legal claims, we will retain your Personal Data until the end of the relevant retention period or until the claims in question have been settled.
Please note that we have a variety of obligations to retain Personal Data and Other Data, you provide to us, including to ensure that rewards and associated payments can be appropriately processed consistent with applicable law and our legal obligations.
Accordingly, even if you close your Directly Account, we may retain certain data to meet our obligations. 4.
Sharing and Disclosure

 4.1.
General. Directly does not sell or rent Personal Data to marketers or unaffiliated third parties.
Generally, we will share Personal Data collected by Directly with Third-Party Providers only in limited circumstances, including: (i) with your consent.
(ii) to an authorized Third-Party Provider who meets our data protection standards.
or (iii) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, such as pursuant to a subpoena or other legal process, or to enforce our Terms.

4.2.
Third-Party Providers. We share data with certain Third-Party Providers who help us provide the Services.
For example, certain Third-Party Providers help us with such activities as web-hosting and data analysis.
Currently, we use Amazon, for hardware, software, networking, and storage services which are necessary to operate our Website and Services.
We also share Personal Data with Third-Party Providers, such as merchants (e.g., PayPal), application providers (e.g., Lessonly), and identity verification providers (e.g.
Jumio) as necessary to process payments, qualify Experts, and provide the Services.
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, such Third-Party Providers are required not to use Personal Data other than to provide the specific services specified under written contract by Directly and for no other purposes.
Subject to the foregoing, you expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Data and Other Data with these Third-Party Providers for these limited purposes.

4.3.
Third Party Acquirer. If we merge with another company such that your Personal Data and Other Data will become subject to a materially different privacy policy, we’ll notify you before the transfer.
You can opt out of any new policy by deleting your account during the notice period.


4.4.
Experts. We disclose certain limited content of each request for Answers (e.g., non-personally identifiable usernames or first names of Experts).
We also share Other Data with Experts about their responses to Answers and the generation of Expert Content.

4.5.
Customer Users. We disclose the content of the responses to Answers (including the first name of the Expert who responded) to the Customer who generated the request for Answers (and to any subsequent Customer end users that pose a similar request).
When an Expert responds to requests for Answers by end users posted via the Services, certain limited and filtered Data contained in the Answer, such as non-personally identifiable user name(s), and the text of the response to the Answer will be shared by us with the Customer and other Personal Data (such as an Expert’s headshot or picture) will be accessible to certain authorized Customer end users.


4.6.
Usage Data. Directly will not use or disclose (except as expressly provided herein) the personal data of Experts, except to provide the Services as specified herein, but, except where prohibited by applicable law or legal duty, may use and disclose data about usage of the Services that does not identify or reasonably could be anticipated to be used to identify any individual user of the Services or otherwise constitute Personal Data (“Usage Data”).
We share Usage Data about our Website and Services with our business partners.
We reserve the right to use and disclose Usage Data for any purpose and to any third parties subject to the terms herein.

4.7.
Future Affiliates. Although we currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, “Affiliates”), we may in the future.
We may share some or all of your Personal Data with these Affiliates, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
If another company acquires our company or our assets, including pursuant to a bankruptcy or similar proceeding, that company will possess the Personal Data collected and stored by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.


4.8.
Legal Disclosures. We reserve the right to disclose your Other Data and Personal Data as required by law, in connection with any legal investigation, when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights (or those of other Users) and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, warrant, subpoena, or legal process served on us.


4.9.
Communications. Services/Services-related Announcements.
We will send you services-related announcements when it is necessary to do so.
For instance, if our Services are temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email or other communications.
App Notifications.
We may send you notifications on your mobile device.
You may disable these notifications in the settings of your device.
Customer Service.
Based upon the Personal Data you provide us, we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password.
We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your Directly Account.
We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your indicated preferences.
 5.
Choices and Rights 
5.1.
Opt-Out Choices. You have choices and access rights regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.
If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us going forward, you may opt-out via the unsubscribe link included in such emails.
If you wish to access, amend or delete any Personal Data we hold about you, or if you have any objection to the processing of any Personal Data that we hold about you, please contact us at privacy@directly.com.
If you ask us to delete your account (either via the Directly Account Settings page or by email), we will do so within a reasonable period of time, but we may need to retain some of your Personal Data in order to satisfy our legal obligations, or where we have a legitimate reason for doing so.
If your Personal Data changes, or if you no longer desire our Services, you may update it or deactivate your Directly Account by making the change in your account page, by emailing our Customer Support at hello@directly.com, or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
We may be required to keep your Data and not delete it (or to keep your information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements).
When we delete any Data, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.
After deactivation of your Directly Account and deletion of Data from the active database, we may continue to use and disclose your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you decide that you do not want us to use your Data in the manner described in the Privacy Policy, you may not use the Website or the Services.
If you have already registered an account, you can find out how to terminate or cancel your account, or correct, or delete your Data by emailing privacy@directly.com.


5.2.
Access Rights. Individuals located in certain countries, such as the European Union or EEA, have certain statutory rights in relation to their Personal Data.
Please read section 7.5 below carefully so you understand all your rights and how to exercise them.
 6.
Security
The security of your Personal Data is important to us.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

We urge you to take steps to keep your Personal Data safe (including your account password), and to log-out of your account after use.
If your Directly Account is hacked, this may lead to unauthorized access, so be careful to keep your account data secure.
You use our Website and Services at your own risk, and you’re responsible for taking reasonable measures to secure your account (like using a strong password).
 7.
Important Information for European Users

7.1.
Data Export and Processing. Our Services (including directly.com) are accessible globally.
We store and process Personal Data on servers located in the United States and we may transfer Personal Data (as defined under applicable law) to countries outside of your country of residence, which may have data protection laws that are different from those of the country where you reside.
However, we will take measures to ensure that any such transfers comply with applicable data protection laws and that your Personal Data remains protected to the standards described in this Privacy Policy.
By using Services, you consent to the transfer, storage and processing of your Personal Data in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law.


7.2.
Safeguards for Exports from EEA. If you are located in the EEA or Switzerland, we comply with applicable laws to provide an adequate level of data protection for the transfer of Personal Data.
Directly is certified under the EU-U.S.
and the Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework.
For more, see Directly’s Privacy Shield Policy.
You agree that Directly may transfer your Personal Data to countries other than the one in which you live.
We deploy the following safeguards when Directly transfers Personal Data originating from the European Union or Switzerland to other countries not deemed adequate under applicable data protection law: 




E.U.-U.S.
Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield. To comply with European Union and Swiss data protection laws, Directly self-certified under the E.U.-U.S.
Privacy Shield and the Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield.
These frameworks were developed to enable companies to comply with data protection requirements when transferring Personal Data from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield Program, please see http://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome.

European Union Model Clauses. Directly offers European Union Model Clauses, also known as Standard Contractual Clauses, to meet the adequacy and security requirements for our Customers that operate in the European Union, and other international transfers of Personal Data.
A copy of our standard data processing addendum, incorporating the Model Clauses, is available here.


7.3.
Legal Basis for Processing. If you are an individual residing in the EEA, we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable EU laws.
The legal bases depend on the specific aspects of the Services you use and how you use them.
This means we collect and use your information only where:



We need it to provide you with or operate the Services, including to provide customer support and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of the Services.

It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for anti-fraud protection or to protect our legal rights and interests;
You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose.
or
 We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.


If you have consented to our use of your Personal Data for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.
Where we are using your Personal Data because we or a third party have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Services or associated services.


7.4.
Identifying Data Controller and Data Processor and Different GDPR Roles. Data protection law in certain jurisdictions differentiates between the “controller” and “processor” of data.
It is important to note that Directly acts as both as a Data Controller and as a Data Processor within the realm of GDPR compliance: (a) As a Data Controller, Directly is responsible for safeguarding the data of our registered expert users as they interact directly with our marketplace platform and our visitors to directly.com.
(b) As a Data Processor, Directly is responsible for safeguarding the data of our Customer’s end users as it flows through our marketplace platform.
Each of Directly’s Customers is the controller of its end users’ personal data.
In this context Directly serves as the processor of such personal data under instructions from each controller.
Each Customer is also responsible for making sure that their respective Customer end user’s privacy rights are protected, including responding to data subject requests.
Directly will respond to such data subject requests from Customers and Customer end users as a Data Processor.
this means with respect to Personal Data of Customer end users, we must respond as a matter of law and contract through our Customer.
On the other hand, with respect to Experts, Directly serves as the controller of Expert Personal Data and will directly respond to data subject request rights from Experts.

7.5.
Access Rights. Individuals located in certain countries, including the European Economic Area, have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal data.
Subject to any exemptions provided by law, such individuals may have the right to request access to their Personal Data, as well as to seek to update, delete or correct this information.
They also have a right to restrict or object to processing and to data portability, where applicable.
We may be legally required or permitted to deny or part of your request and, if we do deny your request, we will endeavor to explain the reasons underlying our decision.


7.6.
Data Protection Authority and Representative. Subject to applicable law, you may also have the right to (i) restrict Directly’s use of certain data elements that constitute your Personal Data and (ii) lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority or the Irish Data Protection Commissioner, which is Directly’s lead supervisory authority in the European Union.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area and believe we maintain your Personal Data within the scope of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you may direct questions or complaints to our European GDPR representative.
To find the data protection authority in your country, please refer to this contact list.
Our GDPR Data Protection Representative is DPR group and can be contacted by sending an email to datainquiry@dpr.eu.com quoting “Directly Software Inc.” in the subject line.
 8.
California Users – Do Not Track Because there is no accepted standard on how to respond to Do Not Track signals, we respond to such signals.
 9.
Changes We may periodically update this Privacy Policy.
If we make any substantial changes, we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us (if any) and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the website and via Services, so it is visible when you visit and/or log-on to the website or Services for the first time after the change is posted.
Your continued use of the website or the Services after the changes have been posted shall constitute your acceptance of the changes.
If you do not agree to the updated Privacy Policy, you must cease your access and use of the websites and Services.
 10.
Contact Us &amp.
FAQs 
How do I contact Directly about questions or issues about my privacy? Any questions about this Privacy Policy or our practices with respect to your Data should be addressed to privacy@directly.com, or by mail to: Directly Software, Inc.
Attention Privacy, 333 Bryant Street, #250, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.


How does Directly and its Services Operate? As detailed in our Terms, Directly has entered into separate agreements with each Customer to govern the delivery, access and use of the Services including instructions for the processing of the personal data of their respective Customer end users.
Each Customer licenses Directly technology and configures their help desks to enable its Customer end users to post Tasks to the Services for routing to Experts.


What Role does Directly serve in Data Protection? It is important to note that Directly acts as both as a Data Controller and as a Data Processor within the realm of GDPR compliance: As a Data Controller, Directly is responsible for safeguarding the data of our Experts as they interact directly with our marketplace platform and our visitors to directly.com.
As a Data Processor, Directly is responsible for safeguarding the data of our Customers Users as it flows through our marketplace platform.


Who is my Data Controller? If you are a visitor to Directly.com or an Expert of the Services your Data Controller is Directly Software Inc., 333 Bryant Street, #250, San Francisco, CA 94107 USA.
If you are Customer User (i.e., an individual that posted a support Request via a Customer’s website or digital property, then the Data Controller of your personal data is your respective Customer and you should direct all questions about your Personal Data to that Customer.


What does Directly collect and do with my Personal Data? Directly will process your Personal Data as set out in this Privacy Policy.
The Data we collect depends on how You use our website and Services.
Sometimes, we receive Data directly from you, such as when you create a Directly Account to register as Expert, complete a form, or send us an email.
Other times, we collect Data by recording interactions with our Website or Services.
The collection and use of Data from a variety of sources is essential to our ability to provide the Services – and to help keep it trustworthy and secure.
Further information about our use of your Data and Personal Data can be found in Section 2 below.

Duration of processing of Personal Data. Where Directly is processing and using your Personal Data as permitted by law or under your consent, we will store your Personal Data (i) only for as long as is required to fulfil the purposes set out below, (ii) until you object to Directly’s use of your Personal Data (where Directly has a legitimate interest in using your Personal Data), or (iii) until you withdraw your consent (where you consented to Directly using your Personal Data).
However, where Directly is required by mandatory law to retain your Personal Data longer or where your Personal Data is required for Directly to assert or defend against legal claims, we will retain your Personal Data until the end of the relevant retention period or until the claims in question have been settled.
See Section 3.2, “Retention Period,” above.


Why am I required to provide Personal Data? As a general principle, your granting of any consent and your provision of any Personal Data hereunder is entirely voluntary.
there are generally no detrimental effects on you if you choose not to consent or to provide Personal Data.
However, there are circumstances in which we cannot take action without certain Personal Data, for example, because this Personal Data is required to process your registration or provide you with access to our Services.
In these cases, we cannot provide you with what you request without the relevant Personal Data.


Where will my Personal Data be processed? Directly is based and operates out of the United States.
As a consequence, whenever Directly is using or otherwise processing your Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, we may transfer your Personal Data to countries outside of the EEA, such as the United States, where such countries in which a statutory level of data protection applies that is not comparable to the level of data protection within the EEA.
See Section 7, “European Users,” above.


Data subjects’ rights. Data protection law in certain jurisdictions differentiates between the “controller” and “processor” of data.
Each Customer is the controller of its Customer end user’s Personal Data and in this context Directly serves as the processor of such personal data under instructions from each controller.
Each Customer is also responsible for making sure that their respective customers or end user’s privacy rights are protected, including responding to data subject requests.
Directly will respond to such data subject requests from Customer end users as a processor which means that it will contact and follow the advice of the controller Customer with respect to such requests.
With respect to Personal Data of Experts, Directly serves as the controller of such data and will respond to data subject request rights.
Please refer to Section 5 “Choices and Rights”, above, for additional information on your rights.
Experts can request information about the Personal Data Directly stores about you, and the correction or deletion of such Personal Data.
Please note, however, that we can delete your Personal Data only if there is no statutory obligation or prevailing right of Directly to retain it.
If you request that Directly delete your Personal Data, you will not be able to continue to use the Services that requires Directly’s use of your Personal Data.
See Section 5, “Choices and Rights,” above.


Right to lodge a complaint. If you believe that Directly is not processing your Personal Data in accordance with the requirements set out herein or applicable EEA data protection laws, you can at any time lodge a complaint with the data protection authority of the EEA country in which you live or our GDPR Data Protection Representative.
See Section 11 for Details.
 -Supplement to Directly Privacy Policy: E.U – U.S.
and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Policy-
Effective April 12, 2018.
Directly Software Inc.
(“Directly”, “we”, “our” or “us”) has subscribed to the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework (collectively, “Privacy Shield”).
Directly adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles including the Supplemental Principles, (collectively, the “Privacy Shield Principles”) for Personal Data received from entities in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) and Switzerland.
 This Privacy Shield Policy (“Privacy Shield Policy”) describes our privacy practices for Personal Data received from the EEA or Switzerland in reliance on the Privacy Shield.
This Privacy Shield Policy uses terms which are defined in our Privacy Policy.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Shield Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles as concerns the Personal Data received under the Privacy Shield, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern to the extent of the conflict.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program visit www.privacyshield.gov, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.

Privacy Shield Principles

1.
Notice and Choice. Our Privacy Policy describes how we use Personal Data we receive from different sources.
This Privacy Shield Policy describes how we process Personal Data covered by the Privacy Shield.

If you are a Customer, Directly may act as an agent for you in relation to the Personal Data that you provide or make available to Directly.
Directly usually does not have a relationship with any users or customers of our Customers and each Customer is responsible for ensuring that their users are provided with appropriate notice and choice with respect to their Personal Data.


2.
Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation. We only collect Personal Data that is relevant to providing our website and associated Services.
We process Personal Data in a way that is compatible with us providing the Services to you, or in other ways, for which we will provide you notification.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data received under the Privacy Shield is needed for Directly to provide its Services, and to ensure data is accurate, complete, and current.


3.
Accountability for Onward Transfers. Directly may disclose Personal Data to trusted third parties as indicated in the Privacy Policy.
Directly requires that its agents and service providers that have access to Personal Data within the scope of this Privacy Shield Policy provide the same level of protection as required by the Privacy Shield Principles.
We ensure that our agents process Personal Data received under the Privacy Shield in a manner consistent with our obligations under the Privacy Shield Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
We may need to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, for law enforcement or national security reasons, or when such action is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding or court order, or when otherwise required by law.


4.
Data Security. We use reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the nature of the Personal Data and the risks involved in processing that information.


5.
Access to Personal Data. Our Privacy Policy explains how you may access and/or submit requests to review, correct, update, suppress, or delete Personal Data.
You can ask to review and correct Personal Data that we maintain about you by sending a written request to privacy@directly.com.
We may limit or deny access to Personal Data where providing such access is unreasonably burdensome, expensive under the circumstances, or as otherwise permitted by the Privacy Shield Principles.
When Directly acts on behalf of its Customers, Directly will assist Users in responding to individuals exercising their rights under the Privacy Shield Principles.
If you are a user or customer of any Directly Customer, please contact the Customer directly with your request to access or limit the use or disclosure of your Personal Data.
If you contact us with the name of the Customer to which you provided your Personal Data, we will refer your request to that Customer and support them in responding to your access request.


6.
Recourse, Enforcement and Dispute Resolution. If you have any questions or concerns, please write to us at the address listed below.
We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Data in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles.
In the event we are unable to resolve your concern, you may contact JAMS, which provides an independent third-party dispute resolution body based in the United States, and they will investigate and assist you free of charge.
A binding arbitration option may also be available to you in order to address residual complaints not resolved by any other means.
Directly is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”).


7.
Contact Information.

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Shield Policy, please contact us by email at privacy@directly.com, or please write to the following address:
Directly Software, Inc.
Attention: Directly Legal
333 Bryant Street, #250, San Francisco, CA 94107


8.
Changes to this Privacy Shield Policy. This Privacy Shield Policy may be changed from time to time, consistent with the requirements of the Privacy Shield and in accordance with the process described in the Privacy Policy.
You can determine when this Privacy Shield Policy was last revised by referring to the “LAST REVISED &amp.
UPDATED” date at the top of this page.
 Expert Data Protection Addendum
This Directly Data Processing Addendum (the “DPA”) supplements, and is incorporated into, the Terms of Service (the “Terms”) between Directly and you as an Expert.
The parties agree as follows:
1.
Purpose and Scope.

1.1 Except as modified below, the Terms shall remain in full force and effect.
if there’s any conflict between this DPA and the Terms or any other agreement between the parties, the provisions of this DPA shall take precedence.


1.2 The European Union General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) requires all Experts to contractually undertake certain data protection commitments with respect to “Personal Data” (as defined below) they may Process on Directly’s behalf.
To ensure compliance with the GDPR, Experts must agree to the terms of this DPA.
2.
Definitions.
All capitalized terms used but not defined in this DPA shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms.


2.1 “Confidential Information” means the definition ascribed in the Terms (see Terms, Section 7, Confidential Information).

2.2 “Data Protection Laws” means (a) any applicable law with respect to any Personal Data to which Directly is subject and (b) European Data Protection Laws.


2.3 “Data Subject Request” means a data subject’s request to exercise that person’s rights under Data Protection Laws in respect of that person’s Personal Data, including, without limitation, the right to access, correct, amend, transfer, obtain a copy of, object to the Processing of, restrict the Processing of or delete such Personal Data.


2.4 “European Data Protection Laws” means the GDPR, Directive 2002/58/EC concerning the processing of personal data and the protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector (Directive on privacy and electronic communications), any national laws or regulations implementing the foregoing Directives, any applicable legislation of European Union Member States passed to implement the foregoing, and any other applicable data protection, privacy or data security laws or regulations in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, Switzerland, or any other applicable European jurisdiction, in each case, as they may be amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time.


2.5 “Expert” means a natural person who is a party to this DPA.


2.6 “Personal Data” means any information about an identified or identifiable natural person and any other “personal data” governed by applicable Data Protection Laws that Expert Processes in connection with the Expert’s performance of the Services.


2.7 “Privacy Shield” means the EU-U.S.
and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Frameworks established respectively by the European Commission and the United States Department of Commerce and the Swiss Administration and the United States Department of Commerce

2.8 “Process” means any operation or set of operations which is performed on Restricted Information or sets of Restricted Information, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.


2.9 “Restricted Information” refers collectively to “Confidential Information” and “Personal Data” of any source and includes any information Processed by Expert in connection with the Expert’s performance of the Services.


2.10 “Security Incident” means a reasonably suspected breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Data transmitted, stored or otherwise Processed.


2.11 “Services” means Expert’s authorized participation, activity and content on and through the platform Directly provides to its customers, including but not limited to, responses relating to tasks and questions about specific products and services for which the Expert is approved.
 3.
Your Data Protection Duties.
You acknowledge and agree to the following: 

3.1 You will Process Personal Data only in accordance with the Terms, Data Protection Laws and Directly’s written instructions communicated by Directly to you from time to time in writing.

3.2 Without limiting the generality of sub-section 3.1, you agree as follows: 

3.2.1 You will keep all Restricted Information in strictest confidence and will not copy, use, store, disclose or otherwise Process any Restricted Information except to perform the Services.


3.2.2 You will take appropriate technical and organizational measures (including but not limited to the Expert Standards (which are incorporated herein and may be updated by Directly from time to time)) to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of any computers or other systems that you use to perform the Services and protect against the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, any Restricted Information transmitted, stored or otherwise Processed.


3.2.3 You will only subcontract, delegate or engage any other individual or entity to assist with performance of the Services with the prior written approval of Directly, and pursuant to the completion of a prior data protection and security audit, the implementation of additional data protection and security safeguards and other such measures as Directly reasonably determines is necessary under applicable law.


3.2.4 You will only subcontract, delegate or engage any other individual or entity to assist with performance of the Services with the prior written approval of Directly, and pursuant to the completion of a prior data protection and security audit, the implementation of additional data protection and security safeguards and other such measures as Directly reasonably determines is necessary under applicable law.


3.2.5 You will make available to Directly all information necessary to demonstrate compliance with the obligations set forth in this DPA and the Data Protection Laws and to allow Directly to conduct audits, including inspections, of your compliance with the obligations set forth in this DPA.


3.2.6 If instructed by Directly, you agree to promptly notify Directly and cooperate to provide the circumstances underlying any receipt or access of Personal Data and to confirm you have promptly and permanently deleted any such Personal Data in your possession, together with any existing copies, unless directed otherwise.


3.2.7 If you receive any request, demand, or inquiry regarding Personal Data (“Personal Data Request”) other than from Directly, including, without limitation, any Data Subject Request or other request received from a regulator or other governmental body, you agree to NOT respond to any such Personal Data Request except in accordance with Directly’s written instructions or as otherwise required by the Data Protection Laws.


3.2.8 You will promptly and without undue delay cooperate, assist, and take such action as Directly may reasonably request to allow Directly to fulfil its obligations to Customers and their Data Subjects or under Data Protection Laws in respect of such a Personal Data Request, including, without limitation, meeting any deadlines imposed by such obligations.
You will notify Directly without undue delay and in no event later than 48 hours upon your becoming aware of a Security Incident, and provide Directly with sufficient information to allow it to meet any legal or contractual obligations to report the Security Incident.


3.2.9 You will cooperate with Directly and its authorized agents and representatives to take such reasonable steps as are directed by Directly to assist in the investigation, mitigation and remediation of any Security Incident.


3.2.10 You will provide reasonable assistance to Directly and its Customers with any data protection impact assessments, and prior consultations with Supervising Authorities or other competent data privacy authorities, which Directly or its Customer reasonably considers to be required by the Data Protection Laws.


3.2.11 You will immediately inform Directly, in writing, if in your opinion, an instruction violates Data Protection Laws.


 3.2.12 You agree to comply with the Privacy Shield principles set forth at www.privacyshield.gov and incorporated into our Privacy Policy and to take such actions and sign such documents (such as “Standard Contractual Clauses”) as Directly may request to ensure that a valid cross-border data transfer mechanism recognized by European Data Protection Laws covers the Processing of Personal Data contemplated by this DPA if required by European Data Protection Laws.
 4.
General Terms.

4.1 The parties to this DPA hereby submit to the choice of jurisdiction stipulated in the Terms with respect to any disputes or claims howsoever arising under this DPA, including disputes regarding its existence, validity or termination or the consequences of its nullity.


4.2 This DPA and all non-contractual or other obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by the laws of the country or territory stipulated for this purpose in Terms, or if different, the laws required to govern under European Data Protection Laws.


4.3 Directly may amend this DPA from time to time as is reasonably necessary to comply with Data Protection Laws and such amendments shall become binding upon giving Expert notice of such changes.


Careers
Company
Legal
Security
Privacy &amp.
Cookies
Expert log in
 