 DiscourseHosting 
FAQ
Pricing
Contact
Log In
 DiscourseHosting Privacy Policy 
Are you looking for a good Privacy Policy for your forum? Don’t copy this one – it’s for our hosting service.
Just go here.

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which DiscourseHosting.com collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://www.discoursehosting.com/ website (“Site”).
This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by DiscourseHosting.com.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.
Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, credit card information.
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us.
Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site.
Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience.
User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them.
User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
DiscourseHosting.com may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:

To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order.
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order.
It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.

How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others.
We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Changes to this privacy policy
DiscourseHosting.com has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time.
When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service.
If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site.
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
our contact page
https://www.discoursehosting.com/
Noldijk 135
2991 VJ Barendrecht
The Netherlands

This document was last updated on October 18, 2013

© Copyright 2013-2019 DiscourseHosting.com.
All Rights Reserved. "Discourse Forum" is a registered trademark of Civilized Discourse Construction Kit, Inc. We are not affiliated with Civilized Discourse Construction Kit in any way.

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
About Us
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are ok with that.Ok   DiscourseHosting 
FAQ
Pricing
Contact
Log In
 DiscourseHosting Terms of Service Usage
We provide you with a hosted Discourse forum and allow you a certain amount of data transfer and storage, depending on your plan.
In most cases, if you use our services consistently with our terms of Service, visitors to your web site will be able to download and view as much content from your site as they like.
However, in certain circumstances, our server processing power, server memory, or abuse controls could limit downloads from your site.
You will always be able to use as much data transfer as your account has.
You are allocated a monthly data transfer allowance.
This allowance varies depending on the hosting package you purchase.
Should your account pass the allocated amount we reserve the right to suspend the account until the start of the next allocation, suspend the account until more data transfer is purchased at an additional fee, suspend the account until you upgrade to a higher level of package, terminate the account and/or charge you an additional fee for the overages.
Note that we will always contact you first and discuss your options.
Unused transfer in one month cannot be carried over to the next month.
Payment and Renewal
By selecting a subscription plan you agree to pay DiscourseHosting the monthly or annual subscription fees for the service and additional usage fees indicated for that subscription plan.
Payments will be charged on the subscription start date and will cover the use of the service for a monthly or annual period as indicated.
Subscription fees are not refundable and are paid in advance of using such services.
Payment for Services will be made by a valid credit card accepted by DiscourseHosting, unless other payment arrangements have been made.
Upon forum creation you authorize DiscourseHosting to charge your credit card for such amounts according to your service usage.
DiscourseHosting reserves the right to change the payment terms and fees upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to you.
Unless otherwise stated in your subscription agreement, the subscription can be canceled by you at anytime.
No refunds are provided for unused service portion of the billing period following cancellation.
Unless you notify DiscourseHosting before the end of the applicable subscription period that you want to cancel your subscription, your subscription will automatically renew and you authorize us to collect the then-applicable annual or monthly subscription fee for the service (as well as any taxes) using any credit card or other payment mechanism we have on record for you.
The subscription can be canceled at any time in the Payments section of your site’s dashboard.

Availability and integrity
Your use of this service is at your sole risk.
Our backup service runs once a day, and one week of backups are kept.

We offer an uptime guarantee of 99.9%.
Any downtime over 0.1% will be refunded with a prorated fee based on actual downtime per month.
Our network and servers are monitored continuously, and are rarely down except for scheduled maintenance and hardware and software upgrades.

Limitation of Liability and Indemnification
DiscourseHosting shall not be responsible for any claimed damages, including incidental and consequential damages, which may arise from DiscourseHosting’ servers going off-line or being unavailable for any reason whatsoever.
Furthermore, DiscourseHosting shall not be responsible for any claimed damages, including incidental or consequential damages, resulting from the corruption or deletion of any web site from one of DiscourseHosting ‘ servers.
All damages shall be limited to the immediate termination of service.
Certain services provided by DiscourseHosting are resold.
Thus, certain equipment, routing, software and programming used by DiscourseHosting are not directly owned or written by DiscourseHosting.
Customer agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, save and hold DiscourseHosting harmless from any and all demands, liabilities, losses, costs and claims, including reasonable attorney’s fees asserted against DiscourseHosting, its agents, its customers, officers and employees, that may arise or result from any service provided or performed or agreed to be performed or any product sold by customer, its agents, employees or assigns.
Customer agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless DiscourseHosting against liabilities arising out of.
(1) any injury to person or property caused by any products sold or otherwise distributed in connection with DiscourseHosting.
(2) any material supplied by customer infringing or allegedly infringing on the proprietary rights of a third party.
(3) copyright infringement and (4) any defective products sold to customers from DiscourseHosting’s server.
Restrictions in Usage of our Service
We provide you with a hosted Discourse forum.
Our service may not be used as a means to carry out other activities that don’t have anything to do with forum hosting.
It may for instance not be used as a cheap file hosting service, or use it to spread other content like viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content.
Using our service to undermine or cause harm to a server or customer of DiscourseHosting is also strictly prohibited.

If you create an account on DiscourseHosting, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and forum, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the forum.
You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized uses of your forum, your account or any other breaches of security.

According to EU Directive 2000/31/EC we are obligated to prevent you from spreading any illegal content as soon as we’re made aware of it’s existence.
Changes to the TOS
DiscourseHosting reserves the right to amend any or all of the above policies, guidelines and disclaimer upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to you.
© Copyright 2013-2019 DiscourseHosting.com.
All Rights Reserved. "Discourse Forum" is a registered trademark of Civilized Discourse Construction Kit, Inc. We are not affiliated with Civilized Discourse Construction Kit in any way.

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
About Us
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are ok with that.Ok 