 About 
DIY TUBE Video Community&nbsp;offers revenue sharing for all.
Get paid to share videos, comment and interact with one another.
It all began with an idea to preserve videos in case YouTube broke down or started to close channels.
DIY Tube Video site was meant to be a backup of years of work.
The founder had about 2,000 videos on other platforms.
But why not open it up to other channels as well?
So DIY Tube Video Community was born.
The idea was to set up a platform with revenue sharing based on 50% of ad revenue shared with content creators.
But there was one big problem – you have to have a lot of traffic and many months behind you to be accepted by advertising companies.
DIY Tube Coins were minted to fill that gap.
Members of the DIY Tube Video community get paid in DIY Tube Coins for minutes viewed on their videos, comments and thumbs up.
These coins are based on the Ethereum Blockchain so they are 100% compatible with existing Ethereum wallets.
This means that anyone can easily store their DIY Tube Coin earnings in an Ethereum wallet.
This also means that members can sell their DIYT coins for Ethereum with ease.
Since the beginning, the DIY Tube Video team itself has grown to include financial backing, a developer, beta tester, videographers and more.
&nbsp;

Payment Schedule

100 comments = 1 DIYT
100 thumbs up = 1 DIYT
1,000 video views = 10 DIYT
&nbsp;
DIY Tube Coins can be broken up into 18 decimal points.
This allows fractional payments based on your community interaction.
It also allows flexibility as DIY Tube Coins go up in value.
Thumbs up minus thumbs down are used to calculate your payment along with total comments and video views divided by percentage of minutes watched per video.
Computer algorithms keep track of your earnings and also prevent spam and fraud.
Here are some earnings examples:
1,000 video views at 70% of minutes watched = 7 DIYT
80 comments = 0.8 DIYT
100 thumbs up – 25 thumbs down = 0.75 DIYT
Total earnings = 8.55 DIYT Coins
&nbsp;

Extra Rewards

Community members can also earn rewards for turning in suspected abuse, spam, plagiarism and copy/paste of comments and video content.
This will help keep the community clean and further increase community member earnings.
&nbsp;

Use Of DIY Tube Coins

DIY Tube Coins can be saved for their future investment value, traded for Ethereum, sold on coin exchanges or invested back into the community for perks.
Upon initial release of DIY Tube Coins and integration into the video community site, DIYT is valued at $0.10 per coin.
Future ad revenue from DIY Tube Video community will be invested back into the community to further increase earnings of our members.
There was a total of only 249 million DIY Tube Coins minted.
This allows enough coins to be used on the community pages but also increases their value due to their limited number.
As more DIYT are purchased and saved for their investment value, the number of coins in circulation will be reduced, further increasing their value.
This will also increase community member earnings.
In order to keep enough coins in circulation for the DIY Tube Video community, payments for video interaction will be capped at $10 worth of DIYT per 1,000 video views.
That is two times the amount ever paid out by any other site in this field.
At that point, as the coins continue to rise in value, payments will continue in fractions of a coin up to the $10 value cap.
This must be set in place in order to retain enough coins for circulation or the DIY Tube Video Community would come to a halt.
Individual’s coin values will continue to rise as well, allowing them to also cash in on the capital gains.
DIYT Coins can also be used to promote a channel or a single video.
This allows members to gain more exposure on their channel as well as keep more coins in circulation in the community.
Promotions can be run for an hour, a day, a week or a month.
Promotions are listed based on the amount of DIYT Coins spent and the length of time selected.
Pages for promoted videos and promoted channels are linked to the homepage to allow members to browse through them.
Advertisers can purchase DIY Tube Coins and use them as payment for ads run on the DIY Tube Video homepage.
Advertisers can also self promote by setting up a video channel, uploading videos and promoting their own videos on the homepage.
Opening up DIY Tube Coins to advertisers further increases their value and price on the open market.
These gains will be seen by the community members who hold DIY Tube Coins.
&nbsp;

Welcome to DIY Tube Video Community


Get paid for doing what you enjoy!
   Terms Of Service DIY TUBE Terms and Conditions
&nbsp;
Please read these terms and conditions (“terms”, “terms and conditions”) carefully before using www.diytube.video website (the “service”) operated by DIY TUBE (“us”, ‘we”, “our”).
&nbsp;

Conditions of Use

We will provide the services to you, which are subject to the conditions stated below in this document.
Every time you visit this website, use its services or make a purchase, you accept the following conditions.
This is why we urge you to read them carefully.
The use of DIY Tube Video websites means you accept these terms.
If you do not agree to these terms, do not use DIY Tube Video websites.
Content found in DIY Tube Video Community may be found to be offensive or disagreeable to some members.
DIY Tube cannot be held responsible for the content uploaded by its members.
Use of the DIY Tube software implies acceptance of all terms and releases DIY Tube from any and all liability arising from the use of this site and its contents.
Viewers are advised to use discretion when viewing content found on DIY Tube Video site.
Content has to be free of software viruses, pornography, extreme violence or extremely bloody videos.
We reserve all rights (but not the obligation) to remove and/or edit such content.
DIY Tube cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, safety, usefulness or originality of any content found on the site.
You agree not to access or play back any content provided by DIY Tube outside of the DIY Tube Video Community software or apps provided by DIY Tube.
By the use of this site you hereby waive any legal rights or remedies you may have against DIY Tube Video Community and its partners.
You also agree to hold harmless, to the extent permitted by law, DIY Tube Video Community and its partners and associated websites, regarding any and all matters related to your use of DIY Tube Video Community.&nbsp;By the use of this website you release us from all liability afforded to us under state and federal laws.
&nbsp;

Links To Third Party Websites

DIY Tube Video Community may contain links to third party websites not associated with DIY Tube.
DIY Tube Video Community has no control over outside websites or content.
This includes advertisements, links in video descriptions, video ads or other types of outside links.
DIY Tube Video Community cannot be held responsible for any type of content shown by third party links or advertisers.
By using DIY Tube Video Community you hereby release DIY Tube from all liability arising from the use of outside websites.
&nbsp;

Privacy Policy

Before you continue using our website we advise you to read our privacy policy Privacy Policy regarding our user data collection.
It will help you better understand our practices.
Agreement to these terms includes agreement to our privacy policy.
&nbsp;

Copyright

DIY Tube Video Community websites, software, logos, videos, graphics and audio are the property of DIY Tube Video and are protected by copyright law.
Download or copying in whole or in part of any DIY Tube Video Community properties are strictly forbidden without prior written consent and approval.
Content published on this website (digital downloads, images, texts, graphics, logos) is the property of DIY TUBE and/or its content creators and protected by international copyright laws.
The entire compilation of the content found on this website is the exclusive property of DIY TUBE and content creators, with copyright authorship for this compilation held by their respective owners.
Simply stated, all content belongs to the original content creator.
Content creators retain all rights and ownership to their content at all times.
This includes copyright protection.
Visitors may post content as long as it is not obscene, illegal, defamatory, threatening, infringing of intellectual property rights, invasive of privacy or injurious in any other way to third parties.
When you post your content, you grant DIY TUBE non-exclusive, royalty-free and irrevocable right to use, reproduce, publish, modify such content throughout the world in any media.
Note that this will only occur for the purpose of marketing or training videos for DIY Tube video and if your media is on the page being shown at that time.
Members found violating the copyright privileges of another member may be warned or removed from the community site without notice.
This includes full or partial copies of videos, audio, graphics or logos.
Spoofs and parodies using original content which is made without the express written permission of the content owner are in violation of these terms.
Videos found to be in violation of these terms are subject to removal by the DIY Tube Video team without notice.
It is the express liability of the channel owner to ensure the content they upload is original and not plagiarized.
DIY Tube Video Community will be held exempt from liability of any content found on the site.
Members will have a reporting and reward system in place for turning in suspected copyright material or plagiarism.
DIY Tube Video Community will do its best to help out in such circumstances but will not be held liable for any legal repercussions arising from copyright violations by members of the site.
Comments written on DIY Tube become the property of DIY Tube and are subject to the rules and regulations of DIY Tube Video Community.
DIY Tube will not misuse or abuse content you write in the comments but we reserve the right to filter out abuse, slander, excessive use of vulgar language or other content deemed undesirable.
Spam or blatant marketing in the comments will be filtered out by the DIY Tube Video Community, automated software or its members.
Members reserve the right to accept or remove any comments written on their video or channel space.
See more under the section labeled “Comments, Reviews and Emails”.
&nbsp;

Communications

The entire communication with us is electronic.
Every time you send us an email or visit our website, you are going to be communicating with us.
You hereby consent to receive communications from us.
If you subscribe to the news on our website, you are going to receive regular emails from us.
We will continue to communicate with you by posting news and notices on our website and by sending you emails.
You also agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements and other communications we provide to you electronically meet the legal requirements that such communications be in writing.
&nbsp;

Applicable Law

By visiting this website, you agree that the laws of the State of Michigan, without regard to principles of conflict laws, will govern these terms and conditions, or any dispute of any sort that might come between DIY Tube and you, or its business partners and associates.
&nbsp;

Disputes

Any dispute related in any way to your visit to this website or to products you purchase from us shall be arbitrated by state or federal court of Michigan and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.
&nbsp;

Comments, Reviews, and Emails

Comments made on a video or channel may be removed or edited by DIY Tube Video Community, its automated software or community members.
Video reviews made by members of DIY Tube are the exclusive opinion of the content creator and not of DIY Tube Video Community.
DIY Tube cannot be held liable for any content uploaded through its software.
Members may have the ability to send emails, notifications or other types of communication their subscribers.
This allows members to send updates of important changes or new uploads.
This functionality may be removed in the future without notice.
Members should keep in mind that abuse of this function will cause a reduction in their subscriber count.
Use or abuse of this system is solely the responsibility of the channel owner.
DIY Tube will not be held responsible for abuse made by individual members of the community.
&nbsp;

License and Site Access

We grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website.&nbsp;Content in DIY Tube Video Community is provided “AS – IS” with no warranty or guaranty of functionality.
We cannot be held responsible for loss of functionality, loss of data or temporary interruptions in the service.
The software which makes up DIY Tube Video Community websites is the exclusive property of DIY Tube.
Downloading, altering or reverse compiling all or any part of the DIY Tube Video Community software is in violation of the law and expressly forbidden.
DIY Tube reserves the right to change, add or remove any feature of the website at any time, without notice.
&nbsp;

User Account

If you are an owner of an account on this website, you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your private user details (username and password).
You are responsible for all activities that occur under your account or password.
Do not give out or share your private account information to others.
You may be held responsible for damages occurring from the misuse or abuse of your account.&nbsp;You must notify DIY Tube Video Community immediately of any improper use of/or breach in your account.
We reserve all rights to terminate accounts, edit or remove content and cancel orders at our sole discretion.
&nbsp;

Optional Personal Information

The following information is optional and is not required to sign up for an account.
Members may continue to use their account freely, as long as they like, without entering the following personal information.
The extended personal information will be required in order to receive payments in the future.
In order to receive payments, members will have to maintain current and valid personal information including full name, address and email.
This is in order for DIY Tube Video Community to comply with all federal and local tax laws for each country in which a member resides.
As with any site which pays its members, some personal information is required for payment purposes.
It is the member’s responsibility to maintain up to date personal information in their account.
DIY Tube Video Community cannot be held responsible for lost or missing payments due to incorrect personal information.
&nbsp;

Rewards And Payments

At some point in the near future, DIY Tube hopes to be able to share revenue with community members.
Plans are in place for the insertion of in stream video advertising which will generate revenue for DIY Tube Video Community.
For this reason each member is responsible for maintaining their personal information and protecting their passwords and usernames.
Rewards should be treated as money due to their potential value in the future and for use inside the community.
Members are rewarded for video views, comments and thumbs up on both their comments and their videos.
Rewards are given out every 24 hours inside the DIY Tube Video Community.
DIY Tube Video Community will take every precaution to protect its members personal information and rewards.
DIY Tube cannot be held liable for loss of data or theft due to hacked accounts or weak passwords.
DIY Tube Video Community reserves the right to close any account found violating these terms and conditions, including the freezing of assets or returning any earned rewards to the community pool wallet.
This will only happen under extreme circumstances and after multiple fair warnings.
Frozen accounts will be retained for a period of time in order to allow the member to later return after a suspension.
Only after multiple warnings and suspensions for violation of these terms will an account be fully closed and its funds returned to the pool.
This is an extreme situation and not the norm.
DIY Tube Video Community reserves the right to immediately terminate an account without warning for the protection of the community as a whole, if needed.
This situation could occur, for example, when a member uploads copyrighted materials and DIY Tube receives a copyright complaint from the original content owner.
Although no guaranty can be made about revenue sharing, we hope to grow this community together and share the wealth when possible.
Rewards in the community are a sort of potential IOU for the future as the community grows.
DIY Tube Video Community cannot predict the future nor guaranty success and can therefore make no promises.
We can, at this time, only offer this hope that as we grow together, we can all share the wealth in the future.
Together we can grow the value of the DIY Tube Video Community and the value of DIY Tube rewards by uploading videos, commenting, interacting and spreading the word.
As the community grows, so will its value.
No guaranty of payment will be made at this time, nor can it be guaranteed in the future.
The success of the community depends on its overall growth and future income.
Rewards are not a guaranty of payment in any way, shape or form at this time.
Rewards are useful inside the community for purchasing perks and upgrades, trading and tipping others for a good video.
Other uses for internal rewards and more perks are planned for the future as well as an internal store where members will be able to purchase items with their rewards.
&nbsp;

Spam, Plagiarism, Harassment or Abuse

Spam, plagiarism, or other copyright violations will not be tolerated.
Videos portraying parodies of another member of the DIY Tube Video Community will be removed without notice.
Harassment, trolling or other related behavior is not acceptable and may get your account suspended.
Copy/paste comments will be removed without notice by the DIY Tube team.
&nbsp;

Freedom Of Speech

DIY Tube Video Community supports the freedom of speech as long as that freedom does not impinge on another member’s freedom.
Members are free to upload content or leave comments as long as they do not violate the terms and conditions in this contract.
Channel owners and video owners reserve the full right to modify, filter or delete any comments or content on their own channel which they deem unfit or in violation of their own freedom.
In the DIY Tube Video Community the freedom of speech does NOT imply the ability to slander, harass or otherwise violate the freedom of another member of the community.
Simply stated: Your freedom ends when it impinges on another member’s freedom or rights.
A channel is a member’s personal space.
Consider this: If you came to my house and spray painted vulgar obscenities about my family on my house – do I not have the right to remove it?
DIY Tube is intended to be a family oriented community and all state and federal laws apply.
&nbsp;

Other

Violation of any of these terms may result in termination of your account.
We reserve the right to amend or modify these terms without prior notice.
Although the DIY Tube Video team will attempt to contact members about major changes to these terms, there is no guaranty we can reach everyone due to a full inbox, incorrect email addresses or other issues.
It is the responsibility of the individual to read these terms and check back from time to time for updates.   Privacy Policy DIY TUBE Privacy Policy
&nbsp;

Personal Information

Browsing DIY TUBE You can watch videos on DIY TUBE without having a DIY TUBE Account.
You also can contact us through the DIY TUBE Help Center or by emailing us directly without having to register for an account.
Your DIY TUBE Account.
For some activities on DIY TUBE, like uploading videos, posting comments, flagging videos, or watching restricted videos, you need a DIY TUBE account.
We ask for some personal information when you create an account, including your email address and a password, which is used to protect your account from unauthorized access.
Usage Information.
When you use DIY TUBE, we may record information about your usage of the site, such as the channels, groups and favorites you subscribe to, which other users you communicate with, the videos you watch, the frequency and size of data transfers, and information you display about yourself as well as information you click on in DIY TUBE (including UI elements, settings).
If you are logged in, we may associate that information with your DIY TUBE Account.
In order to ensure the quality of our service to you, we may place a tag (also called a “web beacon”) in HTML-based customer support emails or other communications with you in order to confirm delivery.
Content Uploaded to Site.
Any personal information or video content that you voluntarily disclose online (e.g., video comments, your profile page) may be collected and used by others.
We will not be responsible for any personal information you post publicly.
We will not be responsible for any harassment or misuse of information you post publicly on DIY TUBE.

Uses

If you submit personal information to DIY TUBE, we may use that information to operate, maintain, and improve the features and functionality of DIY TUBE, and to process any flagging activity or other communication you send to us.
We do not use your email address or other personal information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent.
We may use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major DIY TUBE changes or for customer service purposes).
You also can choose how often DIY TUBE sends you email updates in your DIY TUBE Account settings page.
We may use cookies, web beacons, and log file information to: (a) store information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit DIY TUBE.
(b) provide custom, personalized content and information.
(c) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
(d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed.
and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in promotions, sweepstakes, and contests.

Information That is Publicly Available

When you create a DIY TUBE Account, some information about your DIY TUBE Account and your account activity will be provided to other users of DIY TUBE.
This may include the date you opened your DIY TUBE Account, the date you last logged into your DIY TUBE Account, your age (if you choose to make it public), the country and the number of videos you have watched.
Your DIY TUBE Account name, not your email address, is displayed to other users when you engage in certain activities on DIY TUBE, such as when you upload videos or send messages through DIY TUBE.
Other users can contact you by leaving a message or comment on the site.
Any videos that you submit to DIY TUBE may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by other DIY TUBE users or the general public.
You may also choose to add personal information which may include your name, gender, profile picture or other details, that will be visible to other users on your DIY TUBE Account channel page.
If you choose to add certain features to your DIY TUBE Account channel page, then these features and your activity associated with these features will be displayed to other users and may be aggregated and shared with your friends or other users.
Such shared activity may include your favorite videos, videos you rated and videos that you have uploaded.

Your Choices

If you have a DIY TUBE Account, you may update or correct your personal profile information, email preferences and privacy settings at any time by visiting your account profile page.
You may control the information that is available to other users and your confirmed friends at any time by editing your DIY TUBE Account and the features that are included on your channel page.
If you have enabled Active Sharing, other users may see that you, as identified by your account name, not your email address, are watching the same video.
You may, of course, decline to submit personal information through DIY TUBE, in which case you can still view videos and explore DIY TUBE, but DIY TUBE may not be able to provide certain services to you. 