 
Last Edited November 25th, 2019
 Our Code of Conduct and your pledge to be an upstanding member of the Dribbble community.

 I will upload only work that I’ve created Share your own work on Dribbble.

Don’t post others’ work.

Don’t take credit for others’ work.
Don’t post copyrighted or trademarked content.


 I will upload design work Dribbble is a place to upload what you’re currently working on and portfolio quality work.
With updates to Dribbble’s increased file size and file formats, Dribbble members should be thoughtful about the design work they upload.

Don’t share content that you would share on a video-sharing platform—including promotional videos, commercials, and tutorials.
Video uploads should be used for animation, motion design, 3D explorations, UI/UX prototypes, and design work of this nature.
Don’t share showreels—let your collective shots tell the story of your work.
If you’re using audio to enhance your shot, please use it thoughtfully.
Make sure you have permission before using audio that's copyrighted or stick to audio that's under creative commons.

If your shot violates these guidelines, it will be removed from Dribbble.
Note: Per our Terms of Service, Dribbble has final say over whether content is appropriate.

 I won’t post inappropriate content Dribbble aspires to be a welcoming and inclusive community.
Please don’t post content that is:

Illegal
Pornographic, mature in content, or gratuitously or overly sexual [1]

Racist, sexist, or otherwise offensive
Shockingly graphic, grotesque, or obscene
Inflammatory (e.g.
name-calling, preaching, ranting, stirring up controversy, or venting frustrations)


[1]
We realize that nudity can be a gray area.
We aim to keep Dribbble PG-13 and shots violating this guideline will be removed at Dribbble’s discretion.

If you post inappropriate content, it may be removed by Dribbble per our Terms of Service.
Dribbble has final say over whether content is appropriate. If you repost content that’s been removed or continue to post content that violates these guidelines your account may be suspended or removed.
If you notice a Dribbble member posting inappropriate content, flag the shot or report it by contacting us.


 I will follow the following guidelines for my Pro profile 
Do not include an email address or website url in the masthead description or image on your profile (including the use of special characters)
Do not include any profanity, offensive or hurtful language in the masthead description or image of your profile.&nbsp;
Do not post known false information including onsite statistics, follower counts or other misleading information
Do not include any inappropriate content in the masthead image on your profile.
Inappropriate content includes text and images that are:&nbsp.

Illegal
Pornographic, mature in content, or gratuitously or overly sexual [1]

Racist, sexist, or otherwise offensive
Shockingly graphic, grotesque, or obscene
Inflammatory (e.g.
name-calling, preaching, ranting, stirring up controversy, or venting frustrations)


[1]
We realize that nudity can be a gray area.
We aim to keep Dribbble PG-13 and shots violating this guideline will be removed at Dribbble’s discretion.



If you post inappropriate content, it may be removed by Dribbble per our Terms of Service.
Dribbble has final say over whether content is appropriate. If you repost content that’s been removed or continue to post content that violates these guidelines your account may be suspended or removed.

 I won’t spam other Dribbble Members Dribbble provides many features that allow users to interact with one-another, including messages.
Please don’t use these tools indiscriminately to spam or send unsolicited messages to other members.
If you’re caught spamming other Dribbble members, your account may be suspended or removed.

What do we consider spam?


Using likes, follows, and other disingenuous social gestures to draw attention to your account
Linking to your own work in comments on other members’ shots
Asking for likes and/or follows in exchange for a Dribbble invitation
Leaving many comments that are short on substance to draw attention to your account
Misusing site features and functionality in a way that isn’t in line with their core purpose for personal gain

If you see a Dribbble member spamming others, report it by contacting us.


 I won’t use Dribbble invitations to draw attention to my own account 
Invitations should not be used as prizes for contests, but given genuinely based on your interest in following someone’s work
Invitation contests that require or suggest likes and follows for entry is prohibited
Dribbble’s invitation system aims to increase the number of talented designers and interesting work on Dribbble—not to draw attention to your profile
Please do not attempt to sell or buy Dribbble invitations or pursue fake follows on Dribbble


 Your account may be suspended or removed if you engage in activity that violates these guidelines.



 I will give due credit If your work is inspired by other work on Dribbble, make sure to give credit.
You can do this by mentioning the Dribbble member or creating a Rebound.
Know that work that’s inspired by others may be interpreted as stolen.

If you’re the owner of work that has been posted on Dribbble without your consent, please review our Copyright Policy.
Please link back to Dribbble when posting Dribbble content elsewhere.

 I will be constructive in my feedback When providing criticism or feedback to other Dribbble members—be helpful, not mean.

 I will use messages to contact Dribbble members about serious work inquires only When sending a message to a designer, please follow these guidelines:

Your message must be a work inquiry regarding a design job or project.
Please personalize the messages you send—don’t send boilerplate messages.
They tend to feel impersonal and lack the detail necessary to be appealing.
This means you should use their name, provide a brief description of the work or job for which you’re hiring, and any details you find compelling about the designer’s work on Dribbble.
Please make sure the designer you’re contacting is a good fit for your job or project as indicated by the work, bio and skills on their profile.
Many designers also declare the type work in which they’re interested on the message form—so make sure your message conforms with their stated preferences.
Have a specific job or project in mind when contacting a designer.
Don’t ask if someone is generally looking for new opportunities or if anyone they know is looking for new opportunities.

Please don’t message designers to ask for an invitation.
Your messaging privileges will be revoked


 I recognize that personal accounts are only to be used for posting my personal work All work posted under an individual player account represents that account holders personal work and not the work of a team, collective, community or any other group of individuals.
If you would like to share work created by a team, create a Team account.

 I recognize that Team accounts are for design agencies and in-house design teams When creating a Team account please follow these guidelines:

The Team account represents an agency or in-house design team
You are not selling, offering, promoting or receiving compensation of any kind in exchange for seats on your Team account
Each person invited to your team works as part of said agency or in-house design team
You are not using your Team profile to spam the Dribbble community (See Guideline #4)


 Failure to follow these guidelines will result in your messaging privileges being suspended or revoked.



 I recognize that the Project Board is for appropriate projects for individuals seeking a freelance or contract designer When posting a project to the Project Board, please follow these guidelines:

The projects there are intended for individual hiring needs, not those of companies or agencies.
For those we recommend the job board.
As with content noted above, please don’t post inappropriate projects

If you post an inappropriate project, it may be removed by Dribbble per our Terms of Service.
Dribbble has final say over whether content is appropriate.
If you repost content that’s been removed or continue to post content that violates these guidelines your account may be suspended or removed.
If you notice a Dribbble member posting inappropriate projects, please report it by contacting us.


   Updated June 21, 2019
This Terms of Service (the “Terms”) describes the rights and responsibilities that apply to your use of Dribbble’s websites, services, and mobile app (collectively, the “Service”), each owned and operated by Dribbble Holdings Ltd.
(“Dribbble”, “we”, “our” or “us”).
Please read the Terms carefully before using the Service.
If you don’t agree to the Terms, as well as Dribbble’s Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) and Dribbble’s Community Guidelines (the “Community Guidelines”), you may not use the Service.
If you are entering into the Terms on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to the Terms.
If you do not have such authority, you must not accept the Terms or use the Service on behalf of such entity.
The Service is only available to you if you have entered the age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence and are fully able and competent to enter into, abide by and comply with the Terms.



Your Dribbble Account. If you create an account on the Service (your “Account”), you are responsible for maintaining the security of your Account and its Content (as defined below), and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Account and any other actions taken on the Service.
You must not describe or assign Content to your Account in a misleading or unlawful manner, including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and Dribbble may change or remove any description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise likely to cause Dribbble liability.
You must immediately notify Dribbble of any unauthorized uses of your Account or any other breaches of security.
Dribbble will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
For paid Accounts (each, a “Paid Account”), Dribbble deems the person under whose name appears on the credit or charge card or other payment method that pays the charges for the Service to be the owner of the Paid Account.
If a corporate or other organization’s name appears on the credit or charge card or other payment method, that corporation or organization is deemed to be the owner.
If any dispute arises as to who owns or controls a Paid Account, your most recently provided payment method will continue to be charged and you will be responsible to pay for the Service until Dribbble receives written confirmation from the Paid Account email address confirming a change in ownership and control of the Paid Account.



Fees and Renewals. Pricing for Paid Accounts will be provided at the time of purchase.
Unless otherwise set out at the time of purchase or as agreed to by Dribbble, fees for a Paid Account will be billed in advance for each year and are non-refundable.
There will be no refunds or credits for partial months of service or for periods in which your Paid Account remains open but you do not use the Service.
We reserve the right to modify our billing rates at any time upon thirty (30) days written notice by posting such fee changes to the Service or through email notification to you.
You will be liable to pay such modified billing rates.
Subject to your payment of applicable fees for a Paid Account, we will provide the Service to you for the period of time that you have paid for such Service (the “Subscription Period”).
At the end of the Subscription Period, your Paid Account subscription will automatically renew for an additional Subscription Period until it is expressly cancelled by you as described in the “Termination” section below.
If you purchase any fee-based Service, you agree that our third party payment gateways, such as Stripe and Paypal, may store your credit or charge card or other payment information.
You expressly agree that we are authorized to charge you (i) a fee for any applicable Service for which you have subscribed, billed on a basis of the Subscription Period, (ii) any other fees for the Service you may purchase, (iii) any charges for use of the Service in excess of the usage or other limits placed on your use of the Service (and you hereby consent to such charges and agree we are not required to notify you of any such charge in advance) and (iv) any applicable taxes in connection with your use of the Service to the credit or charge card you provide and to reimburse us for all collection costs and interest for any overdue amounts.
If the credit or charge card you provide expires and you do not provide new credit or charge card information or cancel your Account, you authorize us to continue billing you and you agree to remain responsible for any uncollected fees.
You take full responsibility for all taxes and fees of any nature associated with the Service, including any sales tax related to any purchase or sale of services or goods under the Terms.
When purchasing or selling services or goods under the Terms, it is your responsibility to determine whether or not sales taxes apply to a transaction and to collect, report and remit the correct amounts to the appropriate authority.



Your Responsibilities. If you operate an Account, comment on a screenshot, post material to the Service, post links on the Service, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of the Service (any such material, “Content”), you are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content.
That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text or graphics.
By making Content available, you represent and warrant that:

the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;
you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
the Content does not contain or install any viruses or other harmful or destructive content;
the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
the Content is not obscene, libelous or defamatory, hateful or racially or ethnically objectionable, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;
your Account is not getting advertised via unwanted electronic messages such as spam links on newsgroups, email lists, other blogs and web sites, and similar unsolicited promotional methods;
your Account is not named in a manner that misleads your readers into thinking that you are another person or company.
For example, your Account’s URL or name is not the name of a person other than yourself or company other than your own.
and
you have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorized and/or described the type, nature, uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by Dribbble or otherwise.

By uploading Content or otherwise providing Content to Dribbble, you grant Dribbble the right to use (including the right to host, index, cache and format) and display your Content in connection with providing the Service as well as otherwise on the Site and our marketing communications with you and other users and prospective users of the Service, including without limitation on our emails, marketing channels and other promotional materials (subject to the requirements set out in the Privacy Policy).
To the extent we use your Content in our marketing communications, unless you expressly permit us to do otherwise, we will always cite you as the owner of such Content.
This paragraph will survive the termination or expiry of the Terms.
Dribbble reserves the right to refuse or remove any Content or terminate or deny access to your use of the Service for any reason whatsoever.
Please read the Community Guidelines for rules and advice on what types of Content and uses of the Service are appropriate at Dribbble.
All Content uploaded are copyright © their respective owners.
If you delete Content, Dribbble will use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Service, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.



Rules. Use of any of the Services is subject to the following rules.
You agree that, in addition to abiding by our Community Guidelines, you will not do any of the following: 

Use, support or develop bots, scrapers, software, scripts, crawlers, browser plugins, robots or other automated methods including human-powered automation through like farming or any other crowd-sourced methods to access, scrape, or copy the Services, or to add or download data, or send or redirect information or messages;
Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decipher or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the Services or any related technology that we have not made open source;
Rent, lease, loan, trade, sell or otherwise monetize the Services or related data or access to the same, without our express written consent;
Monitor the Services’ availability, performance or functionality for any competitive purpose;
Engage in “framing,” “mirroring,” or otherwise simulating the appearance or function of the Services;
Post anything that contains software viruses, worms, or any other harmful code;
Overlay or otherwise modify the Services or their appearance (such as by inserting elements into the Services or removing, covering, or obscuring an advertisement included on the Services);
Interfere with the operation of, or place an unreasonable load on, the Services (e.g., spam, denial of service attack, viruses, gaming algorithms).

Override any security feature or bypass or circumvent any access controls or limits of the Services;
Create a false identity, misrepresent your identity, create a profile for anyone other than yourself, or use or attempt to use another’s account.
or
Violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others.




Dribbble Talent. In addition to complying with the other Terms herein, the following terms (except to the extent expressly agreed otherwise in a written agreement signed by an authorized representative of Dribbble) shall apply to Dribbble Talent services.



Account.
Candidates. If you apply for a Dribbble Talent account and are approved, subject to your continuing payment of fees due for such account and your compliance with these Terms, you will have access to Dribbble’s pool of job seekers (the “Talent Database”) and the terms of this Section 5 (Dribbble Talent) shall apply.
Candidates who you locate in the Talent Database or who are otherwise referred to you by Dribbble are considered “Referred” and constitute a “Referral”.

Referral Fee. For each Referred candidate Hired by you, you will pay Dribbble, within thirty (30) days of the candidate’s acceptance of a job offer, a fee equal to twenty percent (20%) of the candidate’s Compensation (as defined below).
(All fees to be paid in United States Dollars.)

Notification. You agree to notify Dribbble in writing within five business days of: (a) extending an offer to a Referred candidate.
(b) a Referred candidate accepting or rejecting an offer.
and (c) a Referred candidate resigning without Good Reason (as defined below) or being terminated with Cause (as defined below) within the first 90 days of employment.

Guarantee. If a Referred candidate hired by Client, within the first ninety (90) days of employment, either resigns without Good Reason or is terminated for Cause, Client shall be entitled to hire a Referred replacement candidate at no additional fee.
To qualify for this replacement, you must ensure the following: 
Dribbble is notified in writing within seven (7) days of the termination of employment
The original placed candidate is no longer working for your organization
The full fee has been paid by the due date on the Dribbble invoice
The replacement search has the same job title, location and client territory/portfolio
The replacement candidate’s first year of compensation is aligned with the previous placed candidate
The replacement hire is initiated within ninety (90) days of the previous candidate’s last date of employment



Inspection Rights. Dribbble shall have the right to periodically review, inspect and copy your books and records relating to Referred candidates for the purposes of confirming your compliance with this Section 5.
All such books and records will be treated as your confidential information.

Disclaimer. DRIBBBLE DOES NOT GUARANTEE ANY OUTCOMES, SATISFACTION OR SUCCESS, AND DOES NOT CONDUCT BACKGROUND CHECKS ON CANDIDATES.
YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR VETTING ALL REFERRED CANDIDATES.

Candidate Obligations. In addition to complying with the other Terms herein, candidates shall notify Dribbble in writing within five days of: (a) receiving an offer of employment or contract engagement, providing the name of the offeror, the start date and compensation.
(b) accepting an offer of employment or an engagement as a contractor.
(c) commencing employment or a contracting engagement.
and (d) termination of an employment or contracting engagement and the reasons therefore.

Employer Obligations. You, and not Dribbble, are solely responsible for compliance with respect to all employer obligations (including tax withholding and statutory insurance).
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold the Indemnified Parties (as defined in Section 13 below) harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, liability, demands, obligations, expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees), fees, fines, taxes, penalties, assessments, and judgments arising out of or relating to any candidate you Hire, including without limitation (a) claims by any such candidates for breach of contract, discrimination, and harassment, (b) actions concerning misclassification, benefits, taxes, and statutory violations, and (c) an assertion or determination that Dribbble is an employer or joint employer of any such candidates.

Definitions. For purposes of this Section 5 (Dribbble Talent): 
“Compensation” means the amount of monetary compensation to be paid to the Referred candidate by you during the first twelve months (and does not include non-guaranteed bonuses, equity compensation or benefits).
“Cause” means any of the following: (a) the Hired Referred candidate’s material breach of any agreement with you.
(b) negligence or intentional wrongdoing by the Hired Referred candidate that causes material harm to your business.
or (c) the Hired Referred candidate’s conviction of or plea of no contest to a felony or crime of moral turpitude (or in any jurisdiction outside of the United States, any substantially similar criminal acts).
“Hire” means to employ or engage a candidate as a contractor, consultant, advisor or in any other capacity to provide services, deliverables and/or advice.
“Good Reason” means any of the following: (a) your material breach of any agreement with the candidate.
(b) a change of work location of more than 30 miles.
(c) a reduction in compensation.
or (c) a material reduction in authority, autonomy or quality or substance of work.








Third Party Websites and Content. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which Dribbble links, and that link to Dribbble.
Dribbble does not have any control over those non-Dribbble websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use.
By linking to a non-Dribbble website or webpage, Dribbble does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage.
You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses and other harmful or destructive content.
Dribbble disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-Dribbble websites and webpages.



Intellectual Property. All material available on the Service and all material and services provided by or through Dribbble, its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, agents, licensors or other commercial partners including, but not limited to, software, all informational text, software documentation, design of and “look and feel”, layout, photographs, graphics, audio, video, messages, interactive and instant messaging, design and functions, files, documents, images, or other materials, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted as well as all derivative works thereof (collectively, the “Materials”), are owned by us or our licensors or service providers, and are protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property laws.
If Dribbble, in its sole discretion and without notice, considers that there is an immediate security or operational risk to the Service, any of its, your or a third party system, then Dribbble may immediately suspend access to or use of the Service.
The suspension of use and access is not a breach of the Terms.
You acknowledge that the preservation of security, confidentiality and data is paramount.
Dribbble has no liability to you for suspending the Service under this provision.
This section does not apply to Content.
however you agree that any ideas, suggestions, concepts, processes or techniques which you provide to Dribbble related to the Service or Dribbble or its business (“Feedback”) are and will be Dribbble’s exclusive property without any compensation or other consideration payable to you by Dribbble, and you do so of your own free will and volition.
Dribbble may or may not, in its sole discretion, use or incorporate the Feedback in whatever form or derivative Dribbble may decide into the Service or its business or other products.
You hereby assign all rights on a worldwide basis in perpetuity to Dribbble in any Feedback and, as applicable, waive any moral rights.
For the purposes of the Terms and the Privacy Policy, “personal information” is any information about an identifiable individual, as defined in our Privacy Policy.
Dribbble retains the right to use or share any Aggregated Data generated by anyone using the Service, including our users, for the purpose of enhancing and providing the Service.
“Aggregated Data” means data does not contain personal information and which has been manipulated or combined to provide generalized, anonymous information.
Where you choose to utilize or connect certain services from third parties with the Service, you agree that Dribbble may share your lead data with such designated third parties.
You are still responsible for any and all personal information that is part of any Content.



Changes. Dribbble reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of the Terms.
It is your responsibility to check the Terms periodically for changes.
Your continued use of or access to the Service following the posting of any changes to the Terms constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Dribbble may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Service (including, the release of new tools and resources).
Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the Terms.



Termination. Dribbble may terminate your access to all or any part of the Service at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately.
If you wish to terminate the Terms or your Account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Service.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.



Disclaimer of Warranties.
Your use of the Service and all Content forming part of or related to the Service, including any Content you upload or submit and any third party software and Content, are at your sole responsibility and risk.
The Service are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis.
Dribbble expressly disclaims all representations, warranties, or conditions of any kind with respect to the Service, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, completeness, performance, system integration, quiet enjoyment, title, and non-infringement.




The service is offered and controlled by Dribbble from its facilities in Canada.
Dribbble makes no representations that the service is appropriate or available for use in locations other than Canada and the United States.
Those who access or use the Service from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law.
We handle complaints of copyright infringement in accordance with our Copyright Policy.





Limitation of Liability.
You agree that, under no legal theory, including, but not limited to negligence, breach of warranty or condition, breach of contract or tort, will Dribbble or its owners, officers, directors, affiliates, contractors, employees or agents, be liable to you or any third party acting on your behalf for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive, or exemplary damages or damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, or other intangible losses or the cost of any substitute equipment, facilities or services (even if Dribbble has been advised of the possibility of such damages), arising from or relating to the Terms or your use of or your inability to use the Service, or for any damages arising from or related to the Terms.
Dribbble’s total aggregate liability from any and all claims under the Terms is limited to the total amounts you paid to Dribbble in the one (1) year immediately preceding the occurrence of loss or damage.
To the extent any province, state or jurisdiction does not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, Dribbble’s liability in such province, state or jurisdiction will be limited to the furthest extent permitted by law.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else herein to the contrary, Dribbble will not be liable to you or any third party acting on your behalf in any way with respect to a trial program or your provision of an individual’s personal information to Dribbble or through the Service.
You further agree that the foregoing limitations will apply with respect to third party liability of any kind.




The foregoing limitations will also apply with respect to any damages incurred by reason of any content or services provided on any third party sites or otherwise provided by any third parties other than Dribbble and received by you through or advertised on the Service or received by you on any third party sites.
You also agree that Dribbble will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the result of any interactions or dealings with advertisers or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Service.




With respect to any dispute arising out of or related to the Service and/or the Terms: (i) you hereby expressly give up your right to have a trial by jury.
and (ii) you hereby expressly give up your right to participate as a member of a class of claimants, in any lawsuit including but not limited to class action lawsuits involving any such dispute.


You agree that you will not bring a claim under or related to the Terms more than one (1) year from when your claim first arose.



General Representation and Warranty. You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Service will be in strict accordance with the Terms, the Privacy Policy, the Community Guidelines and all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the Canada or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Service will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.



Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Dribbble, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, co-branders, all third-party advertisers, technology providers, service providers or other partners, and each of their respective officers, directors, agents, shareholders, employees and representatives (together, the “Indemnified Parties”), from and against any third party claim, demand, loss, damage, cost, or liability (including, reasonable attorneys’ fees) (collectively and individually, “Claims”) incurred by or made against the Indemnified Parties in connection with any Claims arising out of or relating to the Terms, the Service, including but without limitation in relation to: (a) your use, non-use or misuse of, or connection to the Service and any Content.
(b) your violation or alleged violation of the Terms.
and (c) your violation of any rights, including intellectual property rights, of a third party and otherwise as set out herein.
Dribbble reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify Dribbble and you agree to cooperate with Dribbble’s defense of these Claims.
You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of Dribbble.
Dribbble will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such Claims upon becoming aware of it.



Miscellaneous. If there is any dispute between you and Dribbble about or involving the Terms, the Service, you hereby agree that the dispute will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Except for any claim involving the ownership of intellectual property, all disputes arising out of or in connection with the Terms will be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the rules of the British Columbia International Commercial Arbitration Centre.
The appointing authority will be the British Columbia International Commercial Arbitration Centre.
The case will be adjudicated by a single arbitrator and will be administered by the British Columbia International Commercial Arbitration Centre in accordance with its rules.
The place of arbitration will be Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
The language of the arbitration will be English.
If any portion of the Terms is deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable by any arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction, the Terms as a whole will not be deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable, but only that portion of the Terms that is unlawful, void or unenforceable will be stricken from the Terms.
You agree that the Terms are specifically enforceable by Dribbble through injunctive relief and other equitable remedies without proof of monetary damages.
You agree that if Dribbble does not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy which is contained in the Terms (or which Dribbble has the benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of Dribbble’s rights and that those rights or remedies will still be available to Dribbble.
The Terms are the entire agreement between us related to the subject matter in the Terms.
The Terms replace and supersede any other prior or contemporaneous agreement, representation or discussion, oral or written, and may not be changed except in writing signed by us, regardless of whether or not the parties act under an unsigned “electronic” agreement or rely on such an unsigned agreement.



Contacting Dribbble. You may contact Dribbble by email at contact@dribbble.com or by mail at 524 Yates St., Victoria, BC, V8W 1K8, Canada.

   Updated October 4, 2019 Overview Dribbble Holdings Ltd.
(“Dribbble”, “we”, “us” or “our”) is committed to protecting the privacy of personal information (i.e.
any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person) who visit the https://dribbble.com website and Dribbble mobile software application (collectively, the “Site”) and use the services available thereon (the “Services”).
Amendments to this Privacy Policy will be posted to the Site and/or Services and will be effective when posted.
Your continued use of the Site and/or Services following the posting of any amendment to this Privacy Policy shall constitute your acceptance of such amendment. Consent and Information Collection and Use When you register as a user of our Site and Services, we ask for personal information that will be used to activate your account, provide the Services to you, communicate with you about the status of your account, and for other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Your name, company name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card information and certain other information about you may be required by us to provide the Services or be disclosed by you during your use of the Services.
You will also be asked to create a user name and private password, which will become part of your account information.
By providing personal information to us and by retaining us to provide you with the Services, you voluntarily consent to the collection, use and disclosure of such personal information as specified in this Privacy Policy.
The legal bases for our processing of personal information are primarily that the processing is necessary for providing the Services and that the processing is carried out in our legitimate interests, which are further explained below.
Without limiting the foregoing, we may on occasion ask you to consent when we collect, use, or disclose your personal information in specific circumstances.
We take steps designed to ensure that only those employees who need access to your personal information to fulfil their employment duties will have access to it.
We may use and disclose your personal or account information for the following purposes:

To provide the Site and Services to you and to other users of the Site and Services;
To improve the quality of the Site and Services through polls, surveys and other similar feedback gathering activities conducted by Dribbble and/or third parties;
To create, manage and control your account information, and to verify access rights to the Site and Services;
To bill your account;
To communicate with you (subject to your opt-out rights set forth in this Privacy Policy), including without limitation for the purpose of providing you with information about the Services, or informing you of changes or additions to the Services or of the availability of any other services or features we provide;
To assess service levels, monitor traffic patterns and gauge popularity of different features and service options of the Site and/or Services;
To enforce this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service;
To protect against fraud or error, and to respond to claims of any violation of our rights or those of any third parties;
To respond to your requests for customer service;
To protect the rights, property or personal safety of you, us, our users and the public.
and
As required to comply with applicable laws or as authorized by applicable laws.

For the purposes of billing your account (if you have a paid account) and in order to process payments, Dribbble utilizes third party payment gateways, such as Stripe and Paypal, who will utilize your credit card and other payment information in accordance with their respective privacy policies.
Dribbble shall not be liable to you or any other person for any damages that might result from unauthorized use, publication, disclosure or any other misuse of such payment information, including credit card information.
Dribbble may share your personal information with its registered API application providers, including Chrome tab extensions Panda and Muz.li which deliver relevant design stories and inspiration.
We invite you to review their applicable data protection policies.
When we disclose your personal information to third parties, we take reasonable measures to ensure that the rules set forth in this Privacy Policy are complied with and these third parties provide sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures.
Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage third party service providers.
By using the Services, you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside your country of residence, which may have different data protection rules than in your country.
While such information is outside of Canada, it is subject to the laws of the country in which it is held, and may be subject to disclosure to the governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of such other country, pursuant to the laws of such country.
However, our practices regarding your personal information will at all times continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy and, if applicable, we will comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal information from the EU/EEA to third country.
We may occasionally communicate with you regarding our products, services, news and events.
You have the option to not receive this information.
We provide an opt-out function within all email communications of this nature, or will cease to communicate with you for this purpose if you contact us and tell us not to communicate this information to you.
The only kind of these communications that you may not “opt-out” of are those required to communicate announcements related to the Services, including information specific to your Account, planned Services suspensions and outages.
We will attempt to minimize this type of communication to you. Age of Consent We do not knowingly provide the Services to, and will not knowingly collect the personal information from anyone under the age of consent.
If you live in a country in the EU/EEA, you must be at least 16 years old to use our Services or such greater age required in your country to register for or use our Services.
If you live in any other country except those in the EU/EEA, you must be at least 13 years old to use our Services or such greater age required in your country to register for or use our Services.
In addition to being of the minimum required age to use our Services under applicable law, if you are not old enough to have authority to agree to our Privacy Policy in your country, your parent or guardian must agree to our Privacy Policy on your behalf.
If you have any concerns about your child’s personal information, please contact us at privacy@dribbble.com.
Neither the Site nor the Services are intended for children under 13 years of age, and no one under age 13 may provide any personal information to, on or through the Site or Services.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information to, on or through the Site or Services, make any purchases through the Site or Services, use any of the interactive or public comment features, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use.
If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.&nbsp;If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at the email address provided in the paragraph above. Rights to Your Information You have the right to access and edit your information at any time through the web interface provided as part of the Services.
On written request and subject to proof of identity, you may access the personal information that we hold, used or communicated and ask that any necessary corrections be made, where applicable, as authorized or required by law.
However, to make sure that the personal information we maintain about you is accurate and up to date, please inform us immediately of any change in your personal information by mail or e-mail.
Under the GDPR, you may be entitled to additional rights, including: (i) the right to withdraw consent to processing where consent is the basis of processing.
(ii) the right to access your personal information and certain other supplementary information, under certain conditions.
(iii) the right to object to unlawful data processing, under certain conditions.
(iv) the right to erasure of personal information about you, under certain conditions.
(v) the right to demand that we restrict processing of your personal information, under certain conditions, if you believe we have exceeded the legitimate basis for processing, processing is no longer necessary, are processing, or believe your personal information is inaccurate.
(vi) the right to data portability of personal information concerning you that you provided us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, under certain conditions.
(vii) the right object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you, under certain conditions.
(viii) the right to lodge a complaint with data protection authorities.
If you want to learn more about your rights under the GDPR, you can visit the European Commission’s page on Data Protection. Your California Privacy Rights California Civil Code Section §1798.83 permits users of the Site and/or Services who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please send an email to [email] with “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line and in the body of your message.
We will provide the requested information to you in your email address in response. Aggregated Data We may also use your personal information to generate Aggregated Data for internal use and for sharing with others on a selective basis.
“Aggregated Data” means records which have been stripped of information potentially identifying users, and which have been manipulated or combined to provide generalized, anonymous information.
Your identity and personal information will be kept anonymous in Aggregated Data. Links The Site and/or Services may contain links to other sites and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites.
We encourage you to read the privacy policy of linked sites.
Their privacy policies and practices differ from our policies and practices. Cookies and Log Files We use cookies and log files to track user information.
Cookies are small amounts of data that are transferred to your web browser by a web server and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use cookies to track which page variant a visitor has seen, to track if a visitor has clicked on a page variant, to monitor traffic patterns and to gauge popularity of service options.
We will use this information to deliver relevant content and services to you. Third Parties’ &amp.
Interest-Based Ads We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising.
However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way.
You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI’s website. Change of Ownership or Business Transition In the event of a change of ownership or other business transition, such as a merger, acquisition or sale of our assets, your information may be transferred in accordance with applicable privacy laws. Security and Retention We will strive to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, however, no data transmission over the Internet, by wireless device or over the air is guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We have implemented and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices (based on the nature of the information we collect) to protect that information from unauthorized disclosure.
We will continue to enhance security procedures as new technologies and procedures become available.
We strongly recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone.
Please remember that you control what personal information you provide while using the Site and Services.
Ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your identification, passwords and/or any personal information in your possession for the use of the Site and/or Services.
Always be careful and responsible regarding your personal information.
We are not responsible for, and cannot control, the use by others of any information which you provide to them and you should use caution in selecting the personal information you provide to others through the Site or Services.
Similarly, we cannot assume any responsibility for the content of any personal information or other information which you receive from other users through the Site or Services, and you release us from any and all liability in connection with the contents of any personal information or other information which you may receive using the Site or Services.
We cannot guarantee, or assume any responsibility for verifying, the accuracy of the personal information or other information provided by any third party.
You release us from any and all liability in connection with the use of such personal information or other information of others.
We will maintain your personal information for as long as they are needed, or as required by applicable laws, regulations, or government orders. Changes to this Policy We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we do so, we will send an email to users subscribed to the Company News list.
We will also add a site banner alerting users who may not be subscribed.
If the change materially effects the treatment of your personal data, and we have your email but you are not subscribed to the Company News list, we will send you an email.
(You are responsible for ensuring that we have an up-to-date email for this purpose.) Contact Us If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or your personal information, to make an access or correction request, to exercise any applicable rights, to make a complaint, or to obtain information about our policies and practices with respect to any service providers outside Canada, our Privacy Officer (or Data Protection Officer) can be reached by mail or email using the following contact information: by email at privacy@dribbble.com or by mail at 524 Yates St., Victoria, BC, V8W 1K8, Canada. 