Terms and Conditions of Service
GeneralDuolingo websites (“Websites”) and mobile applications, including the Tinycards application (“Apps”) and related services (together with the Websites, the “Service”), including our language proficiency testing services (the “Duolingo English Test”) are operated by Duolingo, Inc.
(“Duolingo,” “us,” or “we”).
Access and use of the Service is subject to the following Terms and Conditions of Service (“Terms and Conditions”).
By accessing or using any part of the Service, you represent that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions including any future modifications.
Duolingo may amend, update or change these Terms and Conditions.
If we do this, we will post a notice that we have made changes to these Terms and Conditions on the Websites for at least 7 days after the changes are posted and will indicate at the bottom of the Terms and Conditions the date these terms were last revised.
Any revisions to these Terms and Conditions will become effective the earlier of (i) the end of such 7-day period or (ii) the first time you access or use the Service after such changes.
If you do not agree to abide by these Terms and Conditions, you are not authorized to use, access or participate in the Service.
PLEASE NOTE THAT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAIN A MANDATORY ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES PROVISION THAT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTION LAWSUITS.
VIEW THESE TERMS HERE.

Description of Website and ServiceThe Service allows users to access and use a variety of educational services, including learning or practicing a language, taking examinations in the Duolingo English Test, and creating and viewing flashcards on the Tinycards App.
Duolingo may, in its sole discretion and at any time, update, change, suspend, make improvements to or discontinue any aspect of the Service, temporarily or permanently.

Registration.
Submission of Contenta.
RegistrationIn connection with registering for and using the Service, you agree (i) to provide accurate, current and complete information about you and/or your organization as requested by Duolingo.
(ii) to maintain the confidentiality of your password and other information related to the security of your account.
(iii) to maintain and promptly update any registration information you provide to Duolingo, to keep such information accurate, current and complete.
and (iv) to be fully responsible for all use of your account and for any actions that take place through your account.b.
Course Contributor SubmissionsIf you are or become a Course Contributor, you may offer to translate or have translated certain existing courses into other languages and you may offer to contribute new courses to the Service, as agreed between you and Duolingo on a case-by-case basis.
Subject to any guidelines posted on the Service, you may perform any such translations or create any such courses in accordance with your own schedule and using your own facilities and resources.
You are not required to become a Course Contributor and you may cease your activities as a Course Contributor at any time.
You acknowledge that you do not desire and will not receive compensation for your activities as a Course Contributor or for our use of any Course Contributor Materials (as defined below) you submit.
Any translation of an existing Duolingo course you submit or have submitted and any new language course you submit or have submitted as a Course Contributor (collectively, “Course Contributor Materials”) are owned by you (subject of course to us retaining ownership of the existing Duolingo course you translated).
By submitting any Course Contributor Material, you grant us a fully paid up, royalty-free, perpetual, sublicensable license to reproduce, display, perform, modify, create derivative works of, distribute and otherwise use such Course Contributor Material in any manner.c.
General ContentAs a condition of submitting any ratings, reviews, information, data, text, photographs, audio clips, audiovisual works, translations, flashcards or other materials on the Services (“Content”), you hereby grant to Duolingo a royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, nonexclusive, transferable, and sublicensable license to use, reproduce, copy, adapt, modify, merge, distribute, publicly display, create derivative works from, incorporate such Content into other works.
sublicense through multiple tiers the Content, and acknowledge that this license cannot be terminated by you once your Content is submitted to the Services.
You represent that you own or have secured all legal rights necessary for the Content submitted by you to be used by you, Duolingo, and others as described and otherwise contemplated in these Terms and Conditions.
You understand that other users will have access to the Content and that neither they or Duolingo have any obligation to you or anyone else to maintain the confidentiality of the Content.

Your Representations and WarrantiesYou represent and warrant to Duolingo that your access and use of the Service will be in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the United States and any other relevant jurisdiction, including those regarding online conduct or acceptable content, and those regarding the transmission of data or information exported from the United States and/or the jurisdiction in which you reside.
You further represent and warrant that you have created or own any material you submit via the Service (including Translation Materials, Course Contributor Materials, Activity Materials, and Content) and that you have the right, as applicable, to grant us a license to use that material as set forth above or the right to assign that material to us as set forth below.
If you register with the Duolingo English Test, you further represent and warrant that the identification materials you submit to Duolingo are true and accurate representations of legal identification documents, issued to you by a government entity in accordance with local laws, and that you are registering for the Duolingo English Test for the express purpose of taking a language examination.
You further represent and warrant that you will carefully safeguard your password, user name, and account information, will not share your password or user name with any third party, and will not allow any third party to access your Duolingo English Test account for any purpose.
You represent and warrant that (1) you are not organized under the laws of, operating from, or otherwise ordinarily resident in a country or territory that is the target or comprehensive U.S.
economic or trade sanctions (i.e., an embargo) or (2) identified on a list of prohibited or restricted persons, such as the U.S.
Treasury Department’s List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons, or (3) otherwise the target of U.S.
sanctions.

Inappropriate UseYou will not upload, display or otherwise provide on or through the Service any content that: (i) is libelous, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harassing, hateful, offensive or otherwise violates any law or infringes upon the right of any third party (including copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary rights).
or (ii) in Duolingo’s sole judgment, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using the Service or which may expose Duolingo or its users to any harm or liability of any kind.
You will not use the Duolingo English Test to collect information about our testing process or to develop strategy, guides or other testing preparation material or a similar testing service, and you will not violate any rules applicable to the English Test or otherwise cheat or circumvent the applicable procedures when taking an English Test.

Indemnification of DuolingoYou agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Duolingo and its directors, officers, employees, contractors, agents, suppliers, licensors, successors and assigns, from and against any and all losses, claims, causes of action, obligations, liabilities and damages whatsoever, including attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to your access or use of the Service, any false representation made to us (as part of these Terms and Conditions or otherwise), your breach of any of these Terms and Conditions, or any claim that any translation we provide to you is inaccurate, inappropriate or defective in any way whatsoever.

License to AppsSubject to the terms of these Terms and Conditions, Duolingo grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to download, install, and use one copy of each App in object code form only on an interactive wireless device that you own or control.
You may not derive or attempt to derive the source code of all or any portion of any App, permit any third party to derive or attempt to derive such source code, or reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or translate any App or any part thereof.
Duolingo and its licensors own and shall retain all intellectual property rights and other rights in and to the Apps, and any changes, modifications, or corrections thereto.
The following terms and conditions apply to you only if you are using the Apps from the Apple App Store.
To the extent the other terms and conditions of these Terms and Conditions are less restrictive than, or otherwise conflict with, the terms and conditions of this paragraph, the more restrictive or conflicting terms and conditions in this paragraph apply, but solely with respect to Apps from the Apple App Store.
You acknowledge and agree that these Terms and Conditions are solely between you and Duolingo, not Apple, and that Apple has no responsibility for the Apps or content thereof.
Your use of any App must comply with the App Store Terms of Service.
You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Apps.
In the event of any failure of any App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price, if any, for the App to you.
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Apps, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be solely governed by these Terms and Conditions.
You and Duolingo acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to the Apps or your possession and/or use of any App, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims.
(ii) any claim that an App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement.
and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
You and Duolingo acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that any App or your possession and use of that App infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Duolingo, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by these Terms and Conditions.
You must comply with applicable third party terms of agreement when using any App.
You and Duolingo acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of these Terms and Conditions as they relate to your license of the Apps, and that, upon your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms and Conditions against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.

In-App PurchasesIf you purchase an auto-renewing periodic subscription through the Service, your Duolingo account will be billed continuously for the subscription until you terminate it as set forth below.
After your initial subscription period, and again after any subsequent subscription period, your subscription will automatically renew for an additional equivalent period.
If you do not wish your subscription to renew automatically, or if you want to change or terminate your subscription, you will need to log in to your Duolingo account and follow instructions to terminate or change your subscription, even if you have deleted your account.
In the Service, you may purchase, with “real world” money, a limited, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use (a) “virtual currency,” including but not limited to virtual gems, solely for use in the Service, and (b) “virtual in-app items” (together with “virtual currency,” “Virtual Items”).
You are allowed to purchase Virtual Items through the Service, and not in any other way.
Duolingo may manage, regulate, control, modify, or eliminate Virtual Items at any time, with or without notice.
Duolingo may update the pricing of Virtual Items at any time in its sole discretion, and may add new Virtual Items for additional fees.
Duolingo shall have no liability to you or any third party in the event that Duolingo exercises any such rights.
The transfer of Virtual Items is prohibited except where expressly authorized in the Service.
Other than as expressly authorized in the Service, you shall not sell, redeem or otherwise transfer Virtual Items to any person or entity, including but not limited to Company, another user, or any third party.
You agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using a Duolingo account registered to you.
Duolingo may revise the pricing for the goods and services offered through the Service at any time.
All information that you provide in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the Service must be accurate, complete, and current.
You agree to pay all charges incurred by users of your credit card, debit card, or other payment method used in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the Service at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred.
You will pay any applicable taxes, if any, relating to any such purchases, transactions or other monetary transaction interactions.

Payment ProcessorsAll financial transactions made in connection with the Service will be processed by a third party in accordance with their respective terms of use, privacy policy, and/or any applicable payment terms and conditions.
We encourage you to learn about the practices of such third party.
In no event will Duolingo be responsible for the actions or inactions of any third party payment processor, including, but not limited to, system downtime or payment service outages.

Refund Policya.
GeneralIn the event that Duolingo suspends or terminates your use of the Service or these Terms and Conditions or you close your account voluntarily, you understand and agree that you will receive no refund or exchange of any kind, including for any unused virtual currency or other Virtual Item, any Content or data associated with your use of the Service, or for anything else.b.
Duolingo English TestIn the event of a Test Issue (described below), Duolingo will, at its option, either (a) provide the user with a refund for the affected test, or (b) use reasonable efforts to resolve the Test Issue.
For purposes of this Section, “Test Issue” means: (i) the inability to complete the test due to a failure in the Websites or the Apps, or (ii) Test results are delivered more than 48 hours after the test is completed.
Whether an issue constitutes a Test Issue will be determined by Duolingo in its reasonable discretion.
For clarity, termination or suspension of your account or certain activities on the Service that results from a violation of Section 5 regarding the English Test rules and procedures does not constitute a “Test Issue” and will not result in a refund.
The amount of any refund will depend on the nature of the Test Issue and will not exceed the total amount actually paid by the user for the affected test.
To submit a valid claim for a refund, a user must (a) submit the Test Issue in writing to Duolingo within 24 hours after the Test Issue occurs, and respond to Duolingo’s requests for information or cooperation, (b) not have directly or indirectly caused the Test Issue, and (c) have met all test requirements when taking the test prior to making a claim for a Test Issue.

Third-Party Links, Sites, and ServicesThe Service may contain links to third-party websites, advertisers, services, special offers, or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled by Duolingo.
We do not endorse or assume any responsibility for any such third-party sites, information, materials, products, or services.
If you access any third party website, service, or content from Duolingo, you understand that these Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy do not apply to your use of such sites.
You expressly acknowledge and agree that Duolingo shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss arising from your use of any third-party website, service, or content.
The Service may include advertisements, which may be targeted to the Content or information on the Service, or other information.
The types and extent of advertising by Duolingo on the Service are subject to change.
In consideration for Duolingo granting you access to and use of the Service, you agree that Duolingo and its third party providers and partners may place such advertising in connection with the display of content or information submitted by you or others.

NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES BY DUOLINGOTHE SERVICE, INCLUDING ALL IMAGES, AUDIO FILES AND OTHER CONTENT THEREIN, AND ANY OTHER INFORMATION, PROPERTY AND RIGHTS GRANTED OR PROVIDED TO YOU BY DUOLINGO ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” BASIS.
DUOLINGO AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, DUOLINGO DOES NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND RELATING TO ACCURACY, SERVICE AVAILABILITY, COMPLETENESS, INFORMATIONAL CONTENT, ERROR-FREE OPERATION, RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED FROM USE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
ACCESS AND USE OF THE SERVICE MAY BE UNAVAILABLE DURING PERIODS OF PEAK DEMAND, SYSTEM UPGRADES, MALFUNCTIONS OR SCHEDULED OR UNSCHEDULED MAINTENANCE OR FOR OTHER REASONS.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

LIMITATION ON TYPES OF DAMAGES/LIMITATION OF LIABILITYIN NO EVENT WILL DUOLINGO BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY CLAIMING THROUGH YOU (WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY) FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE ACCESS OR USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE, THE SERVICE OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE LOSS OF USE OF THE SERVICE, INACCURATE RESULTS, LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR DAMAGES STEMMING FROM LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE, THE COST OF RECOVERING ANY DATA, THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES OR CLAIMS BY THIRD PARTIES FOR ANY DAMAGE TO COMPUTERS, SOFTWARE, MODEMS, TELEPHONES OR OTHER PROPERTY, EVEN IF DUOLINGO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
DUOLINGO’S LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY CLAIMING THROUGH YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO DUOLINGO FOR THE SERVICE IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE INITIAL ACTION GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY.
THIS IS AN AGGREGATE LIMIT.
THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM HEREUNDER WILL NOT INCREASE THIS LIMIT.

TerminationDuolingo may terminate your access and use of the Service immediately at any time, for any reason, and at such time you will have no further right to use the Service.
You may terminate your Duolingo account at any time by following the instructions available through the Service.
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions relating to the protection and enforcement of Duolingo’s proprietary rights, your representations and warranties, disclaimer of representations and warranties, release and indemnities, limitations of liability and types of damages, ownership of data and information, governing law and venue, and miscellaneous provisions shall survive any such termination.

Proprietary Rights in Service Content and Activity MaterialsAll content available through the Service, including designs, text, graphics, images, information, software, audio and other files, and their selection and arrangement (the "Service Content"), are the proprietary property of Duolingo or its licensors.
No Service Content may be modified, copied, distributed, framed, reproduced, republished, downloaded, scraped, displayed, posted, transmitted, or sold in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, other than as expressly permitted in these Terms and Conditions.
You may not use any data mining, robots, scraping or similar data gathering or extraction methods to obtain Service Content.
As between you and Duolingo, all data, information and materials generated from your access and use of the educational activities made available on or through the Service, including translated content generated by you (collectively, the “Activity Materials”), shall be exclusively owned by Duolingo, and you shall not have any right to use such Activity Materials except as expressly authorized by these Terms and Conditions.
Activity Materials will not include Translation Materials.
By using the Service, you hereby assign to Duolingo any and all rights, title and interest, including any intellectual property rights or proprietary rights, in the Activity Materials.
All rights of Duolingo or its licensors that are not expressly granted in these Terms and Conditions are reserved to Duolingo and its licensors.

Trademarks“Duolingo,” “Tinycards” and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Service are trademarks or service marks of Duolingo or their respective owners, and certain of them are registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
Access and use of the Service does not grant or provide you with the right or license to reproduce or otherwise use the Duolingo name or any Duolingo or third-party trademarks, service marks, graphics or logos.

PrivacyUse of the Service is also governed by our Privacy Policy, a copy of which is located at www.duolingo.com/privacy.
By using the Service, you consent to the terms of the Privacy Policy.

Notice for Claims of Copyright Violations and Agent for NoticeIf you are a copyright owner and have a good faith belief that any material available through the Service infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a copyright infringement notification to Duolingo pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act by providing us with the following information in writing:



an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Service, with enough detail that we may find it on the Service;
your address, telephone number, and email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.



Please consult your legal counsel for further details or see 17 U.S.C.
§512(c)(3).
Duolingo’s Agent for Notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:
By mail: 5900 Penn Avenue, Pittsburgh PA 15206, USABy email: abuse@duolingo.com

Governing Law and Arbitration.
No Class ActionThese Terms and Conditions, its subject matter and Duolingo’s and your respective rights under these Terms and Conditions, as well as and any claim, cause of action or dispute (“claim”) arising out of or related to these Terms and Conditions, shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, United States of America, excluding the conflict of law provisions of that or any other jurisdiction, regardless of your country of origin or where you access the Service.
ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OR THE SERVICE WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION, RATHER THAN IN COURT, except for Duolingo’s right to seek injunctive relief as set forth below.
Unless otherwise expressly required by applicable law, each party shall bear its own attorneys’ fees without regard to which party is deemed the prevailing party in the arbitration proceeding.
If you do not want to arbitrate disputes with Duolingo and you are an individual, you may opt out of this arbitration agreement by sending an email to legal@duolingo.com within 30 days of the day you first access or use the Service.
If you intend to seek arbitration you must first send written notice to Duolingo’s Administration Office of your intent to arbitrate (“Notice”).
The Notice to Duolingo should be sent by any of the following means: (i) electronic mail to legal@duolingo.com.
or (ii) sending the Notice by U.S.
Postal Service certified mail to Duolingo, Inc., Attention: Legal, 5900 Penn Ave.
Pittsburgh, PA 15206.
The Notice must (x) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute.
and (y) set forth the specific relief sought.
and (z) set forth your name, address and contact information.
If we intend to seek arbitration against you, we will send any notice of dispute to you at the contact information we have for you.
The arbitration will be conducted before a neutral single arbitrator in the County of Allegheny in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, whose decision will be final and binding, and the arbitral proceedings will be governed by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules, Consumer Due Process Protocol, and Supplementary Procedures for Resolution of Consumer Related Disputes, as modified by these Terms and Conditions.
The AAA’s rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including the scope of this arbitration clause, but the arbitrator is bound by the terms of these Terms and Conditions.
If you initiate arbitration, your arbitration fees will be limited to the filing fee set forth in the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules.
We will reimburse all other AAA filing, administration and arbitrator fees paid by you, unless the arbitrator determines that the arbitration was frivolous or brought for an improper purpose, in which case the payment of all such fees shall be governed by the AAA rules.
The arbitration will be conducted in the English language.
Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
For any claim where the potential award is reasonably likely to be $10,000 or less, either you or Duolingo may elect to have the dispute resolved through non-appearance-based arbitration.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, YOU AND DUOLINGO EACH AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEEDING WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION.
If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, YOU AND DUOLINGO EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL.
If a court of competent jurisdiction finds the foregoing arbitration provisions invalid or inapplicable, you and Duolingo agree that all claims arising out of or related to these Terms and Conditions must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in the County of Allegheny in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and you and Duolingo each agree to submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating all such claims.
Notwithstanding the above, you agree that Duolingo shall still be allowed to apply for and obtain injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction.

LanguageThis agreement was originally written in English (US).
To the extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.

MiscellaneousThese Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between Duolingo and you concerning the subject matter hereof.
In the event that any of the Terms and Conditions are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms and Conditions shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.
A waiver by Duolingo or you of any provision of these Terms and Conditions or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof.
Duolingo may assign its rights or obligations under these Terms and Conditions without condition.
These Terms and Conditions will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of Duolingo and you, and Duolingo’s and your respective successors and permitted assigns.

Last revised on December 11th, 2017 Privacy Policy
GeneralAt Duolingo, we care about your personal data, so we have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use and share it.
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) details the personal data Duolingo, Inc.
(“Duolingo”, “we”, “us” or “our”) receives about you, how we process it and your rights and obligations in relation to your personal data.
Duolingo, Inc., a company registered at 5900 Penn Ave, Second Floor, Pittsburgh, PA 15206, United States of America is the data controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and any relevant local legislation (“Data Protection Laws”).
By using or accessing the Service, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Capitalized terms not defined here have the meanings set forth in the terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”), located at www.duolingo.com/terms.
We may update our Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices.
If we do this and the changes are material, we will post a notice that we have made changes to this Privacy Policy on the Website for at least 7 days before the changes are made, and we will indicate the date these terms were last revised at the bottom of the Privacy Policy.
Any revisions to this Privacy Policy will become effective at the end of that 7 day period.
If you are an employee, worker or contractor of Duolingo, the information about how we handle your personal information is available in the Duolingo internal knowledge base.
With respect to employees based in Europe, we are committed to cooperating with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship.

Information We CollectThis Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and share your personal data.Information you provideThrough the registration process, you will provide us with your name, e-mail address (or parent’s e-mail address), and age or date of birth.
You will also provide us with your payment transaction information if you choose to pay for Duolingo services.Activity DataWhen you use the Service, you will submit information and content to your profile.
We will also generate data about your use of our Services including your engagement in educational activities on the Service, or your sending of messages and otherwise transmitting information to other users (“Activity Data”).
We also collect technical data about how you interact with our Services.
for more information, see Cookies.Live Speaking PracticeWhen you take a Live Speaking Lesson, we will use your computer's microphone throughout the lesson to speak to your tutor.
You also have the option of using your camera to share your video with your tutor.
Duolingo records these audio and video lessons and retains them until you close your Duolingo account.
Duolingo uses this data to help improve the quality of the lessons and for internal research purposes.
Duolingo does not share any of your personal data with your tutor.
You are completely anonymous to them by default, and you can freely choose whether you show them your video or tell them any personal details such as your name during the conversation.
Duolingo only shares some basic skill level information with the tutor, prior to your lesson, so they understand how best to speak to you.Test DataIf you register for the Duolingo English Test, you will also provide us with your gender, native language, secondary school, and self-reported test scores for other exams.
Each time you take a test you must also provide a photo of a current, valid driver’s license, passport, or other government issued ID and a take a photo of your face to verify your identity (“Testing ID”).
When you use the Service to take an examination in the Duolingo English Test you must provide access to your computer’s webcam and microphone.
We will use them to record you and your screen during the entire examination period (“Testing Video”).
While using the Duolingo English Test, you will submit answers to questions and other information as part of the testing and evaluation process.Third Party DataWe also collect information about you from third parties.
For more information, see Information obtained by Third Parties.Product Research and DevelopmentWe may contact you to participate in product research activities.
These may include surveys, interviews, and other types of feedback sessions.
When you participate in these research activities, the information you provide will be used to test, improve, and develop our products.
We will record the video, audio and text transcriptions of this feedback together with any additional contact information you provide and will retain this data for two years.
Please contact us at research@duolingo.com to:

Request more information about the research activities you have volunteered for.
Opt out of being contacted for research activities.
Request a copy of any research related data you have provided to us.


CookiesWhen you enter the Website, we collect your browser type and your IP address (a unique address that identifies your computer on the Internet).
When you use our mobile Application, we collect your device type, your device ID, and your IP address.
In addition, we store certain information from your browser using "cookies." A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user.
We use session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in.
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature.
however, you should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you certain features available on the Website (e.g., customized delivery of information).
You can find more information about cookies and how to manage them at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.

Information Obtained by Third PartiesTo support and enhance the Service, we work with a variety of third party advertising networks, marketing analytics service providers and website analysis firms, such as Google, Facebook, Oath, Unity, and Quantcast (collectively, “Third Party Advertising Service Providers”).
These Third Party Advertising Service Providers collect and use non-personally identifiable information, such as your mobile device ID, about your visits to and use of the Website and mobile Application, as well as other websites in order to serve you with advertisements and content tailored to meet your preferences and likely interests or better understand ad effectiveness.
Aggregate demographic and interest data will also be used for market research purposes.
We use Google Analytics which is a web analytics tool that helps us understand how users engage with the Website.
Like many services, Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track user interactions as in our case, where they are used to collect information about how users use our site.
This information is used to compile reports and to help us improve our Website.
The reports disclose website trends without identifying individual visitors.
You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
You can opt-out of receiving personalized ads from advertisers and ad networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or who follow the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising using their respective opt-out tools.
The NAI's opt-out tool can be found here http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and the DAA's opt out tool can be found here http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
In addition, your mobile devices may offer settings that enable you to make choices about the collection, use, or transfer of mobile app information for online behavioral advertising (for example, Apple iOS’ Advertising ID and Google Android’s Advertising ID).
Please note that opting out does not prevent the display of all advertisements to you.

Use of information obtained by DuolingoDuolingo may occasionally send you service related and product change announcements through the general operation of the Service.
We will send you reminder notifications to support the Duolingo teaching methodology by reinforcing the learning cadence and help maintain your learning streak.
We process your data to help provide you with the Service and offer personalized features, to understand and improve our Service and to keep our Service safe and secure.
Duolingo may use or share anonymous data collected through the Service, including Activity Data without limitation.
As a business, it is critical that we perform our contract with you with the best service possible, and it is in our legitimate interests to perform these processing functions and to enable service e-mails by default to keep your data secure and provide our Service.
You may opt out of any non-essential service e-mails at any time.
We may also use your contact information to send you notifications regarding new services, offers and promotions offered by Duolingo if you affirmatively consent to receive such communications.
When you register with Duolingo, some of your information is made public and available at duolingo.com/your-username.
This will include the data from your Duolingo Profile and Account (Name, Location, Bio, Username, User ID, Profile picture and Duolingo Plus membership status).
your followers and the people you follow.
and your learning progress (XP, Streak, Lingots, Daily Progress, Languages being learned, progress level, Crowns, Skills, Lessons undertaken, Lexemes and Strength).
Tinycards decks you create are also public by default, but can be made visible to only you or to people you have shared a link with.
Your Duolingo account email address is not shown publicly.
Profile information is used by Duolingo to be presented back to and edited by you when you access the Service and to be presented to other users.
In some cases, other users may be able to supplement your profile, including by submitting comments (which can be deleted by you).
Duolingo uses this information to provide you with support, to send you essential notifications, to enforce our terms, conditions and policies, to communicate with you, to administer the Services, and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes.
Duolingo’s Terms and Conditions provide the contractual lawful basis for these processing activities.Duolingo English TestWhen you take a test in the Duolingo English Test, we will use your computer's camera and microphone throughout the test to collect a Testing Video.
We will process information in connection with the Duolingo English Test comprising given name(s), surname(s), date of birth, gender, native language, country, secondary school, self-reported test scores for other exams, application IDs, a picture or scan of a current, valid driver’s license, passport or other government issued ID, your Testing ID, Testing Video, and answers to questions as part of the testing and evaluation process in order:

To provide accurate testing results to Score Recipient(s) (as defined below)
To compare your Testing ID to your Testing Video to ensure that the person who registered for the examination (and whose identity Duolingo has validated) is the same person who took the examination
To store and review the Testing Video recording to validate that you took the examination without improper assistance
To evaluate your performance on the Duolingo English Test, to report results and to evaluate the usefulness, accuracy and other aspects of the Duolingo English Test
For our research team to validate and improve the examination, in an anonymized format
To analyze audio recordings of verbal responses to improve our ability to understand the spoken language
To share your Testing ID with your consent upon initiation of a dispute by a Score Recipient

Duolingo’s Terms and Conditions provide the contractual lawful basis for these English Test processing activities.

Sharing your personal data with third partiesDuolingo shares your personal data only when it is necessary to offer the Service, legally required, or permitted by you.
We will provide personal data to hosting providers such as Amazon Web Services, search engine providers such as Google, analytics providers such as Crashlytics, and support providers such as ZenDesk.
These data processors help us bring you the Service.
For example, we may share your information in order to detect where or how you encountered a bug when using our mobile application.
In connection with these operations, our service providers will have access to personal data for a limited time.
When we utilize service providers for processing any personal data, we implement contractual protections limiting the use of that personal data to the provision of services to Duolingo.
We will be required to access and disclose personal data in response to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws.
Additionally, we will access and share account or other personal data when we believe it is necessary to comply with law, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Service or using the Duolingo name, or to prevent imminent harm.
This will include accessing and sharing personal data with other companies, lawyers, agents or government agencies.
Duolingo will share the complete and accurate results of Duolingo English Tests with such institutions, including universities, potential employers, or other third parties, (collectively, “Score Recipients”) as specified when you send your results after finishing a test or when you apply a coupon sponsored by the Score Recipient before starting a test.
These results will include your test score, a video of the interview section of your test, and your written responses to certain parts of the test.
We will also share your full name, date of birth, e-mail address, and the photo you take of yourself.
We will never share examination results with any party without your approval, except that anonymized examination results will be used by Duolingo and its partners to improve the examination and for research and analysis.
We will not share your Testing ID with any Score Recipients, except with your consent upon initiation of a dispute by a Score Recipient.
If the ownership of all or substantially all of the Duolingo business, or individual business units or assets owned by Duolingo that are related to the Service, were to change, your personal data will be transferred to the new owner.
In any such transfer of information, your personal data would remain subject to this section.
Duolingo will share aggregate or anonymous data collected through the Service, including Activity Data, for purposes such as understanding or improving the service.

Data subject rights and data retentionYou can manage your account settings at https://www.duolingo.com/settings/account to update, amend, and correct your information.
You also have the following rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you, unless provided otherwise by local law:

To request access to, or erasure of, the personal data we hold about you.
To request us to restrict the processing of the personal data we hold about you.
To object to us processing personal data relating to you.
Where you have given us consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
To export the personal data you have provided to Duolingo in a format that can be transferred electronically to a third party.
To delete your account with Duolingo by following the instructions available through the Service.

Duolingo will retain your data until your account is deleted, after which point we will retain anonymous data collected through the Service, including Activity Data, which may be used by Duolingo and shared with third parties in any manner.
Information associated with the Duolingo English Test, including examination results and your Testing Video, will be collectively deleted from your Duolingo account after five years have passed from the date you upload your test, but anonymized examination data, including your examination results and Testing Video, will be kept indefinitely by Duolingo to improve the examination and for research and analysis.
Please note that some of these rights are not absolute.
In some cases, we may refuse a request to exercise particular rights if complying with it meant that we are no longer able to meet our contractual obligation to provide you with particular products and services.
We will keep you informed as to the actions that we can take when you make your request.
You may also have the right to make a GDPR complaint to the relevant Supervisory Authority.
A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
If you need further assistance regarding your rights, please contact us using the contact information provided below and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable law.
In some cases our ability to uphold these rights for you may depend upon our obligations to process personal information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or because processing is necessary to deliver the services you have requested.
Where this is the case, we will inform you of specific details in response to your request.

Third party websites and linksPlease note that you may have cookies placed on your computer by third party websites that refer you to our Service.
Although we do not share your personal data with these third party websites unless it is reasonably necessary to offer the Service, they may be able to link certain non-personally identifiable information we transfer to them with personal data they previously collected from you.
Please review the privacy policies of each website you visit to better understand their privacy practices.
In addition, Duolingo would like to inform you that anytime you click on links (including advertising banners), which take you to third party websites, you will be subject to the third parties’ privacy policies.
Our Services contain links to other sites operated by third parties.
Duolingo does not control such other sites and is not responsible for their content, their privacy policies, or their use of personal data, including any personal or financial information collected by our third party payment processor to process payments for in-app purchases.
Duolingo’s inclusion of such links does not imply any endorsement of the content on such sites or of their owners or operators except as disclosed on the Services.
Any information submitted by you directly to these third parties is subject to that third party’s privacy policy.

California privacy rightsCalifornia Civil Code Section 1798.83 entitles residents of the State of California to request from a business, with whom that resident has an established business relationship, certain information regarding the types of personal data the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year.
If you would like to request a copy of this information disclosure from Duolingo, please contact us at privacy@duolingo.com.

EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield And Swiss-U.S.
Privacy ShieldDuolingo complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries (including Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway) and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield.
Duolingo has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such data.
If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, EU and Swiss individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you in the United States.
Upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you.
You may also may correct, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you.
An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the United States under Privacy Shield, should direct their query to privacy@duolingo.com.
If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
We will provide an individual opt-out choice, or opt-in for sensitive data, before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized.
To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to privacy@duolingo.com.
Duolingo’s accountability for personal data that it receives in the United States under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles.
In particular, Duolingo remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process the personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Duolingo proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, Duolingo is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission.
In certain situations, Duolingo may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, Duolingo commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal data.
European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Statement should first contact Duolingo’s Data Protection Officer at:
Data Protection Officer, Duolingo, Inc., 23 Connaught House, 300 Hale Road, Hale Barns, Altrincham, Cheshire, WA15 8SP, United KingdomPhone: +1-412-567-6602E-mail: privacy@duolingo.com
Duolingo has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers for more information and to file a complaint.
The services of BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD are provided at no cost to you.
If your complaint involves human resources data transferred to the United States from the EU and/or Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship, and Duolingo does not address it satisfactorily, Duolingo commits to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPA Panel) and/or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, as applicable and to comply with the advice given by the DPA panel and/or Commissioner, as applicable with regard to such human resources data.
To pursue an unresolved human resources complaint, you should contact the state or national data protection or labor authority in the appropriate jurisdiction.
Complaints related to human resources data should not be addressed to the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD.
Contact details for the EU data protection authorities can be found at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms.
See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction.

Children under age of digital consentDuolingo provides some features and services intended for use by children.
Duolingo uses age-gating to restrict what services are available to children depending on the age of the user and the applicable laws of their country.
For example, a 15 year old child in Germany will require parental consent to use the Service, whereas a 12 year old child in the United States of America would receive a restricted service but not require parental consent.Children within the European UnionEach European Union (EU) member state is permitted to legally define its own digital age of consent between 13 and 16.
Duolingo checks the age and country of the user to determine if the user is able to consent to the Service.
If consent of a parent/guardian is required, the user will input the e-mail address of an adult who will receive a request to approve the child’s account registration.
In the absence of a country specific Act of Law, the age of consent will be set at 16.
These EU child users will receive the following service restrictions: they will not be able to use the service until their parent/guardian has provided consent for the child to do so.
After the parent/guardian has given consent, they child will be allowed to access the full Duolingo service.
Where Duolingo does make features and services available to children, we recognize that collecting personal data from children requires further privacy protections.
Accordingly, Duolingo will: (1) notify parents or guardians about Duolingo’s privacy and information practices regarding children, including what personal data we collection and how we use, share, and protect that personal data.
(2) limit our collection of personal data to ensure that we collect no more than is necessary to provide Duolingo’s services.
(3) obtain parental consent before collecting personal data from children.
and (4) allow parents to request that Duolingo change or delete personal data about their children.Children outside of the European UnionIf a child of under 13 years from outside the EU registers for the Duolingo service, upon registration the child will provide an adult’s e-mail address, to whom Duolingo sends a notification.
These child users will receive the following service restrictions:

Instead of any Personally Identifiable Information about the child, we will only store the e-mail address of their parent/guardian.
Only family friendly advertisements are shown and these ads do not do behavioral tracking.
Mature words such as "beer" and "wine" are disabled.
Social features are disabled, e.g.
profiles, forums, clubs, etc.
They can not enter profile information such as a profile picture or a bio.

At the point when the user is known to have reached the age of 13, the account will automatically be transitioned to be a normal non-restricted account.
At all times Duolingo does not knowingly collect personal information from children in connection with the Service.
If we discover that we have unknowingly collected personal information from these children, we will delete it.
If you believe we have collected personal information from a child, please contact us at privacy@duolingo.com.

LinksThe Service may contain links to other websites.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites.
We encourage users to be aware when they leave the Service to read the privacy statements of other websites that collect personally identifiable information.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by Duolingo via the Service.

Information securityDuolingo has implemented administrative and technical safeguards it believes are appropriate to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of your personal data, Testing ID, User Photo, access credentials, and Duolingo English Test results.
However, given sufficient resources, a determined attacker could defeat those safeguards and may, as a result, gain access to the data we seek to protect.

Do Not TrackThe Service is not designed to respond to “do not track” signals sent by some browsers.

Contact UsDuolingo’s headquarters are located within the USA at:Duolingo, Inc.5900 Penn Ave, Second FloorPittsburgh, PA 15206United States of AmericaPhone: +1-412-567-6602
Within the EU, Duolingo, Inc.
is a registered Data Controller with the UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), number ZA294891, at the address:Duolingo, Inc.23 Connaught House300 Hale RoadHale BarnsAltrinchamCheshireWA15 8SPUnited Kingdom
For all data privacy inquiries and any questions or concerns you have about this Privacy Policy, please contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy@duolingo.com
For all support inquiries, please go to https://support.duolingo.com.

Last revised on 11th October, 2018