This User Agreement is effective upon acceptance for new users, and from March 27, 2020 for existing users.
The previous amendment to this User Agreement was effective for all users on August 30, 2019.

In this User Agreement:

1.
Introduction
2.
About eBay
3.
Using eBay
4.
Policy Enforcement
5.
Fees and Taxes
6.
Listing Conditions
7.
Purchase Conditions
8.
International Buying, Selling, and Shipping.
Translation
9.
Content
10.
Notice for Claims of Intellectual Property Violations and Copyright Infringement Pursuant to Section 512(c) of Title 17 of the United States Code
11.
Holds and Restricted Funds
12.
Authorization to Contact You.
Recording Calls
13.
Additional Terms

Returns and Cancellations
eBay Money Back Guarantee

14.
Managed Payments
15.
Disclaimer of Warranties.
Limitation of Liability
16.
Release
17.
Indemnity
18.
Legal Disputes
19.
General 1.
Introduction This User Agreement, the Mobile Application Terms of Use, and all policies and additional terms posted on and in our sites, applications, tools and services (collectively "Services") set out the terms on which eBay offers you access to and use of our Services.
You can find an overview of our policies here.
The Mobile Application Terms of Use, all policies and additional terms posted on and in our sites, applications, tools, and services are incorporated into this User Agreement.
You agree to comply with all terms of this User Agreement when accessing or using our Services.
The entity you are contracting with is: eBay Inc., 2025 Hamilton Ave., San Jose, CA 95125, if you reside in the United States.
eBay (UK) Limited, 1 More London Place, London, SE1 2AF, United Kingdom, if you reside in the United Kingdom.
eBay GmbH, Albert-Einstein-Ring 2-6, 14532 Kleinmachnow, Germany, if you reside outside the United Kingdom but within the European Union.
eBay Canada Limited, 500 King Street West, Suite 200, Toronto, ON M5V 1L9, Canada, if you reside in Canada.
if you reside in India, eBay Singapore Services Pte Ltd., 10 Collyer Quay, #10-01 Ocean Financial Centre, Singapore 049315.
and eBay Marketplaces GmbH, Helvetiastrasse 15/17, 3005, Bern, Switzerland, if you reside in any other country.
In this User Agreement, these entities are individually and collectively referred to as "eBay," "we," or "us."

Please be advised that this User Agreement contains provisions that govern how claims you and we have against each other are resolved (see "Disclaimer of Warranties.
Limitation of Liability" and "Legal Disputes" provisions below).
It also contains an Agreement to Arbitrate which will, with limited exception, require you to submit claims you have against us or our agents to binding and final arbitration, unless you opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate (see Legal Disputes, Section B ("Agreement to Arbitrate")).
If you do not opt out: (1) you will only be permitted to pursue claims against us or our agents on an individual basis, not as a plaintiff or class member in any class or representative action or proceeding and (2) you will only be permitted to seek relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) on an individual basis.
 2.
About eBay eBay is a marketplace that allows users to offer, sell and buy just about anything in a variety of pricing formats and locations.
The actual contract for sale is directly between the seller and buyer.
eBay is not a traditional auctioneer.
Any guidance we provide as part of our Services, such as pricing, shipping, listing, and sourcing is solely informational and you may decide to follow it or not.
Also, while we may help facilitate the resolution of disputes through various programs, eBay has no control over and does not guarantee: the existence, quality, safety or legality of items advertised.
the truth or accuracy of users' content or listings.
the ability of sellers to sell items.
the ability of buyers to pay for items.
or that a buyer or seller will actually complete a transaction or return an item. 3.
Using eBay In connection with using or accessing the Services you will not:

post, list or upload content or items in inappropriate categories or areas on our sites;
breach or circumvent any laws, regulations, third-party rights or our systems, policies, or determinations of your account status;
use our Services if you are not able to form legally binding contracts (for example, if you are under 18 years old), or are temporarily or indefinitely suspended from using our sites, services, applications or tools, or are a person with whom transactions are prohibited under economic or trade sanctions;
fail to pay for items purchased by you, unless you have a valid reason as set out in an eBay policy, for example, the seller has materially changed the item's description after you bid, a clear typographical error is made, or you cannot contact the seller (see our Unpaid item policy);
fail to deliver items sold by you, unless you have a valid reason as set out in an eBay policy, for example, the buyer fails to comply with the posted terms in your listing or you cannot contact the buyer;
manipulate the price of any item or interfere with any other user's listings;
post false, inaccurate, misleading, deceptive, defamatory, or libelous content;
take any action that may undermine the feedback or ratings systems (see All about our Feedback policies);
transfer your eBay account (including Feedback) and user ID to another party without our consent;
distribute or post spam, unsolicited or bulk electronic communications, chain letters, or pyramid schemes;
distribute viruses or any other technologies that may harm eBay or the interests or property of users;
use any robot, spider, scraper, data mining tools, data gathering and extraction tools, or other automated means to access our Services for any purpose, except with the prior express permission of eBay;
interfere with the working of our Services, or impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
export or re-export any eBay application or tool, except in compliance with the export control laws of any relevant jurisdictions and in accordance with posted rules and restrictions;
infringe the copyright, trademark, patent, publicity, moral, database, and/or other intellectual property rights (collectively, "Intellectual Property Rights") that belong to or are licensed to eBay.
Some, but not all, actions that may constitute infringement are reproducing, performing, displaying, distributing, copying, reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling, or preparing derivative works from content that belongs to eBay or someone else;
infringe any Intellectual Property Rights that belong to third parties affected by your use of the Services or post content that does not belong to you;
commercialize any eBay application or any information or software associated with such application, except with the prior express permission of eBay;
harvest or otherwise collect information about users without their consent.
or
circumvent any technical measures used to provide the Services.

Sellers must meet eBay's minimum performance standards.
Failure to meet these standards may result in eBay charging you additional fees, and/or limiting, restricting, suspending, or downgrading your seller account.
If we believe you are abusing eBay and/or our Services in any way, we may, in our sole discretion and without limiting other remedies, limit, suspend, or terminate your user account(s) and access to our Services, delay or remove hosted content, remove any special status associated with your account(s), remove, not display, and/or demote listings, reduce or eliminate any discounts, and take technical and/or legal steps to prevent you from using our Services.
If we believe you are violating the policy on Offers to buy or sell outside of eBay, you may be subject to a range of actions, including limits on your buying and selling privileges, restrictions on listings and account features, suspension of your account, application of fees, and recovery of expenses for policy monitoring and enforcement.
If you are a seller and you offer or reference your contact information or ask a buyer for their contact information in the context of buying or selling outside of eBay, you may be liable to pay a final value fee applicable to that item, even if the item does not sell.
We may cancel unconfirmed accounts or accounts that have been inactive for a long time.
Additionally, we reserve the right to refuse, modify, or terminate all or part of our Services to anyone for any reason at our discretion. 4.
Policy Enforcement When a buyer or seller issue arises, we may consider the user's performance history and the specific circumstances in applying our policies.
We may choose to be more lenient with policy enforcement in an effort to do the right thing for both buyers and sellers. 5.
Fees and Taxes The fees we charge for using our Services are listed on our Standard selling fees page.
We may change our seller fees from time to time by posting the changes on the eBay site 14 days in advance, but with no advance notice required for temporary promotions or any changes that result in the reduction of fees.
If you are a seller, you are liable for transaction fees arising out of all sales made using some or all eBay Services, even if sales terms are finalized or payment is made outside of eBay.
In particular, if you offer or reference your contact information or ask a buyer for their contact information in the context of buying or selling outside of eBay, you may be liable to pay a final value fee applicable to that item, even if the item doesn't sell, given your usage of eBay Services for the introduction to a buyer.
You must have a payment method on file when selling through eBay Services and pay all fees and applicable taxes associated with our Services by the payment due date.
If your payment method fails or your account is past due, we may collect amounts owed by charging other payment methods on file with us, retain collection agencies and legal counsel, suspend or limit Services, and, for accounts over 60 days past due, request that PayPal deduct the amount owed from your PayPal account balance.
In addition, you will be subject to late fees.
eBay, or the collection agencies we retain, may also report information about your account to credit bureaus, and as a result, late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report.
If you wish to dispute the information eBay reported to a credit bureau (i.e., Experian, Equifax or TransUnion) please contact us at eBay Inc., C/O Global Collections, 7700 West Parmer Lane, Building D, Austin, TX 78729.
If you wish to dispute the information a collection agency reported to a credit bureau regarding your eBay account, you must contact the collection agency directly.
In any jurisdiction where eBay has an obligation to collect sales taxes on sales you make using eBay Services, we may collect such sales taxes from you via the payment method on file under the terms of the Billing Agreement or via any other means available to us.
Seller fees don't purchase exclusive rights to item exposure on eBay, whether on a web page, mobile app, or otherwise.
We may display third-party advertisements (including links and references thereto) or other content in any part of our Services, in our sole discretion and without consent from, or payment, fee reduction, or other credit to, sellers. 6.
Listing Conditions When listing an item for sale on eBay Services, you agree to comply with eBay's Listing policies and Selling practices policy and that:

You are responsible for the accuracy and content of the listing and item offered,
Your listing may not be immediately searchable by keyword or category for several hours (or up to 24 hours in some circumstances).
eBay can't guarantee exact listing durations,
Your fixed-price listings currently renew automatically every 30 days, based on the listing terms at that time, until the quantities sell out or until you cancel the listing.
Your fixed-price listings may renew automatically every calendar month, based on the listing terms at the time, until all quantities sell or the listing is ended by you or eBay, in its sole discretion,
Content that violates any of eBay's policies may be modified, obfuscated or deleted at eBay's discretion,
We may revise product data associated with listings to supplement, remove, or correct information,
We strive to create a marketplace where buyers find what they are looking for.
Therefore, the appearance or placement of listings in search and browse results will depend on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 
buyer's location, search query, browsing site, and history;
item's location, listing format, price and shipping cost, terms of service, end time, history, and relevance to the user query;
seller's history, including listing practices, Detailed Seller Ratings, eBay policy compliance, Feedback, and defect rate.
and
number of listings matching the buyer's query,


To drive a positive user experience, a listing may not appear in some search and browse results regardless of the sort order chosen by the buyer,
Some advanced listing upgrades will only be visible on certain Services,
eBay's Duplicate listings Policy may also affect whether your listing appears in search results
Metatags and URL links that are included in a listing may be removed or altered so as to not affect third-party search engine results,
We may provide you with optional recommendations to consider when creating your listings.
Such recommendations may be based on the aggregated sales and performance history of similar sold and current listings.
results will vary for individual listings.
To drive the recommendations experience, you agree that we may display the sales and performance history of your individual listings to those of other sellers.
 7.
Purchase Conditions When buying an item on eBay Services, you agree to the Rules and policies for buyers and that:

You are responsible for reading the full item listing before making a bid or commitment to buy,
You enter into a legally binding contract to purchase an item when you commit to buy an item, your offer for an item is accepted, or if you have the winning bid (or your bid is otherwise accepted),
For motor vehicles and real estate, a bid or offer initiates a non-binding transaction representing a buyer's serious expression of interest in buying the seller's item and does not create a formal contract between the buyer and the seller,
We do not transfer legal ownership of items from the seller to the buyer,
Utah Code Annotated § 70A-2-401(2) and Uniform Commercial Code § 2-401(2) apply to the transfer of ownership between the buyer and the seller, unless the buyer and the seller agree otherwise.
 8.
International Buying and Selling.
Translation Many of our Services are accessible internationally.
We may offer certain programs, tools, and site experiences of particular interest to international sellers and buyers, such as estimated local currency conversion and international shipping calculation tools.
Sellers and buyers are responsible for complying with all laws and regulations applicable to the international sale, purchase, and shipment of items.
If you purchase an item on an eBay site other than eBay.com, you are subject to the User Agreement of that other eBay site with respect to that particular purchase.
If you purchase an item on an eBay site that is different from your registration site, you are subject to the User Agreement and applicable policies of that other eBay site with respect to that particular purchase, as detailed in the International Selling Policy.
For sellers, you agree that we may display your listing for sale on an eBay site other than the site where you listed your item for sale, based on your shipping settings.
You may adjust these settings as detailed in the International Selling Policy.
If you list your items with an international shipping option, the appearance of your listings on sites other than the listing site is not guaranteed.
If you sell an item on an eBay site that is different from your registration site, you are subject to the User Agreement and applicable policies, including any buyer protection programs, of that other eBay site with respect to that particular sale, as detailed in the International Selling Policy.
You authorize us to use automated tools to translate your eBay content and member-to-member communications, in whole or in part, into local languages where such translation solutions are available.
We may provide you with tools which will enable you to translate content at your request.
The accuracy and availability of any translation are not guaranteed.
One of the ways that we may make eBay.com listings available to international buyers on eBay.com and on eBay's international sites is through the Global Shipping Program.
For eligible items located in the United States and purchased by an international buyer through the Global Shipping Program, you (as seller) will simply ship the item to a parcel processing facility located in the United States after receiving notification of payment from the buyer.
Pitney Bowes Inc., a third-party global shipping provider, will oversee the processing, customs clearance, and international shipment of the item on behalf of your international buyer.
To the extent a buyer has a question about your Global Shipping Program listings, eBay may respond directly to the buyer if the question pertains to the services overseen by Pitney Bowes Inc.
(for example, customs or international shipping).
Sellers&nbsp;pay no additional fees for selling through the Global Shipping Program.
Pursuant to a routed export transaction under the U.S.
Export Administration Regulations and Foreign Trade Regulations, the buyer, as the Foreign Principal Party in Interest, will agree to assume responsibility for the export shipment, with Pitney Bowes Inc.
acting as your buyer's forwarding agent.
You remain liable for the accuracy of information you provide about items, and you agree to provide timely responses to requests for additional information.
You consent to the disclosure of certain personally identifiable information, as well as listing and order information, by eBay to Pitney Bowes Inc., and by Pitney Bowes Inc.
to its affiliates, service providers, and other third parties (such as customs and revenue authorities, as well as other government agencies), in connection with the processing, export and customs clearance, and international transportation of any item.
eBay does not control the privacy policies of Pitney Bowes Inc., its affiliates, or its service providers, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those parties, as applicable.
Additional information about the program, including policies governing feedback, the handling of lost, damaged, and undeliverable items, returns, and the resolution of buyer protection claims for items that you sell through the program, can be found on our Global Shipping Program - opens in new window or tab and Global Shipping FAQs - opens in new window or tab pages. 9.
Content When you provide content using the Services (directly or indirectly), you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise any and all Intellectual Property Rights you have in that content in connection with our provision, expansion, and promotion of the Services, in any media known now or developed in the future.
To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, you waive your right to enforce your Intellectual Property Rights in that content against eBay, our assignees, our sublicensees, and their assignees in connection with our, those assignees', and those sublicensees' use of that content in connection with our provision, expansion, and promotion of the Services.
You represent and warrant that, for all such content you provide, you own or otherwise control all necessary rights to do so and to meet your obligations under this User Agreement.
You represent and warrant that such content is accurate.
You represent and warrant that use of any such content (including derivative works) by us, our users, or others in contract with us, and in compliance with this User Agreement, does not and will not infringe any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party.
eBay takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content provided by you or any third party.
We offer product data (including images, descriptions and specifications) that are provided by third parties (including eBay users).
You may use that content solely in your eBay listings.
eBay may modify or revoke that permission at any time in our sole discretion.
The product data includes copyrighted, trademarked and other proprietary materials.
You agree not to remove any copyright, proprietary, or identification markings in the product data and not to create any derivative works based on that data (other than by including the data in your listings).
We try to offer reliable product data, but cannot promise that the content provided through the Services will always be available, accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
You agree that eBay is not responsible for examining or warranting the listings or content provided by third parties through the Services, and that you will not attempt to hold us or our data providers liable for inaccuracies.
As a seller, you agree to ensure that content directly associated with your listings is accurate.
The name "eBay" and other eBay marks, logos, designs, and phrases that we use in connection with our Services are trademarks, service marks, or trade dress of eBay in the U.S.
and other countries.
They may not be used without the express written prior permission of eBay. 10.
Notice for Claims of Intellectual Property Violations and Copyright Infringement Pursuant to Section 512(c) of Title 17 of the United States Code We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement under the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
eBay's Verified Rights Owner (VeRO) program works to ensure that listed items and content on our site or in our apps do not infringe upon the copyright, trademark, or certain other intellectual property rights of third parties.
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed, please notify our VeRO team and we will investigate.
Learn how to submit a notice to eBay - opens in new window or tab. 11.
Holds and Restricted Funds To protect eBay from risk of liability for your actions as a seller, eBay has at times recommended, and may continue to recommend, that PayPal restrict access to funds in a seller's PayPal account based on certain factors, including, but not limited to, selling history, seller performance, returns, riskiness of the listing category, transaction value, or the filing of an eBay Money Back Guarantee case.
This may result in PayPal restricting funds in your PayPal account.
In connection with managed payments as described in Section 14, we may also restrict user access to funds based on the factors described in the Payments Terms of Use. 12.
Authorization to Contact You.
Recording Calls.
Analyzing Message Content eBay may contact you using autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages, at any telephone number that you have provided us, to: (i) notify you regarding your account.
(ii) troubleshoot problems with your account.
(iii) resolve a dispute.
(iv) collect a debt.
(v) poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires.
or (vi) as otherwise necessary to service your account or enforce this User Agreement, our policies, applicable law, or any other agreement we may have with you.
eBay may also contact you using autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages for marketing purposes (e.g., offers and promotions), if you consent to such communications.
Our collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information is governed by the User Privacy Notice.
As described in our User Privacy Notice, eBay may collect other telephone numbers for you and may place manual non-marketing calls to any of those numbers and autodialed non-marketing calls to any landline.
Standard telephone minute and text charges may apply and may include overage fees if you have exceeded your plan limits.
If you do not wish to receive such communications, you may change your communications preference at any time, including through the communication preferences - opens in new window or tab section of your My eBay.
eBay may share your telephone number with its authorized service providers as stated in our User Privacy Notice.
These service providers may contact you using autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages, only as authorized by eBay to carry out the purposes identified above.
eBay may, without further notice or warning and in its discretion, monitor or record telephone conversations you or anyone acting on your behalf has with eBay or its agents for quality control and training purposes, or for its own protection.
eBay's automated systems scan and analyze the contents of every message sent through its messages platform, including messages between users, to detect and prevent fraudulent activity or violations of eBay's User Agreement, including the incorporated terms, notices, rules, and policies.
This scanning and analysis may occur before, during, or after the message is sent, or while in storage, and may result in your message being delayed or withheld.
eBay may store message contents, including to conduct this scanning and analysis. Privacy of Others.
Marketing If eBay provides you with information about another user, you agree you will use the information only for the purposes that it is provided to you.
You may not disclose, sell, rent, or distribute a user's information to a third party for purposes unrelated to the Services.
Additionally, you may not use user information for marketing purposes, via electronic or other means, unless you obtain the consent of the specific user to do so. 13.
Additional Terms Returns and Cancellations Sellers can create rules to automate replacements, returns, and refunds under certain circumstances.
For all new sellers, in listings where returns are accepted, eBay will set a default rule that automates the return process.
Sellers may remove or customize their return preferences in their account settings within My eBay.
Where settings have been set to automatically accept requests for returns or replacements, an eBay-generated return shipping label will be provided to your buyer.
You agree to comply with our returns policy.
When an item is returned, to refund the buyer, you (as seller) authorize eBay to request that PayPal remove the refund amount (in same or other currency) from your PayPal account, place the amount on your invoice, and/or charge your payment method on file.
The cost of return shipping for an item that is not as described is the seller's responsibility.
You (as seller) authorize eBay to place the return shipping label cost on your invoice, subject to your automatic payment method on file when:

An eBay-generated return shipping label is used, and the seller is responsible for its cost;
Returns have been automated;
You fail to send your buyer a return shipping label and, instead, an eBay-generated shipping label is used.
and/or
A transaction is cancelled, and to refund the buyer, you (as seller) authorize eBay to request that PayPal remove the refund amount (in same or other currency) from your PayPal account.
See canceling a transaction for more details.
 eBay Money Back Guarantee Most eBay sales go smoothly, but if there's a problem with a purchase, the eBay Money Back Guarantee helps buyers and sellers communicate and resolve issues.
You agree to comply with the policy and permit us to make a final decision on any eBay Money Back Guarantee case.
If you (as seller), choose to reimburse a buyer, or are required to reimburse a buyer or eBay under the eBay Money Back Guarantee, you authorize eBay to request that PayPal remove the reimbursement amount (in same or other currency) from your PayPal account, place the amount on your invoice, and/or charge your payment method on file.
If we cannot get reimbursement from you, we may collect the outstanding sums using other collection mechanisms, including retaining collection agencies.
We may suspend the eBay Money Back Guarantee in whole or in part without notice if we suspect abuse or interference with the proper working of the policy. 14.
Managed Payments eBay has launched a new managed payments service, where a designated eBay entity (each, a "payments entity") manages payments on behalf of sellers (such management described as "managed payments" or similar).
Some eBay sellers have already enrolled in managed payments.
eBay anticipates moving more seller accounts to managed payments in phases starting in July 2020, providing notice to the affected sellers as they are scheduled to be moved.
When we enable your account for managed payments, to continue to list and sell on eBay, as directed by the payments entity, each transitioned eBay seller registered in the US must:

provide the payments entity with information about you and/or your business to meet its compliance requirements, including those involving identity verification, anti-money laundering controls, and sanctions screening as required by applicable laws and policies.
and
pass such verification and screening and otherwise meet the compliance requirements of the payments entity, as determined by the payments entity.
and
provide bank account information for a U.S.-based checking account so that the payments entity can link such checking account to your eBay account, allowing the payments entity to pay you

In addition:

the payments entity may obtain information about you from third-parties to verify your identity, comply with anti-money laundering and sanctions screening obligations, and for other purposes in connection with managed payments
the payments entity may use third-party payments service providers to assist it in providing managed payments services, including companies that process payments, perform risk assessments (such as credit agencies) or compliance checks, verify identity, and validate payment methods.
eBay, the payments entity, and their affiliates may send personal data associated with you and your account to such third-parties

The payments entity may, in its sole discretion, manage payments on your behalf even if you haven't provided all requested information, and the payments entity may withhold payouts pending receipt of such information.
The complete terms governing sellers' use of managed payments are available in the Payments Terms of Use - opens in new window or tab, incorporated herein.
You agree to the Payments Terms of Use - opens in new window or tab to the extent applicable to you, whether or not your account has been enabled for managed payments.
The contract for sale underlying the purchase of goods is directly concluded between seller and the buyer in the same manner as for transactions for which the payments entity does not manage payments.
If you are a buyer completing a purchase from a seller that is using managed payments:

You may pay for such items using those payment methods that the payments entity makes available, and the payments entity will manage settlement to sellers.
By completing purchases from sellers who use managed payments, buyers authorize the payments entity to initiate payments using the buyers' selected payment method and collect the transaction amounts on behalf of sellers.
Buyers agree and understand that, with respect to payments transactions initiated on ebay.com, the applicable payments entity is eBay Commerce Inc.
("eCI"), and that eCI has been appointed as an agent of sellers who use managed payments for the limited purpose of accepting such payments on behalf of sellers.
Accordingly, payments received by eCI from buyers satisfy buyers' obligations to pay sellers in the amount of payments received
In certain instances, your transaction may be declined, frozen, or held for any reason including for suspected fraud, AML compliance, compliance with economic or trade sanctions, in connection with eBay’s internal risk controls or due to potential violations of any policy of eBay or the payments entity, or a policy of one of the payments entity's third party payments services providers
eBay, the payments entity or its affiliates may save payment information, such as credit card or debit card numbers, and card expiration dates, entered by you on eBay Services when you make a purchase, redeem a coupon, or make any other transaction on eBay Services where card information is entered.
Such stored payment information may be used as your default payment method for future transactions on eBay Services.
At any time, you can update your card information or enter new card information, at which point the new card information shall be stored as your default payment method.
You may make changes to your default payment method through the Personal Information section under the Account tab in My eBay.
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of information we have on file, and you consent to eBay updating such stored information from time to time based on information provided by you, your bank or other payments services providers.
You will only provide information about payment methods that you are authorized to use.
You may seek returns or cancellations on eBay Services, or file eBay Money Back Guarantee claims on eBay Services, in the same manner as you do for transactions for which the payments entity does not manage payments.
The payments entity refunds amounts paid for successful eBay Money Back Guarantee claims and returned or cancelled transactions in cases where the original payment was managed by the payments entity.
Refund timing may vary in accordance with the rules of third parties, such as credit and debit card networks
You agree to comply with, and not cause a third party to violate, all applicable laws, regulations, rules and terms and conditions in connection with the use of managed payments.
You understand that some third parties, such as credit and debit card issuers, credit and debit card networks and payments services providers, may have their own terms and conditions for the payment or settlement methods you choose to use in connection with managed payments transactions.
Failure to abide by third party terms and conditions may result in fees assessed to you (for example, currency conversion fees from your credit card issuer if the transaction currency is different from your credit card currency) or other actions taken by such third parties, and you agree that the payments entity has no control over, or responsibility or liability for, such fees or actions
 15.
Disclaimer of Warranties.
Limitation of Liability We try to keep our Services safe, secure, and functioning properly, but we cannot guarantee the continuous operation of or access to our Services.
Bid update and other notification functionality in eBay's applications may not occur in real time.
Such functionality is subject to delays beyond eBay's control.
You agree that you are making use of our Services at your own risk, and that they are being provided to you on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis.
Accordingly, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all express or implied warranties, terms and conditions including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we (including our parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and our and their officers, directors, agents and employees) are not liable, and you agree not to hold us responsible, for any damages or losses (including, but not limited to, loss of money, goodwill or reputation, profits, other intangible losses, or any special, indirect, or consequential damages) resulting directly or indirectly from:

the content you provide (directly or indirectly) using the Services;
your use of or your inability to use our Services;
pricing, shipping, format, or other guidance provided by eBay;
delays or disruptions in our Services;
viruses or other malicious software obtained by accessing or linking to our Services;
glitches, bugs, errors, or inaccuracies of any kind in our Services;
damage to your hardware device from the use of any eBay Service;
the content, actions, or inactions of third parties, including items listed using our Services or the destruction of allegedly fake items;
a suspension or other action taken with respect to your account or breach of the Abusing eBay Section above;
the duration or manner in which your listings appear in search results as set out in the Listing Conditions Section above.
or
your need to modify practices, content, or behavior, or your loss of or inability to do business, as a result of changes to this User Agreement or our policies.

Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of warranties or exclusion of damages, so such disclaimers and exclusions may not apply to you.
Regardless of the previous paragraphs, if we are found to be liable, our liability to you or to any third party is limited to the greater of (a) any amounts due under the eBay Money Back Guarantee up to the price the item sold for on eBay (including any applicable sales tax) and its original shipping costs, (b) the amount of fees in dispute not to exceed the total fees, which you paid to us in the 12 months prior to the action giving rise to the liability, or (c) $100. 16.
Release If you have a dispute with one or more users, you release us (and our affiliates and subsidiaries, and our and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
In entering into this release you expressly waive any protections (whether statutory or otherwise) that would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims which you may know or suspect to exist in your favor at the time of agreeing to this release.
 17.
Indemnity You will indemnify and hold us (including our affiliates and subsidiaries, as well as our and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents) harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable legal fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of this User Agreement, your improper use of eBay's Services or your breach of any law or the rights of a third party. 18.
Legal Disputes 
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY.
IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS AND WILL HAVE A SUBSTANTIAL IMPACT ON HOW CLAIMS YOU AND EBAY HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED.


You and eBay agree that any claim or dispute at law or equity that has arisen, or may arise, between you and eBay (including any claim or dispute between you and a third-party agent of eBay) that relates in any way to or arises out of this or previous versions of this User Agreement, your use of or access to the Services, the actions of eBay or its agents, or any products or services sold or purchased through the Services, will be resolved in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Legal Disputes Section.
 A.
Applicable Law You agree that, except to the extent inconsistent with or preempted by federal law, the laws of the State of Utah, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern this User Agreement and any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and eBay, except as otherwise stated in this User Agreement. B.
Agreement to Arbitrate 
You and eBay each agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen, or may arise, between you and eBay (including any disputes or claims between you and a third-party agent of eBay) that relate in any way to or arise out of this or previous versions of the User Agreement, your use of or access to the Services, the actions of eBay or its agents, or any products or services sold, offered, or purchased through the Services shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, rather than in court.
Alternatively, you may assert your claims in small claims court, if your claims qualify and so long as the matter remains in such court and advances only on an individual (non-class, non-representative) basis.
The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement to Arbitrate.



Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief

YOU AND EBAY AGREE THAT EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, OR REPRESENTATIVE OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
UNLESS BOTH YOU AND EBAY AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S OR PARTY'S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE, CLASS, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
ALSO, THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY'S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S).
ANY RELIEF AWARDED CANNOT AFFECT OTHER USERS. If a court decides that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of this paragraph's limitations as to a particular claim for relief, then that claim (and only that claim) must be severed from the arbitration and may be brought in court, subject to your and eBay's right to appeal the court's decision.
All other claims will be arbitrated.


Arbitration Procedures
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, and court review of an arbitration award is very limited.
However, an arbitrator can award the same damages and relief on an individual basis that a court can award to an individual.
An arbitrator should apply the terms of the User Agreement as a court would.
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to arbitrability, the scope or enforceability of this Agreement to Arbitrate, or the interpretation of Section 1 of this Agreement to Arbitrate ("Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief"), shall be for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures, including the AAA's Consumer Arbitration Rules (as applicable), as modified by this Agreement to Arbitrate.
The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org.
The use of the word "arbitrator" in this provision shall not be construed to prohibit more than one arbitrator from presiding over an arbitration.
rather, the AAA's rules will govern the number of arbitrators that may preside over an arbitration conducted under this Agreement to Arbitrate.
A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a completed form Notice of Dispute ("Notice").
You may download a form Notice - opens in new window or tab.
The Notice to eBay should be sent to eBay Inc., Attn: Litigation Department, Re: Notice of Dispute, 583 W.
eBay Way, Draper, UT 84020.
eBay will send any Notice to you to the physical address we have on file associated with your eBay account.
it is your responsibility to keep your physical address up to date.
All information called for in the Notice must be provided, including a description of the nature and basis of the claims the party is asserting and the relief sought.
If you and eBay are unable to resolve the claims described in the Notice within 30 days after the Notice is sent, you or eBay may initiate arbitration proceedings.
A form for initiating arbitration proceedings is available on the AAA's site at www.adr.org.
In addition to filing this form with the AAA in accordance with its rules and procedures, the party initiating the arbitration must mail a copy of the completed form to the opposing party.
You may send a copy to eBay at the following address: eBay, Inc.
c/o CT Corporation System, 1108 E South Union Ave., Midvale, UT 84047.
In the event eBay initiates an arbitration against you, it will send a copy of the completed form to the physical address we have on file associated with your eBay account.
Any settlement offer made by you or eBay shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator.
The arbitration hearing shall be held in the county in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location.
If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, you or eBay may elect to have the arbitration conducted by telephone or based solely on written submissions, which election shall be binding on you and eBay subject to the arbitrator's discretion to require an in-person hearing, if the circumstances warrant.
In cases where an in-person hearing is held, you and/or eBay may attend by telephone, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise.
The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with applicable law, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law.
The arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving different users, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same eBay user to the extent required by applicable law.
The arbitrator's award shall be final and binding and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.


Costs of Arbitration
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules, unless otherwise stated in this Agreement to Arbitrate.
If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, at your request, eBay will pay all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration.
Any request for payment of fees by eBay should be submitted by mail to the AAA along with your Demand for Arbitration and eBay will make arrangements to pay all necessary fees directly to the AAA.
If (a) you willfully fail to comply with the Notice of Dispute requirement discussed above, or (b) in the event the arbitrator determines the claim(s) you assert in the arbitration to be frivolous, you agree to reimburse eBay for all fees associated with the arbitration paid by eBay on your behalf that you otherwise would be obligated to pay under the AAA's rules.


Severability
With the exception of any of the provisions in Section 1 of this Agreement to Arbitrate ("Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief"), if an arbitrator or court decides that any part of this Agreement to Arbitrate is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of this Agreement to Arbitrate shall still apply.


Opt-Out Procedure

IF YOU ARE A NEW USER OF OUR SERVICES, YOU CAN CHOOSE TO REJECT THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE ("OPT-OUT") BY MAILING US A WRITTEN OPT-OUT NOTICE ("OPT-OUT NOTICE").
THE OPT-OUT NOTICE MUST BE POSTMARKED NO LATER THAN 30 DAYS AFTER THE DATE YOU ACCEPT THE USER AGREEMENT FOR THE FIRST TIME.
YOU MUST MAIL THE OPT-OUT NOTICE TO EBAY INC., ATTN: LITIGATION DEPARTMENT, RE: OPT-OUT NOTICE, 583 WEST EBAY WAY, DRAPER, UT 84020.

For your convenience, we are providing an Opt-Out Notice form - opens in new window or tab.
You must complete and mail that to us in order to opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate.
You must complete the Opt-Out Notice form by providing the information called for in the form, including your name, address (including street address, city, state and zip code), and the user ID(s) and email address(es) associated with the eBay Service account(s) to which the opt-out applies.
You must sign the Opt-Out Notice for it to be effective.
This procedure is the only way you can opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate.
If you opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate, all other parts of this User Agreement and its Legal Disputes Section will continue to apply to you.
Opting out of this Agreement to Arbitrate has no effect on any previous, other, or future arbitration agreements that you may have with us.


Future Amendments to the Agreement to Arbitrate
Notwithstanding any provision in the User Agreement to the contrary, you and we agree that if we make any amendment to this Agreement to Arbitrate (other than an amendment to any notice address or site link provided herein) in the future, that amendment shall not apply to any claim that was filed in a legal proceeding against eBay prior to the effective date of the amendment.
The amendment shall apply to all other disputes or claims governed by the Agreement to Arbitrate that have arisen or may arise between you and eBay.
We will notify you of amendments to this Agreement to Arbitrate by posting the amended terms on www.eBay.com at least 30 days before the effective date of the amendments and by providing notice through the eBay Message Center and/or by email.
If you do not agree to these amended terms, you may close your account within the 30-day period and you will not be bound by the amended terms.

 C.
Judicial Forum for Legal Disputes Unless you and we agree otherwise, in the event that the Agreement to Arbitrate above is found not to apply to you or to a particular claim or dispute, either as a result of your decision to opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate or as a result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order, you agree that any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and eBay must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in Salt Lake County, Utah.
You and eBay agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Salt Lake County, Utah for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes. 19.
General Except as otherwise provided in this User Agreement, if any provision of this User Agreement is held to be invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, such provision shall be struck out and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
In our sole discretion, we may assign this User Agreement, and in such event, we will post notice on www.ebay.com - opens in new window or tab.
Headings are for reference purposes only and do not limit the scope or extent of such Section.
Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches.
We do not guarantee we will take action against all breaches of this User Agreement.
We may amend this User Agreement at any time by posting the amended terms on www.eBay.com.
Our right to amend the User Agreement includes the right to modify, add to, or remove terms in the User Agreement.
We will provide you 30 days' notice by posting the amended terms.
Additionally, we will notify you through the eBay Message Center and/or by email.
Your continued access or use of our Services constitutes your acceptance of the amended terms.
We may also ask you to acknowledge your acceptance of the User Agreement through an electronic click-through.
This User Agreement may not otherwise be amended except through mutual agreement by you and an eBay representative who intends to amend this User Agreement and is duly authorized to agree to such an amendment.
The policies and terms posted on our Services may be changed from time to time.
Changes take effect when we post them on the eBay Service.
If you create or use an account on behalf of a business entity, you represent that you are authorized to act on behalf of such business and bind the business to this User Agreement.
Such account is owned and controlled by the business entity.
No agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this User Agreement.
The User Agreement and all terms and polices posted through our Services set forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and eBay, and supersede all prior understandings and agreements of the parties.
The following Sections survive any termination of this User Agreement: Fees, Content, Disclaimer of Warranties.
Limitation of Liability.
Release, Indemnity, Legal Disputes, and General.
If you are a California resident, in accordance with Cal.
Civ.
Code §1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
Pursuant to 815 ILCS 414/1.5(c), for transactions involving tickets to events in Illinois, buyers and sellers may elect to submit complaints against one another to the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures.
The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org.
Such complaints shall be decided by an independent arbitrator in accordance with this User Agreement.
Buyers and sellers further agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the State of Illinois for complaints involving a ticketed event held in Illinois. Previous User Agreement 
This User Agreement is effective upon acceptance for new users, and from August 30, 2019 for existing users.

 Introduction This User Agreement, the Mobile Application Terms of Use, and all policies and additional terms posted on and in our sites, applications, tools and services (collectively "Services") set out the terms on which eBay offers you access to and use of our Services.
You can find an overview of our policies here.
The Mobile Application Terms of Use, all policies and additional terms posted on and in our sites, applications, tools, and services are incorporated into this User Agreement.
You agree to comply with all terms of this User Agreement when accessing or using our Services.
The entity you are contracting with is: eBay Inc., 2025 Hamilton Ave., San Jose, CA 95125, if you reside in the United States.
eBay (UK) Limited, 1 More London Place, London, SE1 2AF, United Kingdom, if you reside in the United Kingdom.
eBay GmbH, Albert-Einstein-Ring 2-6, 14532 Kleinmachnow, Germany, if you reside outside the United Kingdom but within the European Union.
eBay Canada Limited, 500 King Street West, Suite 200, Toronto, ON M5V 1L9, Canada, if you reside in Canada.
if you reside in India, eBay Singapore Services Pte Ltd., 10 Collyer Quay, #10-01 Ocean Financial Centre, Singapore 049315.
and eBay Marketplaces GmbH, Helvetiastrasse 15/17, 3005, Bern, Switzerland, if you reside in any other country.
In this User Agreement, these entities are individually and collectively referred to as "eBay," "we," or "us."

Please be advised that this User Agreement contains provisions that govern how claims you and we have against each other are resolved (see "Disclaimer of Warranties.
Limitation of Liability" and "Legal Disputes" provisions below).
It also contains an Agreement to Arbitrate which will, with limited exception, require you to submit claims you have against us or our agents to binding and final arbitration, unless you opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate (see Legal Disputes, Section B ("Agreement to Arbitrate")).
If you do not opt out: (1) you will only be permitted to pursue claims against us or our agents on an individual basis, not as a plaintiff or class member in any class or representative action or proceeding and (2) you will only be permitted to seek relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) on an individual basis.
 About eBay eBay is a marketplace that allows users to offer, sell and buy just about anything in a variety of pricing formats and locations.
The actual contract for sale is directly between the seller and buyer.
eBay is not a traditional auctioneer.
Any guidance we provide as part of our Services, such as pricing, shipping, listing, and sourcing is solely informational and you may decide to follow it or not.
Also, while we may help facilitate the resolution of disputes through various programs, eBay has no control over and does not guarantee: the existence, quality, safety or legality of items advertised.
the truth or accuracy of users' content or listings.
the ability of sellers to sell items.
the ability of buyers to pay for items.
or that a buyer or seller will actually complete a transaction or return an item. Using eBay In connection with using or accessing the Services you will not:

post, list or upload content or items in inappropriate categories or areas on our sites;
breach or circumvent any laws, regulations, third-party rights or our systems, policies, or determinations of your account status;
use our Services if you are not able to form legally binding contracts (for example, if you are under 18 years old), or are temporarily or indefinitely suspended from using our sites, services, applications or tools;
fail to pay for items purchased by you, unless you have a valid reason as set out in an eBay policy, for example, the seller has materially changed the item's description after you bid, a clear typographical error is made, or you cannot contact the seller (see our Unpaid item policy);
fail to deliver items sold by you, unless you have a valid reason as set out in an eBay policy, for example, the buyer fails to comply with the posted terms in your listing or you cannot contact the buyer;
manipulate the price of any item or interfere with any other user's listings;
post false, inaccurate, misleading, deceptive, defamatory, or libelous content;
take any action that may undermine the feedback or ratings systems (see All about our Feedback policies);
transfer your eBay account (including Feedback) and user ID to another party without our consent;
distribute or post spam, unsolicited or bulk electronic communications, chain letters, or pyramid schemes;
distribute viruses or any other technologies that may harm eBay or the interests or property of users;
use any robot, spider, scraper, data mining tools, data gathering and extraction tools, or other automated means to access our Services for any purpose, except with the prior express permission of eBay;
interfere with the working of our Services, or impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
export or re-export any eBay application or tool, except in compliance with the export control laws of any relevant jurisdictions and in accordance with posted rules and restrictions;
infringe the copyright, trademark, patent, publicity, moral, database, and/or other intellectual property rights (collectively, "Intellectual Property Rights") that belong to or are licensed to eBay.
Some, but not all, actions that may constitute infringement are reproducing, performing, displaying, distributing, copying, reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling, or preparing derivative works from content that belongs to eBay or someone else;
infringe any Intellectual Property Rights that belong to third parties affected by your use of the Services or post content that does not belong to you;
commercialize any eBay application or any information or software associated with such application, except with the prior express permission of eBay;
harvest or otherwise collect information about users without their consent.
or
circumvent any technical measures used to provide the Services.

Sellers must meet eBay's minimum performance standards.
Failure to meet these standards may result in eBay charging you additional fees, and/or limiting, restricting, suspending, or downgrading your seller account.
If we believe you are abusing eBay and/or our Services in any way, we may, in our sole discretion and without limiting other remedies, limit, suspend, or terminate your user account(s) and access to our Services, delay or remove hosted content, remove any special status associated with your account(s), remove, not display, and/or demote listings, reduce or eliminate any discounts, and take technical and/or legal steps to prevent you from using our Services.
If we believe you are violating the policy on Offers to buy or sell outside of eBay, you may be subject to a range of actions, including limits on your buying and selling privileges, restrictions on listings and account features, suspension of your account, application of fees, and recovery of expenses for policy monitoring and enforcement.
If you are a seller and you offer or reference your contact information or ask a buyer for their contact information in the context of buying or selling outside of eBay, you may be liable to pay a final value fee applicable to that item, even if the item does not sell.
We may cancel unconfirmed accounts or accounts that have been inactive for a long time.
Additionally, we reserve the right to refuse, modify, or terminate all or part of our Services to anyone for any reason at our discretion. Policy Enforcement When a buyer or seller issue arises, we may consider the user's performance history and the specific circumstances in applying our policies.
We may choose to be more lenient with policy enforcement in an effort to do the right thing for both buyers and sellers. Fees and Taxes The fees we charge for using our Services are listed on our Standard selling fees page.
We may change our seller fees from time to time by posting the changes on the eBay site 14 days in advance, but with no advance notice required for temporary promotions or any changes that result in the reduction of fees.
If you are a seller, you are liable for transaction fees arising out of all sales made using some or all eBay Services, even if sales terms are finalized or payment is made outside of eBay.
In particular, if you offer or reference your contact information or ask a buyer for their contact information in the context of buying or selling outside of eBay, you may be liable to pay a final value fee applicable to that item, even if the item doesn't sell, given your usage of eBay Services for the introduction to a buyer.
You must have a payment method on file when selling through eBay Services and pay all fees and applicable taxes associated with our Services by the payment due date.
If your payment method fails or your account is past due, we may collect amounts owed by charging other payment methods on file with us, retain collection agencies and legal counsel, and, for accounts over 60 days past due, request that PayPal deduct the amount owed from your PayPal account balance.
In addition, you will be subject to late fees.
eBay, or the collection agencies we retain, may also report information about your account to credit bureaus, and as a result, late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report.
If you wish to dispute the information eBay reported to a credit bureau (i.e., Experian, Equifax or TransUnion) please contact us at eBay Inc., C/O Global Collections, 7700 West Parmer Lane, Building D, Austin, TX 78729.
If you wish to dispute the information a collection agency reported to a credit bureau regarding your eBay account, you must contact the collection agency directly.
In any jurisdiction where eBay has an obligation to collect sales taxes on sales you make using eBay Services, we may collect such sales taxes from you via the payment method on file under the terms of the Billing Agreement or via any other means available to us.
Seller fees don't purchase exclusive rights to item exposure on eBay, whether on a web page, mobile app, or otherwise.
We may display third-party advertisements (including links and references thereto) or other content in any part of our Services, in our sole discretion and without consent from, or payment, fee reduction, or other credit to, sellers. Listing Conditions When listing an item for sale on eBay Services, you agree to comply with eBay's Listing policies and Selling practices policy and that:

You are responsible for the accuracy and content of the listing and item offered,
Your listing may not be immediately searchable by keyword or category for several hours (or up to 24 hours in some circumstances).
eBay can't guarantee exact listing durations,
Your fixed-price listings currently renew automatically every 30 days, based on the listing terms at that time, until the quantities sell out or until you cancel the listing.
Effective July 1, 2019, your fixed-price listings may renew automatically every calendar month, based on the listing terms at the time, until all quantities sell or the listing is ended by you or eBay, in its sole discretion,
Content that violates any of eBay's policies may be modified, obfuscated or deleted at eBay's discretion,
We may revise product data associated with listings to supplement, remove, or correct information,
We strive to create a marketplace where buyers find what they are looking for.
Therefore, the appearance or placement of listings in search and browse results will depend on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 
buyer's location, search query, browsing site, and history;
item's location, listing format, price and shipping cost, terms of service, end time, history, and relevance to the user query;
seller's history, including listing practices, Detailed Seller Ratings, eBay policy compliance, Feedback, and defect rate.
and
number of listings matching the buyer's query,


To drive a positive user experience, a listing may not appear in some search and browse results regardless of the sort order chosen by the buyer,
Some advanced listing upgrades will only be visible on certain Services,
eBay's Duplicate listings Policy may also affect whether your listing appears in search results
Metatags and URL links that are included in a listing may be removed or altered so as to not affect third-party search engine results,
We may provide you with optional recommendations to consider when creating your listings.
Such recommendations may be based on the aggregated sales and performance history of similar sold and current listings.
results will vary for individual listings.
To drive the recommendations experience, you agree that we may display the sales and performance history of your individual listings to those of other sellers.
 Purchase Conditions When buying an item on eBay Services, you agree to the Rules and policies for buyers and that:

You are responsible for reading the full item listing before making a bid or commitment to buy,
You enter into a legally binding contract to purchase an item when you commit to buy an item, your offer for an item is accepted, or if you have the winning bid (or your bid is otherwise accepted),
For motor vehicles and real estate, a bid or offer initiates a non-binding transaction representing a buyer's serious expression of interest in buying the seller's item and does not create a formal contract between the buyer and the seller,
We do not transfer legal ownership of items from the seller to the buyer,
Utah Code Annotated § 70A-2-401(2) and Uniform Commercial Code § 2-401(2) apply to the transfer of ownership between the buyer and the seller, unless the buyer and the seller agree otherwise.
 International Buying and Selling.
Translation Many of our Services are accessible to international sellers and buyers.
We may offer certain programs, tools, and site experiences of particular interest to international sellers and buyers, such as estimated local currency conversion and international shipping calculation tools.
Sellers and buyers are responsible for complying with all laws and regulations applicable to the international sale, purchase, and shipment of items.
If you purchase an item on an eBay site other than eBay.com, you are subject to the User Agreement of that other eBay site with respect to that particular purchase.
You may list your items directly on one or more of eBay's international sites.
Additionally, you may direct us to display your listing on eBay sites other than the original eBay listing site, including where you choose to list an item with an international shipping option (such as worldwide shipping or the Global Shipping Program).
the appearance of your listings on these sites is not guaranteed.
When you sell your items internationally, you agree to be subject to that other site's User Agreement, policies, and our eBay Money Back Guarantee.
You may adjust your account settings within My eBay to indicate your preferences on international shipping by excluding international shipping and applying an exclusion list to the applicable countries.
You authorize us to use automated tools to translate your eBay content and member-to-member communications, in whole or in part, into local languages where such translation solutions are available.
We may provide you with tools which will enable you to translate content at your request.
The accuracy and availability of any translation are not guaranteed. Content When you provide content using the Services (directly or indirectly), you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise any and all Intellectual Property Rights (as defined above) you have in that content in connection with our provision, expansion, and promotion of the Services, in any media known now or developed in the future.
To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, you waive your right to enforce your Intellectual Property Rights in that content against eBay, our assignees, our sublicensees, and their assignees in connection with our, those assignees', and those sublicensees' use of that content in connection with our provision, expansion, and promotion of the Services.
You represent and warrant that, for all such content you provide, you own or otherwise control all necessary rights to do so and to meet your obligations under this User Agreement.
You represent and warrant that such content is accurate.
You represent and warrant that use of any such content (including derivative works) by us, our users, or others in contract with us, and in compliance with this User Agreement, does not and will not infringe any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party.
eBay takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content provided by you or any third party.
We offer product data (including images, descriptions and specifications) that are provided by third parties (including eBay users).
You may use that content solely in your eBay listings.
eBay may modify or revoke that permission at any time in our sole discretion.
The product data includes copyrighted, trademarked and other proprietary materials.
You agree not to remove any copyright, proprietary, or identification markings in the product data and not to create any derivative works based on that data (other than by including the data in your listings).
We try to offer reliable product data, but cannot promise that the content provided through the Services will always be available, accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
You agree that eBay is not responsible for examining or warranting the listings or content provided by third parties through the Services, and that you will not attempt to hold us or our data providers liable for inaccuracies.
As a seller, you agree to ensure that content directly associated with your listings is accurate.
The name "eBay" and other eBay marks, logos, designs, and phrases that we use in connection with our Services are trademarks, service marks, or trade dress of eBay in the U.S.
and other countries.
They may not be used without the express written prior permission of eBay. Notice for Claims of Intellectual Property Violations and Copyright Infringement Pursuant to Section 512(c) of Title 17 of the United States Code We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement under the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
eBay's Verified Rights Owner (VeRO) program works to ensure that listed items and content on our site or in our apps do not infringe upon the copyright, trademark, or certain other intellectual property rights of third parties.
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed, please notify our VeRO team and we will investigate.
Learn how to submit a notice to eBay - opens in new window or tab. Holds To protect eBay from risk of liability for your actions as a seller, eBay has at times recommended, and may continue to recommend, that PayPal restrict access to funds in a seller's PayPal account based on certain factors, including, but not limited to, selling history, seller performance, returns, riskiness of the listing category, transaction value, or the filing of an eBay Money Back Guarantee case.
This may result in PayPal restricting funds in your PayPal account. Authorization to Contact You.
Recording Calls.
Analyzing Message Content eBay may contact you using autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages, at any telephone number that you have provided us, to: (i) notify you regarding your account.
(ii) troubleshoot problems with your account.
(iii) resolve a dispute.
(iv) collect a debt.
(v) poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires.
or (vi) as otherwise necessary to service your account or enforce this User Agreement, our policies, applicable law, or any other agreement we may have with you.
eBay may also contact you using autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages for marketing purposes (e.g., offers and promotions), if you consent to such communications.
Our collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information is governed by the User Privacy Notice.
As described in our User Privacy Notice, eBay may collect other telephone numbers for you and may place manual non-marketing calls to any of those numbers and autodialed non-marketing calls to any landline.
Standard telephone minute and text charges may apply and may include overage fees if you have exceeded your plan limits.
If you do not wish to receive such communications, you may change your communications preference at any time, including through the communication preferences - opens in new window or tab section of your My eBay.
eBay may share your telephone number with its authorized service providers as stated in our User Privacy Notice.
These service providers may contact you using autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages, only as authorized by eBay to carry out the purposes identified above.
eBay may, without further notice or warning and in its discretion, monitor or record telephone conversations you or anyone acting on your behalf has with eBay or its agents for quality control and training purposes, or for its own protection.
eBay's automated systems scan and analyze the contents of every message sent through its messages platform, including messages between users, to detect and prevent fraudulent activity or violations of eBay's User Agreement, including the incorporated terms, notices, rules, and policies.
This scanning and analysis may occur before, during, or after the message is sent, or while in storage, and may result in your message being delayed or withheld.
eBay may store message contents, including to conduct this scanning and analysis. Privacy of Others.
Marketing If eBay provides you with information about another user, you agree you will use the information only for the purposes that it is provided to you.
You may not disclose, sell, rent, or distribute a user's information to a third party for purposes unrelated to the Services.
Additionally, you may not use user information for marketing purposes, via electronic or other means, unless you obtain the consent of the specific user to do so. Additional Terms 

Returns and Cancellations
 Sellers can create rules to automate replacements, returns, and refunds under certain circumstances.
For all new sellers, in listings where returns are accepted, eBay will set a default rule that automates the return process.
Sellers may remove or customize their return preferences in their account settings within My eBay.
Where settings have been set to automatically accept requests for returns or replacements, an eBay-generated return shipping label will be provided to your buyer.
You agree to comply with our returns policy. When an item is returned, to refund the buyer, you (as seller) authorize eBay to request that PayPal remove the refund amount (in same or other currency) from your PayPal account, place the amount on your invoice, and/or charge your payment method on file. The cost of return shipping for an item that is not as described is the seller's responsibility. You (as seller) authorize eBay to place the return shipping label cost on your invoice, subject to your automatic payment method on file when: 
An eBay-generated return shipping label is used, and the seller is responsible for its cost;
Returns have been automated;
You fail to send your buyer a return shipping label and, instead, an eBay-generated shipping label is used.
and/or
A transaction is cancelled, and to refund the buyer, you (as seller) authorize eBay to request that PayPal remove the refund amount (in same or other currency) from your PayPal account.
See canceling a transaction for more details.



Global Shipping Program
 One of the ways that we may make eBay.com listings available to international buyers on eBay.com and on eBay's International Sites is through the Global Shipping Program.
For eligible items located in the United States and purchased by an international buyer through the Global Shipping Program, you (as seller) will simply ship the item to a parcel processing facility located in the United States after receiving notification of payment from your buyer.
Pitney Bowes Inc., a third-party global shipping provider, will oversee the processing, customs clearance, and international shipment of the item on behalf of your international buyer.
To the extent a buyer has a question about your Global Shipping Program listings, eBay may respond directly to the buyer if the question pertains to the services overseen by Pitney Bowes Inc.
(for example, customs or international shipping).
You pay no additional fees for selling through the Global Shipping Program. Pursuant to a routed export transaction under the U.S.
Export Administration Regulations and Foreign Trade Regulations, your buyer, as the Foreign Principal Party in Interest, will agree to assume responsibility for the export shipment, with Pitney Bowes Inc.
acting as your buyer's forwarding agent.
You remain liable for the accuracy of information you provide about items, and you agree to provide timely responses to requests for additional information. You consent to the disclosure of certain personally identifiable information, as well as listing and order information, by eBay to Pitney Bowes Inc., and by Pitney Bowes Inc.
to its affiliates, service providers, and other third parties (such as customs and revenue authorities, as well as other government agencies), in connection with the processing, export and customs clearance, and international transportation of any item.
eBay does not control the privacy policies of Pitney Bowes Inc., its affiliates, or its service providers, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those parties, as applicable. Additional information about the program, including policies governing feedback, the handling of lost, damaged, and undeliverable items, returns, and the resolution of buyer protection claims for items that you sell through the program, can be found on our Global Shipping Program - opens in new window or tab and Global Shipping FAQs - opens in new window or tab pages.

eBay Money Back Guarantee
 Most eBay sales go smoothly, but if there's a problem with a purchase, the eBay Money Back Guarantee helps buyers and sellers communicate and resolve issues.
You agree to comply with the policy and permit us to make a final decision on any eBay Money Back Guarantee case. If you (as seller), choose to reimburse a buyer, or are required to reimburse a buyer or eBay under the eBay Money Back Guarantee, you authorize eBay to request that PayPal remove the reimbursement amount (in same or other currency) from your PayPal account, place the amount on your invoice, and/or charge your payment method on file.
If we cannot get reimbursement from you, we may collect the outstanding sums using other collection mechanisms, including retaining collection agencies. We may suspend the eBay Money Back Guarantee in whole or in part without notice if we suspect abuse or interference with the proper working of the policy.

Managed Payments Experience
 Certain sellers have opted their account into eBay's new managed payments service, where eBay Commerce Inc.
("eBay Commerce") manages receipt of payments on behalf of sellers (such management described herein as "managed payments" or similar references).
For items offered for sale on eBay Services by sellers using managed payments accounts such items may be paid for using certain payment methods that eBay Commerce may in its sole discretion make available, and eBay Commerce will manage settlement to sellers.
The contract for sale underlying the purchase of goods is directly concluded between seller and the buyer in the same manner as for transactions for which eBay Commerce does not manage payments. eBay Commerce may use a number of third party payments services providers to assist it in providing the managed payments experience, including companies that process payments, perform risk assessments or compliance checks, verify identity and validate payment methods. By completing purchases from sellers who use managed payments, buyers authorize eBay Commerce to initiate payments using the buyers' selected payment method and collect the transaction amounts on behalf of sellers.
Buyers agree and understand that eBay Commerce has been appointed as an agent of sellers who use managed payments for the limited purpose of accepting such payments on behalf of sellers.
Accordingly, payments received by eBay Commerce from buyers satisfy buyers' obligations to pay sellers in the amount of payments received. If you are a buyer completing a purchase from a seller that is using managed payments: 
In certain instances, your transaction may be declined, frozen, or held for any reason including for suspected fraud, AML compliance, high risk or potential violation of any eBay or eBay Commerce policies, or a policy of one of eBay Commerce's third party payments services providers.
eBay or its affiliates may automatically save payments information, such as credit card or debit card numbers, and card expiration dates, entered by you on eBay Services when you make a purchase, redeem a coupon, or make any other transaction on eBay Services where card information is entered.
Such stored payment information may be used as your default payment method for future transactions on eBay Services.
At any time, you can update your card information or enter new card information, at which point the new card information shall be stored as your default payment method.
You may make changes to your default payment method through the Personal Information section under the Account tab in My eBay.
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of information we have on file, and you consent to eBay updating such stored information from time to time based on information provided by you, your bank or other payments services providers.
You will only provide to us information about payment methods that you are authorized to use.
You may seek returns or cancellations on eBay Services, or file eBay Money Back Guarantee claims on eBay Services, in the same manner as you do for transactions for which eBay Commerce does not manage payments.
eBay Commerce will refund you amounts paid for successful eBay Money Back Guarantee claims and returned or cancelled transactions.
Refund timing may vary in accordance with the rules of third parties, such as credit and debit card networks.
You agree to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and terms and conditions in connection with the use of managed payments.
You understand that some third parties, such as credit and debit card issuers, credit and debit card networks and payments services providers, may have their own terms and conditions for the payment or settlement methods you choose to use in connection with managed payments transactions.
Failure to abide by third party terms and conditions may result in fees assessed to you (for example, currency conversion fees from your credit card issuer if the transaction currency is different from your credit card currency) or other actions taken by such third parties, and you agree that eBay Commerce has no control over, or responsibility or liability for, such fees or actions.
 For terms governing sellers' use of managed payments, please see the Seller Payments Terms of Use - opens in new window or tab.
 Disclaimer of Warranties.
Limitation of Liability We try to keep our Services safe, secure, and functioning properly, but we cannot guarantee the continuous operation of or access to our Services.
Bid update and other notification functionality in eBay's applications may not occur in real time.
Such functionality is subject to delays beyond eBay's control.
You agree that you are making use of our Services at your own risk, and that they are being provided to you on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis.
Accordingly, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all express or implied warranties, terms and conditions including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we (including our parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and our and their officers, directors, agents and employees) are not liable, and you agree not to hold us responsible, for any damages or losses (including, but not limited to, loss of money, goodwill or reputation, profits, other intangible losses, or any special, indirect, or consequential damages) resulting directly or indirectly from:

the content you provide (directly or indirectly) using the Services;
your use of or your inability to use our Services;
pricing, shipping, format, or other guidance provided by eBay;
delays or disruptions in our Services;
viruses or other malicious software obtained by accessing or linking to our Services;
glitches, bugs, errors, or inaccuracies of any kind in our Services;
damage to your hardware device from the use of any eBay Service;
the content, actions, or inactions of third parties, including items listed using our Services or the destruction of allegedly fake items;
a suspension or other action taken with respect to your account or breach of the Abusing eBay Section above;
the duration or manner in which your listings appear in search results as set out in the Listing Conditions Section above.
or
your need to modify practices, content, or behavior, or your loss of or inability to do business, as a result of changes to this User Agreement or our policies.

Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of warranties or exclusion of damages, so such disclaimers and exclusions may not apply to you.
Regardless of the previous paragraphs, if we are found to be liable, our liability to you or to any third party is limited to the greater of (a) any amounts due under the eBay Money Back Guarantee up to the price the item sold for on eBay (including any applicable sales tax) and its original shipping costs, (b) the amount of fees in dispute not to exceed the total fees, which you paid to us in the 12 months prior to the action giving rise to the liability, or (c) $100. Release If you have a dispute with one or more users, you release us (and our affiliates and subsidiaries, and our and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
In entering into this release you expressly waive any protections (whether statutory or otherwise) that would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims which you may know or suspect to exist in your favor at the time of agreeing to this release.
 Indemnity You will indemnify and hold us (including our affiliates and subsidiaries, as well as our and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents) harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable legal fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of this User Agreement, your improper use of eBay's Services or your breach of any law or the rights of a third party. Legal Disputes 
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY.
IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS AND WILL HAVE A SUBSTANTIAL IMPACT ON HOW CLAIMS YOU AND EBAY HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED.


You and eBay agree that any claim or dispute at law or equity that has arisen, or may arise, between you and eBay (including any claim or dispute between you and a third-party agent of eBay) that relates in any way to or arises out of this or previous versions of this User Agreement, your use of or access to the Services, the actions of eBay or its agents, or any products or services sold or purchased through the Services, will be resolved in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Legal Disputes Section.


A.
Applicable Law

You agree that, except to the extent inconsistent with or preempted by federal law, the laws of the State of Utah, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern this User Agreement and any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and eBay, except as otherwise stated in this User Agreement.

B.
Agreement to Arbitrate


You and eBay each agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen, or may arise, between you and eBay (including any disputes or claims between you and a third-party agent of eBay) that relate in any way to or arise out of this or previous versions of the User Agreement, your use of or access to the Services, the actions of eBay or its agents, or any products or services sold, offered, or purchased through the Services shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, rather than in court.
Alternatively, you may assert your claims in small claims court, if your claims qualify and so long as the matter remains in such court and advances only on an individual (non-class, non-representative) basis.
The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement to Arbitrate.



Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief

YOU AND EBAY AGREE THAT EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, OR REPRESENTATIVE OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
UNLESS BOTH YOU AND EBAY AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S OR PARTY'S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE, CLASS, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
ALSO, THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY'S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S).
ANY RELIEF AWARDED CANNOT AFFECT OTHER USERS. If a court decides that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of this paragraph's limitations as to a particular claim for relief, then that claim (and only that claim) must be severed from the arbitration and may be brought in court, subject to your and eBay's right to appeal the court's decision.
All other claims will be arbitrated.


Arbitration Procedures
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, and court review of an arbitration award is very limited.
However, an arbitrator can award the same damages and relief on an individual basis that a court can award to an individual.
An arbitrator should apply the terms of the User Agreement as a court would.
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to arbitrability, the scope or enforceability of this Agreement to Arbitrate, or the interpretation of Section 1 of this Agreement to Arbitrate ("Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief"), shall be for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures, including the AAA's Consumer Arbitration Rules (as applicable), as modified by this Agreement to Arbitrate.
The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org.
The use of the word "arbitrator" in this provision shall not be construed to prohibit more than one arbitrator from presiding over an arbitration.
rather, the AAA's rules will govern the number of arbitrators that may preside over an arbitration conducted under this Agreement to Arbitrate.
A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a completed form Notice of Dispute ("Notice").
You may download a form Notice - opens in new window or tab.
The Notice to eBay should be sent to eBay Inc., Attn: Litigation Department, Re: Notice of Dispute, 583 W.
eBay Way, Draper, UT 84020.
eBay will send any Notice to you to the physical address we have on file associated with your eBay account.
it is your responsibility to keep your physical address up to date.
All information called for in the Notice must be provided, including a description of the nature and basis of the claims the party is asserting and the relief sought.
If you and eBay are unable to resolve the claims described in the Notice within 30 days after the Notice is sent, you or eBay may initiate arbitration proceedings.
A form for initiating arbitration proceedings is available on the AAA's site at www.adr.org.
In addition to filing this form with the AAA in accordance with its rules and procedures, the party initiating the arbitration must mail a copy of the completed form to the opposing party.
You may send a copy to eBay at the following address: eBay, Inc.
c/o CT Corporation System, 1108 E South Union Ave., Midvale, UT 84047.
In the event eBay initiates an arbitration against you, it will send a copy of the completed form to the physical address we have on file associated with your eBay account.
Any settlement offer made by you or eBay shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator.
The arbitration hearing shall be held in the county in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location.
If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, you or eBay may elect to have the arbitration conducted by telephone or based solely on written submissions, which election shall be binding on you and eBay subject to the arbitrator's discretion to require an in-person hearing, if the circumstances warrant.
In cases where an in-person hearing is held, you and/or eBay may attend by telephone, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise.
The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with applicable law, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law.
The arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving different users, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same eBay user to the extent required by applicable law.
The arbitrator's award shall be final and binding and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.


Costs of Arbitration
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules, unless otherwise stated in this Agreement to Arbitrate.
If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, at your request, eBay will pay all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration.
Any request for payment of fees by eBay should be submitted by mail to the AAA along with your Demand for Arbitration and eBay will make arrangements to pay all necessary fees directly to the AAA.
If (a) you willfully fail to comply with the Notice of Dispute requirement discussed above, or (b) in the event the arbitrator determines the claim(s) you assert in the arbitration to be frivolous, you agree to reimburse eBay for all fees associated with the arbitration paid by eBay on your behalf that you otherwise would be obligated to pay under the AAA's rules.


Severability
With the exception of any of the provisions in Section 1 of this Agreement to Arbitrate ("Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief"), if an arbitrator or court decides that any part of this Agreement to Arbitrate is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of this Agreement to Arbitrate shall still apply.


Opt-Out Procedure

IF YOU ARE A NEW USER OF OUR SERVICES, YOU CAN CHOOSE TO REJECT THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE ("OPT-OUT") BY MAILING US A WRITTEN OPT-OUT NOTICE ("OPT-OUT NOTICE").
THE OPT-OUT NOTICE MUST BE POSTMARKED NO LATER THAN 30 DAYS AFTER THE DATE YOU ACCEPT THE USER AGREEMENT FOR THE FIRST TIME.
YOU MUST MAIL THE OPT-OUT NOTICE TO EBAY INC., ATTN: LITIGATION DEPARTMENT, RE: OPT-OUT NOTICE, 583 WEST EBAY WAY, DRAPER, UT 84020.

For your convenience, we are providing an Opt-Out Notice form - opens in new window or tab.
You must complete and mail that to us in order to opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate.
You must complete the Opt-Out Notice form by providing the information called for in the form, including your name, address (including street address, city, state and zip code), and the user ID(s) and email address(es) associated with the eBay Service account(s) to which the opt-out applies.
You must sign the Opt-Out Notice for it to be effective.
This procedure is the only way you can opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate.
If you opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate, all other parts of this User Agreement and its Legal Disputes Section will continue to apply to you.
Opting out of this Agreement to Arbitrate has no effect on any previous, other, or future arbitration agreements that you may have with us.


Future Amendments to the Agreement to Arbitrate
Notwithstanding any provision in the User Agreement to the contrary, you and we agree that if we make any amendment to this Agreement to Arbitrate (other than an amendment to any notice address or site link provided herein) in the future, that amendment shall not apply to any claim that was filed in a legal proceeding against eBay prior to the effective date of the amendment.
The amendment shall apply to all other disputes or claims governed by the Agreement to Arbitrate that have arisen or may arise between you and eBay.
We will notify you of amendments to this Agreement to Arbitrate by posting the amended terms on www.eBay.com at least 30 days before the effective date of the amendments and by providing notice through the eBay Message Center and/or by email.
If you do not agree to these amended terms, you may close your account within the 30-day period and you will not be bound by the amended terms.



C.
Judicial Forum for Legal Disputes

Unless you and we agree otherwise, in the event that the Agreement to Arbitrate above is found not to apply to you or to a particular claim or dispute, either as a result of your decision to opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate or as a result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order, you agree that any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and eBay must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in Salt Lake County, Utah.
You and eBay agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Salt Lake County, Utah for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes. General Except as otherwise provided in this User Agreement, if any provision of this User Agreement is held to be invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, such provision shall be struck out and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
In our sole discretion, we may assign this User Agreement, and in such event, we will post notice on www.ebay.com - opens in new window or tab.
Headings are for reference purposes only and do not limit the scope or extent of such Section.
Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches.
We do not guarantee we will take action against all breaches of this User Agreement.
We may amend this User Agreement at any time by posting the amended terms on www.eBay.com.
Our right to amend the User Agreement includes the right to modify, add to, or remove terms in the User Agreement.
We will provide you 30 days' notice by posting the amended terms.
Additionally, we will notify you through the eBay Message Center and/or by email.
Your continued access or use of our Services constitutes your acceptance of the amended terms.
We may also ask you to acknowledge your acceptance of the User Agreement through an electronic click-through.
This User Agreement may not otherwise be amended except through mutual agreement by you and an eBay representative who intends to amend this User Agreement and is duly authorized to agree to such an amendment.
The policies and terms posted on our Services may be changed from time to time.
Changes take effect when we post them on the eBay Service.
If you create or use an account on behalf of a business entity, you represent that you are authorized to act on behalf of such business and bind the business to this User Agreement.
Such account is owned and controlled by the business entity.
No agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this User Agreement.
The User Agreement and all terms and polices posted through our Services set forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and eBay, and supersede all prior understandings and agreements of the parties.
The following Sections survive any termination of this User Agreement: Fees, Content, Disclaimer of Warranties.
Limitation of Liability.
Release, Indemnity, Legal Disputes, and General.
If you are a California resident, in accordance with Cal.
Civ.
Code §1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
Pursuant to 815 ILCS 414/1.5(c), for transactions involving tickets to events in Illinois, buyers and sellers may elect to submit complaints against one another to the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures.
The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org.
Such complaints shall be decided by an independent arbitrator in accordance with this User Agreement.
Buyers and sellers further agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the State of Illinois for complaints involving a ticketed event held in Illinois. &nbsp.
 Enter your search term to display live search results.
Use TAB key to navigate results.
1.
Information regarding the technologies we use
2.
Your Choices
3.
Do Not Track
Previous User Cookie Notice (effective until July&nbsp;29, 2019)

Your options at a glance:

All users: You can adjust the settings for the usage of first-party cookies (and similar technologies) for marketing purposes on the site AdChoice – eBay Advertising Preferences.

Users in the EEA: Users in the European Economic Area (EEA) can also determine whether they consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies for marketing purposes via the advertising preferences - opens in new window or tab.
Our Cookie Notice details all relevant information regarding the use of cookies, web beacons and similar technologies in connection to eBay's websites, applications, services, products and tools (hereinafter: "Services") and your choice options in this regard.
This Cookie Notice shall be read in conjunction with our User Privacy Notice and the information regarding cookies and similar technologies which the User Privacy Notice contains.
This Cookie Notice is applicable regardless of how you access and make use of our Services including the access via mobile devices and apps.
This Cookie Notice is effective from July 30, 2019.
See previous version of the Cookie Notice. 1.
Information regarding the technologies we use When you use our Services, we and authorized third-party providers make use of cookies and similar technologies.
We make use of cookies and similar technologies which will not be saved on your device or which will only be saved on your device for as long as your browser is active (e.g.
session cookies).
Furthermore, we make use of cookies and similar technologies which will be saved on your device for a longer period (e.g.
persistent cookies).
Where possible, we take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access to our cookies and similar technologies.
A unique identifier (ID) ensures that only we and authorized third-party providers have access to data that has been collected by means of cookies and similar technologies.
The cookies and similar technologies used by us have various functions:

They can be (technically) necessary for the provision of our Services
They help us to technically enhance our Services (e.g.
monitoring of error messages and loading times)
They help us to improve your user experience (e.g.
by saving the font size and data entered into webforms)
They enable us to show you more relevant ads
 Learn more 1.1 What are cookies, web beacons and similar technologies 
1.1.1 Cookies

Cookies are small text files (typically made up of letters and numbers) which are placed in the memory of your browser or device when you make use of our Services, in particular when you visit our website or when you open a message.
Cookies allow for a recognition of a specific device or browser.
There are different types of cookies:

Session cookies (also called session based cookies) expire at the end of your session (e.g.
when closing your browser window) and enable the entity using them to track your activities during this one session
Persistent cookies remain stored on your device between sessions and enable us, for example, to track your settings or activities on several websites
First-party cookies are set by the provider whose online service you are using (e.g.
the operator of the website you are visiting)
Third-party cookies are set by a provider other than the provider whose online service you are using (e.g.
the operator of a website other than the one you are visiting)


1.1.2 Web beacons

Web beacons (also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs) are small graphic images that are used in connection with the provision of our services and which typically work in conjunction with cookies to track the use of an online service by its users.
For example, when we send you emails, web beacons allow us to track if you opened the emails and clicked links to measure campaign performance and improve features.

1.1.3 Similar technologies

Similar technologies are technologies which enable the entity using it to track your user behavior.
This can be done by local shared objects or local storage, such as flash cookies, HTML 5 cookies and other web application software methods, all of which store information in your browser or device.
Additionally, there are other technologies that function without local storage in your end device and instead make use of, inter alia, browser functions.
In this context, a "fingerprint" of your system is created that serves as a unique identifier.
These technologies may function across all your browsers and in some cases are not fully managed by your browser, but may need to be managed directly from your installed applications or your device.
We sometimes use the terms cookies and similar technologies interchangeably. 1.2 Why do we use these technologies Some of our Services can only be offered using cookies, web beacons and similar technologies.
In general, these technologies enable us to track your user behavior and identify you - even across devices.
You can find more information about the personal data that we collect using cookies and similar technologies in our User Privacy Notice.
The cookies, web beacons and similar technologies used in connection with our Services serve the following functions:

1.2.1 Technologies which are operationally necessary

We use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies that are necessary for the operation of our Services.
This includes technologies that allow you access to our sites, services, applications and tools, which are required to monitor the functioning of the site, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security, or that allow you to make use of our functions such as shopping carts, saved search, or similar functions.

1.2.2 Technologies which are performance-related

We use cookies, web beacons or other similar technologies to assess the performance of our Services.
This happens, inter alia, to analyze how visitors use our services, how users use our messaging tools, if and how items and links are viewed or how to improve our services.

1.2.3 Technologies which are functionality-related

We use cookies, web beacons or other similar technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services.
These technologies may, inter alia, identify you when you sign in to our Services or they may store your settings or the items viewed, so that we can enhance the presentation of content within our Services and facilitate it (e.g.
by means of the 'stay logged in function').

1.2.4 Technologies which are advertising- or targeting-related

We use cookies, web beacons or other similar technologies to deliver content tailored to your interests, including advertisements, in connection with the provision of our Services or within third-party online services (retargeting, remarketing).
This includes using technologies to determine how relevant the advertisements and contents are for you, which ads have already been shown to you, how often they have been shown, when and where they have been shown and if you have reacted by carrying out an activity – such as clicking on an ad or purchasing an item.
For this purpose, data will be combined with data already collected regarding your interests.
Inter alia, we collect data regarding your device (e.g.
the operating system and its version) to provide a uniform service on all your devices.
You can find further information on personal data that we collect by the means of cookies and similar technologies in our User Privacy Notice. 1.3 Which service providers do we cooperate with? In regard to the usage of cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, we cooperate with authorized service providers.
This includes, inter alia, ad networks and ad exchanges, which enable us to show you advertisements.
Authorized service providers are entitled to place web beacons and similar technologies within our online services and to place cookies on your device, as far as this is permissible according to applicable law.
In this context, data for the identification of your device will be tracked, for example the IP address, the device ID or the advertising ID (IDFA - ID for Advertising or Google Advertising ID).
This enables the service providers to help us deliver content and more relevant advertisements, and to produce anonymous metrics and analytics, including conversion statistics.
The processing of personal data by external service providers is subject to data protection and confidentiality agreements with us and applicable data protection laws.
With regard to data processing by service providers, please check the privacy notices of the respective third-party providers.
Service providers that we cooperate with include Facebook and Google:


Facebook: Provision of advertising services via Facebook's advertising and marketing platforms, e.g.
Website Custom Audiences (Facebook's Data Policy - opens in new window or tab)

Google: Provision of advertising services via Google's advertising and marketing platforms, e.g.
Google Ads, Google Marketing Platform, Google Ad Manager (Google's Privacy Policy - opens in new window or tab)

With the exception of the use of such technologies by our service providers or other authorized third parties, we do not permit any third-party content on sites (such as item listings, communication between users, classified listings, comments, reviews, etc.) to include or utilize any cookies, web beacons, local storage, or similar technologies for tracking purposes or to collect your personal data for the own purposes of such third parties.
If you suspect that an offer or third-party content within our Services collects personal data or may use tracking technologies, please report this to spam@ebay.com.
Users in the European Economic Area (EEA) can find information on other service providers and their privacy notices within the advertising preferences - opens in new window or tab. 1.4 Google Signals We also use Google Signals in connection with the provision of our Services.
This is an extension function of Google Analytics that enables cross-device tracking.
This means that if your Internet-enabled devices are linked to your Google Account, Google can generate reports on usage patterns (especially cross-device traffic) even if you switch devices.
If you have activated the setting "personalized ads" in your Google account, Google will process data for this purpose.
We do not process personal data in this respect, we only receive statistics based on Google Signals.
You can deactivate the use of Google Signals at any time by downloading and installing the browser plugin in order to opt-out of Google Analytics.
This will prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the Services (including your IP address) and the processing of this data by Google.
In addition, you can disable the "personalized advertising" setting in your Google Account.
Details can be found here - opens in new window or tab.

Users in the European Economic Area (EEA):

You can determine via the advertising preferences - opens in new window or tab ("Google Advertising") whether you consent to the use of Google Signals.
We only use Google Signals with your consent. 1.5&nbsp;Google reCAPTCHA: Prevention of automated access We make use of Google reCAPTCHA ("reCAPTCHA") within the provision of our Services.
reCAPTCHA is used to check and prevent interactions through automated access, for example through so-called bots (computer programs that perform tasks automatically and independently).
reCAPTCHA is used in particular to check whether data input in connection with our Services (e.g.
in a contact form) is carried out by a human or by an automated program.
For this purpose, reCAPTCHA analyzes the behavior of the user on the basis of various characteristics.
This analysis automatically begins as soon as the user connects with the online service, e.g.
visits the website.
For the purposes of this analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates various pieces of information (e.g.
IP address, duration of the user's visit to the online service or the user's mouse movements).
The data collected during the analysis is forwarded to Google.
The analyses by reCAPTCHA are carried out entirely in the background.
Please find details regarding Google reCAPTCHA here - opens in new window or tab and in Google's Privacy Notice - opens in new window or tab. 1.6&nbsp;Which security measures do we take to protect your data? We protect our cookies and similar technologies to ensure that only we or authorized service providers can evaluate them.
For this purpose, we assign a unique identifier (ID) to them that is designed so that only we can process them. 2.
Your Choices You can decide to what extent we may use cookies and similar technologies within the provision of our Services.
Your choice options will depend on the purposes for which we use these technologies.
With regard to the use of advertising-related or personalization-related technologies, you have in particular the following options:

All users: You can adjust the settings for the usage of first-party cookies (and similar technologies) for marketing purposes on the site AdChoice – eBay Advertising Preferences.

Users in the EEA: Users in the European Economic Area (EEA) can also determine whether they consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies for marketing purposes via the advertising preferences - opens in new window or tab. Learn more 2.1 Technologies which are operationally necessary, performance-related or functionality-related If you wish to deactivate the use of any cookies – including cookies that are operationally necessary, performance-related or functionality-related – that we use within the provision of our Services, you may do so by using the settings in your browser or device, if this is supported by your browser or device.
The settings must be made separately for each browser you use.
Please note that you may not be able to use certain eBay services when you deactivate cookies and similar technologies (e.g.
the 'stay logged in function').
You may also need to enter your password more frequently during your browser sessions. 2.2 Technologies which are advertising- or targeting-related In addition, you can specifically decide whether we and third parties may use cookies and similar technologies to show you personalized ads.
If you use our Services within the European Economic Area (EEA), this will only be done with your consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
If you choose not to have your personal data processed by us for advertising purposes using cookies (and similar technologies), this does not necessarily mean that no advertisements will be shown to you.
It simply means that these advertisements will not be personalized for you by means of cookies, web beacons or similar technologies.
As a result, you will no longer receive personalized advertising in the future, but your data may still be collected as described in our User Privacy Notice.

2.2.1 All users

You can determine under AdChoice – eBay Advertising Preferences, whether you agree to the use of advertising-related first-party cookies (and similar technologies).
You can also get to the AdChoice preferences directly via a link in the corresponding advertisement or in the footer of our website.
You can find additional information regarding the AdChoice Program here - opens in new window or tab.
You can deactivate the use of any third-party cookies – e.g.
by online ad networks – within our Services by using the settings in your browser or the device settings in your device, if this is supported by your browser or device.
You can also find information on advertising-related third-party cookies and similar technologies and how to prevent their use on the following websites:

www.youronlinechoices.eu - opens in new window or tab
www.aboutads.info/choices - opens in new window or tab (available in English only)
www.networkadvertising.org/choices - opens in new window or tab (available in English only)

If you delete all cookies on your device, any opt-out cookies that have already been set will also be deleted, so that you will have to declare again any opt-outs that have already been declared.

2.2.2 Users in the European Economic Area (EEA)

Users in the European Economic Area (EEA) can also use the advertising preferences - opens in new window or tab to determine whether they consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies for advertising purposes. 3.
Do Not Track California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
Because there currently isn't an industry or legal standard for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we don't respond to them at this time.
We await the result of work by the privacy community and industry to determine when such a response is appropriate and what form it should take. Previous User Cookie Notice (effective until July&nbsp;29, 2019) What are cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies?
Like most sites, we use technologies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices (referred to collectively as a "device") that allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our sites, services, applications, messaging, and tools, and to recognize you across devices.
The specific names and types of the cookies, web beacons, unique identifiers, and similar technologies we use to collect information (e.g.
about the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take on our Services, within our advertising or e-mail content)&nbsp;may change from time to time.
In order to help you better understand this Policy and our use of such technologies we have provided the following limited terminology and definitions:


Cookies – Small text files (typically made up of letters and numbers) placed in the memory of your browser or device when you visit a website or view a message.
Cookies allow a website to recognize a particular device or browser.
There are several types of cookies: 
Session cookies expire at the end of your browser session and allow us to link your actions during that particular browser session
Persistent cookies are stored on your device in between browser sessions, allowing us to remember your preferences or actions across multiple sites
First-party cookies are set by the site you are visiting
Third-party cookies are set by a third party site separate from the site you are visiting
 Cookies can be disabled or removed by tools that are available in most commercial browsers.
The preferences for each browser you use will need to be set separately and different browsers offer different functionality and options

Web beacons – Small graphic images (also known as "pixel tags" or "clear GIFs") that may be included on our sites, services, applications, messaging, and tools, that typically work in conjunction with cookies to identify our users and user behavior

Similar technologies – Technologies that store information in your browser or device utilizing local shared objects or local storage, such as flash cookies, HTML 5 cookies, and other web application software methods.
These technologies can operate across all of your browsers, and in some instances may not be fully managed by your browser and may require management directly through your installed applications or device.
We do not use these technologies for storing information to target advertising to you on or off our sites We may use the terms "cookies" or "similar technologies" interchangeably in our policies to refer to all technologies that we may use to store data in your browser or device or that collect information or help us identify you in the manner described above.

Your choice and our use of cookies, web beacons and similar technologies
We offer certain site features, services, applications, and tools that are available only through the use of these technologies.
You are always free to block, delete, or disable these technologies if your browser, installed application, or device so permits.
However, if you decline cookies or other similar technologies, you may not be able to take advantage of certain site features, services, applications, or tools.
You may also be required to re-enter your password more frequently during your browsing session.
For more information on how you can block, delete, or disable these technologies, please review your browser or device settings.
Generally, these technologies allow our sites, services, applications, and tools to store relevant information in your browser or device and later read that information in order to identify you to our servers or internal systems.
Where applicable, we protect our cookies and other similar technologies to help ensure that only we and/or our authorized service providers can interpret them by assigning them a unique identifier that is designed for interpretation only by us.
We do not store any of your personal information on any of our cookies or other similar technologies.
Any personal information that we collect and store through use of these technologies is first obtained through notice and consent: We obtain your consent by providing you with transparent notice of use of the technologies and, to the extent described herein,&nbsp;providing you with the opportunity to make a choice to disable these technologies.
Our uses of such technologies fall into the following general categories:


Operationally Necessary. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies that are necessary to the operation of our sites, services, applications, and tools.
This includes technologies that allow you access to our sites, services, applications, and tools, that are required to identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security, or that allow you to make use of our functions such as shopping carts, saved search, or similar functions;

Performance-Related. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies to assess the performance of our websites, applications, services, and tools, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use our websites, determine if you have interacted with our messaging, determine whether you have viewed an item or link, or to improve our website content, applications, services, or tools;

Functionality-Related. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our sites, services, applications, or tools.
This may include identifying you when you sign into our sites or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content on our sites;

Advertising or Targeting-Related. We may use first-party or third-party cookies and web beacons to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our sites or on third party sites.
This includes using technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that has been delivered to you, such as whether you have clicked on an advertisement.

We offer you the ability to opt-out of our use of first-party advertising-related cookies through our Ad Choice program.
To opt-out of the use of third-party advertising-related cookies and web beacons, see the section Ad Networks and Exchanges authorized by third-parties below.
European Economic Area (EEA) residents only can also manage their advertising and related preferences here - opens in new window or tab.
Opting out of our first-party advertising-related cookies, or out of third-party advertising-related cookies and web beacons as described below, does not necessarily mean that you will not see our advertising - only that this advertising will not be targeted to you through the use of first-party or third-party cookies, web beacons or related technologies.
If you would like to opt-out of all other types of technologies we employ on our sites, services, applications, or tools, you may do so by blocking, deleting, or disabling them as your browser or device permits.
Use of these technologies by authorized third-party service providers
We may work with third-party companies, commonly known as service providers, who are authorized to place third-party cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies for storing information on our sites or in our services, applications, and tools with our permission.
These service providers help us to provide you with a better, faster, and safer experience.
These service providers may use these technologies to help us deliver&nbsp;content and advertising, and compile anonymous site metrics and analytics.&nbsp.
These service providers are subject to confidentiality agreements with us and other legal restrictions on their use or collection of any personal information.
Third-party cookies are covered by the third parties' privacy policy.
You may encounter cookies and tracking technologies from our third-party service providers, including but not limited to (1) Facebook to provide advertising services through Facebook’s advertising and marketing platforms (e.g., Audience Network, Website Custom Audiences) and other social networking plug-ins or marketing tools, and (2) Google to provide advertising services through Google’s advertising and marketing platforms (e.g., DoubleClick for Publishers, Google DoubleClick AdX Service, Adwords).
Facebook and Google may use the personal information that they have collected about you on our sites pursuant to their own privacy policies (Facebook Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation - opens in new window or tab and Google Privacy Policy: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ - opens in new window or tab).
With the exception of the use of such technologies by our service providers or other authorized third parties, we do not permit any third-party content on sites (such as item listings, member-to-member communications, classified listings, comments, reviews, etc.) to include or utilize any cookies, web beacons, local storage, or similar technologies for tracking purposes or to collect your personal information for their own purposes.
If you believe a listing or other third-party content might be collecting personal information or using tracking technologies on one of our sites, please report it to spam@eBay.com.
Ad networks and exchanges operated by authorized third parties
We may use third parties, such as advertising networks and exchanges, to allow us to serve you advertisements.
These third-party ad networks and exchange providers may use third-party cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to collect information.
They may also collect your device identifier, IP address, or identifier for advertising (IDFA).
The information that these third parties collect may be used to assist us in providing you with more relevant advertising that we serve on our sites or elsewhere on the web, and as described above.
Third-party cookies are covered by the third parties' privacy policy.
For more information on third-party advertising-related cookies and how to opt-out of them, please visit one of the following third party websites:

Your Online Choices - opens in new window or tab
The Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising - opens in new window or tab (available in English only)
Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out - opens in new window or tab (available in English only)

Do Not Track
California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
Because there currently isn't an industry or legal standard for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we don't respond to them at this time.
We await the result of work by the privacy community and industry to determine when such a response is appropriate and what form it should take. Was this article helpful for you? You might also be interested in:

Technical issuesFrom time to time, you may experience some technical issues with our site.
If that happens, there are some things you can check.2 min article
User Privacy NoticeIn our User Privacy Notice we have compiled all essential information about our handling of your personal data and your corresponding rights for you.
This User Privacy Notice is effective from June&nbsp;20, 2020.
You can view the previous User Privacy Notice here.
35 min article
  In our User Privacy Notice we have compiled all essential information about our handling of your personal data and your corresponding rights for you.
This User Privacy Notice is effective from June&nbsp;20, 2020.
You can view the previous User Privacy Notice here.
Expand all1.
&nbsp;&nbsp;Scope and updates of this User Privacy Notice This User Privacy Notice applies to your use of this website and all eBay applications, services (including payment services), products and tools (collectively the "Services"), regardless of how you access or use these Services, including access via mobile devices and apps. Learn more This User Privacy Notice also applies if explicit reference is made to it via a link or in a similar manner, e.g.
on websites of partners on which Services from eBay are offered.
We may change this User Privacy Notice at any time by posting the revised User Privacy Notice on this website and indicating the effective date of the revised User Privacy Notice.
You will be notified of any material changes to this User Privacy Notice via My Messages in My eBay and/or by email. &nbsp.
2.
Controller Which eBay group company is responsible for the collection and processing of your personal data in connection with the provision of the Services depends on how you use our Services. 2.1 Use of the Services Depending on the region in which you are located, one of the following eBay group companies&nbsp;is responsible for the collection and processing of your personal data in connection with the provision of our Services (except payment services for sellers):


USA: eBay Inc., 2025 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose, CA 95125, USA

Canada: eBay Canada Limited, 500 King Street West, Suite 200, Toronto, ON M5V 1L9, Canada

EU: eBay GmbH, Albert-Einstein-Ring 2-6, 14532 Kleinmachnow, Germany.
If you use the eBay Customer Guarantee offered in France, Italy or Spain, eBay Services S.à r.l., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg is responsible for the data processing regarding&nbsp;this specific service

United Kingdom: eBay (UK) Limited, 1 More London Place, London, SE1 2AF, United Kingdom

India: eBay Singapore Services Private Limited, 10 Collyer Quay, #10-01 Ocean Financial Centre, Singapore 049315

For all other countries: eBay Marketplaces GmbH, Helvetiastrasse 15/17, 3005 Bern, Switzerland
 2.2 Use of the payment services for sellers Depending on the region in which you are located and whether we provide our payment services there, the following eBay group companies are responsible for the collection and processing of your personal data in connection with the provision of our payment services to sellers:


USA: eBay Commerce Inc., 2535 North First Street, San Jose, CA 95131, USA

EU: eBay S.à.r.l., 25-27 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg

UK: eBay Commerce UK Ltd., 1 More London Place, London SE1 2AF, United Kingdom

Canada: eBay Commerce Canada Limited, 44 Chipman Hill, Suite 1000, Saint John&nbsp;NB E2L 2A9, Canada

Australia: eBay Commerce Australia Pty.
Ltd., Level 18, 1 York Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia

As described in our Payments Terms of Use, your personal data may be processed by one or more of these companies depending on your location and the location of the eBay website on which a user completes a transaction with you. &nbsp.
3.
&nbsp;Data protection officer and contact We have appointed data protection officers in several countries to oversee the protection of your personal data.
If you have any questions about this User Privacy Notice or about data protection at eBay in general, you can contact the data protection officer responsible for your country at any time.
You will find the contact details of your data protection officer in the list of our data protection officers - opens in new window or tab in our eBay Privacy Center - opens in new window or tab.
Furthermore, if you have any questions or complaints regarding this User Privacy Notice, our global data protection principles (see section 6.1 Data transfers to eBay Inc.
corporate family members under section 6.
International data transfers below) or our handling of personal data, you can also contact the eBay Privacy Team or the controller who is responsible for the processing of your personal data at any time (for further information, see Controller above).
This applies regardless of whether we have appointed a data protection officer in your country or not.
You can find all necessary information and contact details - opens in new window or tab in our eBay Privacy Center - opens in new window or tab. &nbsp.
4.
&nbsp;What personal data we collect and process
&nbsp.
We collect your personal data when you use our Services, create a new eBay account, provide us with information via a web form, add or update information in your eBay account, participate in online community discussions or otherwise interact with us.
We also collect personal data from other sources (such as other eBay Inc.
corporate family members,&nbsp;credit agencies or bureaus, and other data brokers). Learn more In total, we collect the following personal data: 4.1 Personal data you provide when using our Services or creating an eBay account 
Data that identifies you, such as your name, address, telephone numbers, email addresses, your user name or your tax identification number that you provide when setting up your eBay account or at a later date.
If you use our payment services as a seller, additional identification data (such as social security number or date of birth), tax identification numbers (such as VAT identification number) and other information (such as bank account number) that you provide when using our payment services as a seller.
Data regarding bids, purchases, or sales that you provide in a transaction.
Content that you share with other users through our messaging tools (see Filtering of messages sent via our messaging tools under section 11.
Other important information regarding data protection for more information).
Financial information (e.g.
credit card and account numbers, transaction details, and form of payment).
Shipping, billing, and other information you provide, as well as information required for customs clearance (such as tax identification numbers or other identification numbers) and relevant shipping information (such as shipment numbers and tracking information) if shipped through one of our programs.
In some cases: age, gender, country of birth, nationality, employment status, family status, interests and preferences.
You may provide us with additional information through a web form or by updating or adding information to your eBay account, by participating in community discussions, member chats, inquiries, dispute resolution, customer service calls recorded with your consent, or if you contact us for any other reason regarding our Services.
Other data that we are required or entitled by applicable law to collect and process and that we need for your authentication or identification, or for the verification of the data we collect.
 4.2 Personal data we collect automatically when you use our Services or create an eBay account 
Data that is generated as part of one of your transactions (bids, purchases, sales) or that is linked to your eBay account as a result of a transaction in which you are involved, such as transaction amounts, time and location of transactions and form of payment or payout method.
Data that is generated through your other actions when you use our Services and which is linked to your eBay account, e.g.
when you place items in your shopping cart, place items on the watch list, save sellers, searches or interests, or follow users.
Data regarding all other interactions with our Services, your advertising preferences, and your communications with us.
Location data, including your general location data (e.g., IP address) and the precise location data of your mobile device.
Please note that for most mobile devices, you can manage or disable the use of location services for all applications in the settings menu of your mobile device.
Computer and connection information, such as statistics regarding your use of services from eBay, information on data traffic to and from websites, referral URL, information on advertisements, your IP address, your access times, your browser history data, your language settings and your weblog information.
 4.3 Personal data we collect in connection with the use of cookies and similar technologies We use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect data while you use our Services.
We collect this data from the devices (including mobile devices) that you use our Services with.
The data collected includes the following usage- and device-related information:

Data about the pages you visit, the access time, frequency and duration of visits, the links on which you click and other actions you take as part of your use of our Services and in advertising and email content.
Data about your activities and interactions with our advertising partners including data about the advertisements you were shown, how often they were shown, when and where they were shown, and whether you took any action, such as clicking on an advertisement or making a purchase.
The user segment or category into which you as a user fall, for example: male, 20-49 years old, interested in cars.
Model or device type, operating system and version, browser type and settings, device ID or individual device identifier, advertisement ID, individual device token, and cookie-related data (e.g.
cookie ID).
The IP address from which your device accesses the Services.
Location data, including your general location data (e.g., IP address) and the precise location data of your mobile device.
Please note that most mobile devices allow you to manage or disable the use of location services for all applications in the settings menu.

For more information about our use of these technologies and your choices, see Cookies &amp.
similar technologies. 4.4 Personal data from other sources We also collect personal data about you from other sources and from third parties to the extent permitted by applicable law.
In particular, this includes the following data:

Data from public sources (e.g.
demographic data)
Data from credit agencies or bureaus (e.g.
credit reports/checks, identity confirmation, data for risk modeling and setting of credit limits)
Data from data providers (e.g.
"Know Your Customer"/identity verification, demographic, interest-based and online advertising related data)
With regard to our payment services for sellers: data from government or other sources concerning any previous convictions of the respective seller, to the extent permitted by applicable law

We combine or connect the personal data we collect from you with data from these other sources.
Where personal data is disclosed to us by third parties&nbsp;that these third parties are legally permitted to disclose your personal data to us.
We also receive access to personal data about you from other members of the eBay Inc.
corporate family - opens in new window or tab. 4.5 Social network data you share with us 
We allow you to use social networks (such as Facebook) or other providers of single sign-on services (such as Google or Apple) with whom you already have an account to create an eBay account or to link your eBay account to such single sign-on services.&nbsp.
You can determine the personal data that we can access when authorizing the connection with the single sign-on service.
We allow you to share personal data with social networks (such as Facebook) or to link your eBay account to a social network.
These social networks may automatically provide us with access to certain personal data they have stored about you (e.g.
content you have viewed or enjoyed, information about the advertisements you have been shown or clicked on, etc.).
You can determine the personal data that we can access through the privacy settings of each social network.
If you give us access to video content pages, your grant of access is your consent that we may, for at least two years, or until you withdraw your consent or are no longer connected to the social network, share with and collect from social networks information regarding your viewing of videos.
We may also use plug-ins or other technologies from various social networks.
If you click on a link displayed through a social network plug-in, you voluntarily connect to that social network.
 &nbsp.
5.&nbsp.
Purposes and legal basis for data processing and categories of recipients We process your personal data for various purposes and based on several different legal bases that allow this processing.
For example, we process your personal data to provide and improve our Services, to provide you with a personalized user experience on this website, to contact you about your eBay account and our Services, to provide customer service, to provide you with personalized advertising and marketing communications, and to detect, prevent, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activity.
We also share your information with third parties, including service providers acting on our behalf, for these purposes.
In addition, we may share your personal data among eBay group companies in order to fulfil our contract with you under the User Agreement and, if applicable, the Payments Terms of Use. Learn more Below you will find a summary of the purposes for which we process your personal data, including the categories of recipients to whom we transmit personal data for the purposes stated, sorted by our legal basis for this processing or sharing: 5.1 We process your personal data in order to fulfil our contract with you and to provide you with our Services.
This includes the following purposes: 
Processing of data relating to you or your company for the purpose of entering into a contract with you and executing it.
Provision of our Services, including but not limited to enabling and performing transactions with other users (including the transmission of your personal data to other users where necessary to perform the transaction, including in cases of terminated, failed or subsequently voided transactions, e.g.
by sharing your return address so a buyer may return an item), displaying your transaction and feedback history to you, providing and enhancing features such as payment processing, ratings and eBay account management, providing other services you may use (as described in connection with such services), and ensuring the functionality of our Services.
In connection with the provision of our Services, we will send you notifications relating to the execution of transactions and the use of our Services in accordance with the communication preferences in your eBay account.
Enabling the delivery of purchased items by logistics/shipping service providers including notifications in connection with the delivery (such as tracking information), the latter to the extent permitted by applicable law without your consent.
Provision of our payment services in accordance with the Payments Terms of Use.
Providing general customer support including the solution of problems with your eBay account, arbitration of disputes, providing other services within the scope of customer service as well as enforcement of fee claims.
For these purposes, we may contact you via notification in My eBay, email, telephone, SMS, push notification on your mobile device or by mail.
If we contact you by telephone, in order to ensure efficiency, we may use automatically dialed calls with tape announcements or automated text messages in accordance with our User Agreement and Payments Terms of Use, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Processing of general location data (such as IP address or postal code) in order to provide you with location-based services (such as radius search and other content that is personalized on the basis of your general location data).
Enforcement of our User Agreement, Payments Terms of Use, this User Privacy Notice and other rules and policies.
Publication and promotion of your listings and related content on the websites or in the applications, services and tools of other eBay Inc.
corporate family members or cooperating third party operators of websites, applications, services and tools.
When we share the content of your listings and any related personal data with third parties, we do so only on the basis of an agreement that limits the use of such personal data by the third party to the purposes necessary to fulfil its contractual obligations to us.
Third party providers are contractually obliged to take appropriate security measures with regard to this data.
Third party providers are strictly forbidden to pass on personal data contained in your listings to other third parties.
In case of data transmissions to eBay Inc.
corporate family members, such restrictions result from our Binding Corporate Rules (see section 6.1 Data transfers to eBay Inc.
corporate family members under section 6.
International data transfers below).


Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above:


Other eBay users
eBay Inc.
corporate family members - opens in new window or tab
External service providers and shipping companies (such as DHL, UPS, etc.)
Payment service providers including the PayPal Inc.
group of companies
External operators of websites, applications, services and tools
 5.2 We process your personal data in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject.
This includes the following purposes: 
Participation in investigations and proceedings (including judicial proceedings) conducted by public authorities or government agencies, in particular, for the purpose of detecting, investigating and prosecuting illegal acts.
Prevention, detection and mitigation of illegal activities (e.g.
fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing).
Complying with information requests from third parties based on any statutory information rights they have against us (e.g.
in the event of an intellectual property infringement, product piracy, or other unlawful activity).
Ensuring the information security of our Services.
Retention and storage of your personal data to comply with specific legal retention requirements (for more information on eBay's storage of your data, see Storage duration and erasure).


Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above:


Law enforcement agencies, courts, government agencies or public authorities, intergovernmental or supranational bodies (in connection with our payment services provided in the EU for sellers in particular with regard to compliance with Luxembourg laws concerning FATCA dated July 7, 2015 and concerning the OECD Common Reporting Standard dated December 18, 2015).
Third parties based on statutory information claims against us
Third party service providers
Third parties who are involved in judicial proceedings, in particular, if they submit a legal order, court order or equivalent legal order to us.
Credit agencies, bureaus, or associations, if required by applicable law (e.g.
information on payment delays, payment defaults or other irregularities that may be relevant to your credit report).
eBay Inc.
corporate family members - opens in new window or tab
 5.3 We process your personal data in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
This includes the following purposes: 
Prevention, detection, mitigation and investigation of unlawful activities that may result in impairment of your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person, unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect.


Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above:


Law enforcement agencies, courts, government agencies or public authorities, intergovernmental or supranational bodies
Third parties who are involved in judicial proceedings
eBay Inc.
corporate family members - opens in new window or tab
External service providers
 5.4 We process your personal data where necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
In order to reconcile our legitimate interests with your rights, we have introduced appropriate control mechanisms.
On this basis, we process your data for the following purposes: 
Participation in proceedings (including judicial proceedings) conducted by courts, law enforcement agencies, government agencies or public authorities, intergovernmental or supranational bodies, in particular for the purpose of detecting, investigating and prosecuting illegal acts, unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect, and we may legitimately assume that the disclosure of the data is necessary to avert imminent disadvantages or to report a suspicion of an illegal act.
In such cases, we will only disclose what we believe is necessary, such as your name, city, zip code, telephone number, email address, (previous) user names, IP address, fraud complaints, bidding and listing history.
Protection of the legitimate interests of third parties in connection with civil law disputes, unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect, if we may legitimately assume that it is necessary to disclose the data to such third parties in order to avert imminent disadvantages.
Prevention, detection, mitigation and investigation of fraud, security breaches and other prohibited or unlawful activities, including the assessment of corresponding risks (e.g.
through the use of captchas or the telephone number stored in your eBay account for two-factor authentication), unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect.
Monitoring and improvement of the information security of our Services, unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect.
Performance of identity checks, creditworthiness and other financial standing checks, evaluation of applications and comparison of information for accuracy and verification purposes.
Automatic filtering and, where necessary, manual review of messages sent through our messaging tools to prevent fraudulent or suspicious activity or violations of our User Agreement or other rules and policies, including enforcing the prohibition of purchases and sales outside of eBay, as further explained below under Filtering of messages sent via our messaging tools (see section 11.
Other important information regarding data protection).
Provision of functions for users that make the processing of transactions easier or more convenient (e.g.
administration of several delivery addresses).
Analysis and improvement of the Services from eBay Inc.
corporate family members, e.g.
by reviewing site usage data or&nbsp;information from users about blocked or crashed pages in order to identify and solve problems and to provide you with an improved user experience, including as part of product development.
Analysis of telephone conversations with our customer service that we recorded with your consent.
Advertisements by mail (according to your communication preferences in your eBay account).
To the extent permitted by applicable law without your consent, communications with you via electronic mail (e.g.
email or text message) or telephone to offer you vouchers, discounts and special offers, to conduct opinion polls and surveys, and to inform you about our Services (according to your communication preferences in your eBay account).
If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can also unsubscribe by clicking on the link in the email you received.
For technical reasons, the implementation may take a few days.
Notifications regarding promotions and information about our Services after logging into your account or in My Messages in My eBay (according to your communication preferences in your eBay account).
For users outside the European Economic Area (EEA): Personalization, measurement and improvement of our and third party advertisements in our online offerings, the online offerings of other eBay Inc.
corporate family members or third parties.
Customization of page content to display the items and services you may like based on the actions you take.
Evaluation of the quality and success of our email marketing campaigns (e.g.
through analysis of opening and click rates).
Assessment of the service status (e.g.
on the basis of tracking information if sellers use shipping labels from shipping providers via eBay or provide tracking numbers).
Offering of partner and bonus programs and other co-branded marketing efforts, e.g.
co-branded credit cards in collaboration with a third party credit card issuer.
Provision of shared content and services (such as registration for services, transaction processing and customer service) with eBay Inc.
corporate family members or cooperating payment service providers.
Initiation, preparation and execution of a company acquisition, e.g.
in the event of a merger with another company or takeover by another company.
If such an event occurs, we will require the merged entity to comply with this User Privacy Notice with respect to your personal data.
Should your personal data be processed for any purpose not specified in this User Privacy Notice, you will be informed in advance of the processing of your data for this new purpose.
Assertion of or defense against legal claims, including those asserted by one eBay user against another eBay user.


Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above:


eBay Inc.
corporate family members - opens in new window or tab
External service providers
Other eBay users
Law enforcement agencies, courts, government agencies or public authorities, intergovernmental or supranational bodies
Third parties who are involved in judicial proceedings
Payment service providers including the PayPal Inc.
group of companies
Credit agencies or bureaus, data verification services, risk assessment vendors and collections agencies (e.g.
information about payment delays, payment defaults, or other irregularities that may be relevant to your credit report, or that we use to confirm your identity, model risk, establish credit limits, or collect unpaid debts)
Other companies in the context of a company acquisition
Participants in the eBay VeRO program, PROACT program, and other third parties in the event of an investigation for fraud, intellectual property infringement, retail crime, stolen goods, product piracy or other unlawful activity, if we, in our sole discretion, deem the investigation of such incident necessary or useful.
In such cases, we will disclose the seller's name, address, city, zip code, country, telephone number, email address and company name to the third party and bind the third party by a worldwide non-disclosure agreement to treat the data as confidential.

Information about your right to object to processing based on our legitimate interests can be found below under Rights as a data subject and, with regard to the use of cookies and similar technologies, below under Cookies &amp.
similar technologies. 5.5 With your consent, we process your personal data for the following purposes: 
For users within the European Economic Area (EEA): Personalization, measurement and improvement of our and third party advertisements in our online offerings, the online offerings of other eBay Inc.
corporate family members or third parties
Marketing communications by telephone or electronic mail (such as email or SMS), including communications by other eBay Inc.
corporate family members or by third parties, unless these communications are permitted without your consent under applicable law.&nbsp;We may engage third parties to send marketing communications on our behalf
Processing of your precise location data to provide location-based services
Provision of a single sign-on service allowing you to register or log-in to third party services using your eBay log-in credentials
Processing of your personal data on the basis of your consent, which you have given so that we or third parties can enable you to use certain services or make them available to you

You can find information about your right to withdraw your consent below under Rights as a data subject and information with regard to the use of cookies and similar technologies below under Cookies &amp.
similar technologies.

Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above:


eBay Inc.
corporate family members - opens in new window or tab
External service providers
Third parties using our single sign-on service (as authorized by you in each single case)
Other third parties with whom we partner to offer you specific services (as described at the collection of the respective user consent)
Third party financial institutions with whom we partner to offer financial products to you, for them to provide joint content and services (such as, registration, transactions and customer support).
These third party financial institution partners will use your personal data to send you marketing communications only if you have requested their services
 5.6 Data Sharing between eBay Inc.
Corporate Family Members As set out above under "Personal data from other sources", we also receive access to personal data about you from other eBay Inc.
corporate family members - opens in new window or tab.
This enables us, in particular, to provide you, with your consent as legally required, with information about products and services, which we believe might interest you, and improve our products, services, content, and advertising by analyzing your use of the services of other eBay Inc.
corporate family members, in particular through the matching of certain data (e.g.
cookie IDs).
Furthermore, this allows us to better prevent, detect, mitigate and investigate fraud, security breaches and other prohibited or unlawful activities, including the assessment of corresponding risks.
We will also grant access to personal data about you to other eBay Inc.
corporate family members for the aforementioned purposes.
To the extent that other eBay Inc.
corporate family members have access to your personal data, they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this User Privacy Notice. 5.7 Additional information regarding our payment services for sellers With regard to our payment services for sellers in the EU, we additionally point out that eBay S.à r.l.
is subject to professional secrecy, which requires special transparency with regard to the processing and, in particular, the transmission of your personal data.
We therefore expressly draw your attention to the fact that eBay S.à r.l.
may pass on your personal data to trustworthy third parties and business partners where necessary to provide our payment services for sellers, as described above in this Section 5 of the User Privacy Notice.
This includes in particular the following third parties and business partners:

Other payment service providers, including financial institutions
Companies offering financial products, analyses and scoring (e.g.
credit agencies or bureaus)
Authorities, agencies and other governmental bodies (e.g.
to combat fraud)
Auditors and other professional advisors

You can request a complete list of all third party providers and business partners for our payment services for sellers in the EU by contacting us. 5.8 Automated decision-making We use technologies that are considered automated decision making or profiling.
We will not make any automated decisions about you that would significantly affect you unless such a decision is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract with you, we have obtained your consent, or we are required by applicable law to use such technology.
You will find information on your right to object to this processing of your data below under Rights as a data subject. &nbsp.
6.
&nbsp;International data transfers
&nbsp.
Some recipients of your personal data are located outside your country or have offices in countries where data protection laws may provide a different level of protection than the laws in your country.
When transferring personal data to such recipients, we provide appropriate safeguards. Learn more 6.1 Data transfers to eBay Inc.
corporate family members The transmission of personal data between different eBay Inc.
corporate family members (e.g.
to enable cross border transactions and for other legally permitted purposes) is based on our worldwide data protection principles, which are binding internal data protection regulations (Binding Corporate Rules, BCRs), or on the basis of other appropriate safeguards (e.g.
standard data protection clauses issued or approved by the European Commission (2010/87/EU, 2001/497/EC or 2004/915/EC)).
Through our Binding Corporate Rules, the eBay Inc.
corporate family members undertake to protect your personal data and to comply with data protection obligations.
Further information on our binding company-wide guidelines and our worldwide data protection principles can be found in the eBay Privacy Center - opens in new window or tab. 6.2 Other data transfers (from the European Economic Area to third countries) We will only transfer your personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA) to third countries, i.e.
countries outside the EEA, on the basis of appropriate safeguards.
Third countries providing an adequate level of data protection according to the European Commission currently include Andorra, Argentina, Canada (for companies covered by the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act), Switzerland, the Faroe Islands, Guernsey, the State of Israel, the Isle of Man, Japan, Jersey, New Zealand and Uruguay.
Recipients in the USA can be partially certified according to the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield - opens in new window or tab, so that appropriate safeguards for an international data transfer exist.
In other cases, eBay provides the necessary safeguards, e.g.
through the conclusion of data protection contracts adopted by the European Commission (e.g.
standard data protection clauses (2010/87/EU, 2001/497/EC or 2004/915/EC)) with the recipients, or through other measures provided for by law.
A copy of the documentation of the measures taken by us is available on request. &nbsp.
7.
&nbsp;Storage duration and erasure
&nbsp.
Your personal data will be stored by us and our service providers in accordance with applicable data protection laws to the extent necessary for the processing purposes set out in this User Privacy Notice (see Purposes and legal basis for data processing and categories of recipients for more information on the processing purposes).
Subsequently, we will delete your personal data in accordance with our data retention and deletion policy or take steps to properly render the data anonymous, unless we are legally obliged to keep your personal data longer (e.g.
for legal compliance, tax, accounting or auditing purposes).
In Europe, the retention periods are generally between 6 and 10 years (e.g.
for contracts, notifications and business letters).
As far as legally permissible or required, we restrict the processing of your data instead of deleting it (e.g.
by restricting access to it).
This applies in particular to cases where we may still need the data for the execution of the contract or for the assertion of or defense against legal claims, or where such retention is otherwise required or permitted by law.
In these cases, the duration of the restriction of processing depends on the respective statutory limitation or retention periods.
The data will be deleted after the relevant limitation or retention periods have expired. Learn more The specific retention periods for personal data are documented in our regional data retention guidelines.
How long we retain personal data may vary depending on the Services we provide and our legal obligations under applicable national law.
The following factors typically affect the retention period:


Necessity for the provision of our Services
 This includes such things as executing the User Agreement with you, maintaining and improving the performance of our products, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records.
Most of our retention periods are determined on the basis of this general rule.

Special categories of personal data
 If we store special categories of personal data (i.e., personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic or biometric data which is being processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation), a shorter retention period is usually appropriate.

Consent-based processing of personal data
 If we process personal data on the basis of consent (including consent to the extended storage), we store the data for as long as necessary in order to process it according to your consent.

Statutory, contractual or other similar obligations
 Corresponding storage obligations may arise, for example, from laws or official orders.
It may also be necessary to store personal data with regard to pending or future legal disputes.
Personal data contained in contracts, notifications and business letters may be subject to statutory storage obligations depending on national law.
 &nbsp.
8.
&nbsp;Rights as a data subject
&nbsp.
Subject to possible restrictions under national law, as a data subject, you have the right to access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing and data portability with regard to your personal data.
In addition, you can withdraw your consent and object to our processing of your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests.
You can also lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Learn more Your rights in detail:

You can withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data by us at any time.
As a result, we may no longer process your personal data based on this consent in the future.
The withdrawal of consent has no effect on the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You have the right to obtain access to your personal data that is being processed by us.
In particular, you may request information on the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, the categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, the existence of the right to request rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal data or to object to such processing, the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, any available information as to the personal data’s source (where they are not collected from you), the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling and, where appropriate, meaningful information on its details.
Your right to access may be limited by national law.
You have the right to obtain from us without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you.
Taking into account the purposes of the processing, you have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
You have the right to obtain from us the erasure of personal data concerning you, unless processing is necessary for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information, for compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
The right to erasure may be limited by national law.
You have the right to obtain from us restriction of processing to the extent that 
the accuracy of the data is disputed by you,
the processing is unlawful, but you oppose the erasure of the personal data,
we no longer need the data, but you need it to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or
you have objected to the processing.


You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller ("right to data portability").
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence, your place of work or the registered office of the controller.

If your personal data is processed on the basis of our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation.
This also applies to profiling.
If your personal data is processed by us for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
The exercise of the above data subjects' rights (e.g.
right to access or erasure) is generally free of charge.
Where requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of their repetitive character, we may charge an appropriate fee (at most our actual costs) in accordance with the applicable statutory regulations or refuse to process the application. Exercising your rights and managing your settings You can exercise your rights as a data subject via our Privacy Contact page&nbsp;- opens in new window or tab.
In addition, you are of course free to contact us.
If you would like to change your preferences regarding eBay notifications (including marketing communications), you can do so at any time in My eBay under "Communication Preferences".
If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can also unsubscribe by clicking on the link in the email you received.
For technical reasons, the implementation may take a few days.
For information on how to manage your cookie and similar technology preferences, see the next section Cookies &amp.
similar technologies. &nbsp.
9.
&nbsp;Cookies &amp.
similar technologies
&nbsp.
When you use our Services, we and selected third parties may use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better, faster and safer user experience or to show you personalized advertising.
Cookies are small text files that are automatically created by your browser and stored on your device when you use the Services.
You can find detailed information about our use of cookies and similar technologies and your choices in our User Cookie Notice. Learn more Our cookies and similar technologies have different functions:

They may be technically necessary for the provision of our Services
They help us optimize our Services technically (e.g.
monitoring of error messages and loading times)
They help us improve your user experience (e.g.
save font size and form data entered)
They allow us to show you more relevant advertisements

We use cookies and similar technologies that remain on your device only as long as your browser is active (session cookies), as well as cookies and similar technologies that remain on your device longer (persistent cookies).
Where possible, we take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access to our cookies and similar technologies.
A unique ID ensures that only we and/or selected third parties have access to cookie data. Your choices regarding cookies You are free to disable the use of cookies and similar technologies if this is supported by your device.
You can manage your cookie settings in your browser or device settings.
In addition, you can decide whether we may use cookies and similar technologies to show you personalized advertisements:

To manage the settings regarding the use of first-party cookies (and similar technologies) for advertising-related purposes, please go to AdChoice - eBay Advertising Preferences - opens in new window or tab (you can also access this page directly via a link in the respective advertisement or the footer of our website)
You can find information about third-party cookies (and similar technologies) related to advertising and how to prevent their use on the following websites: 
www.youronlinechoices.eu - opens in new window or tab
www.aboutads.info/choices - opens in new window or tab (only available in English)
www.networkadvertising.org/choices - opens in new window or tab (only available in English)


Users in the European Economic Area (EEA) can also use Advertising and related preferences - opens in new window or tab to determine to what extent they consent to the processing of their personal data for advertising purposes via cookies (and similar technologies)

If you decide not to have your personal data processed by us for advertising purposes via cookies (and similar technologies), this does not mean that we will not show you advertisements.
It simply means that these advertisements will not be personalized for you using first-party or third-party cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies. &nbsp.
10.
&nbsp;Data security
&nbsp.
We protect your personal data through technical and organizational security measures to minimize risks associated with data loss, misuse, unauthorized access and unauthorized disclosure and alteration.
To this end we use firewalls and data encryption, for example, as well as physical access restrictions for our data centers and authorization controls for data access.
You can find further information on our data security in our Security Center - opens in new window or tab. &nbsp.
11.
&nbsp;Other important information regarding data protection This section contains important additional information about the protection of personal data in connection with the use of our Services, including whether you are required to provide personal data. Learn more What happens when you share your personal data on our sites or applications? Other users have access to the information you share on eBay or disclose to other users.
For example, other users can see your bids, purchases, items for sale, saved interests, sellers and searches, storefronts, feedback, ratings, product reviews and associated comments.
Other users can also see any information you chose to share in your profile.
When you use our Services, your public user ID may be displayed and available to the public and associated with all of your public eBay activity.
Notices sent to other users about suspicious activity and notice violations on our sites may refer to your public user ID and specific items.
Accordingly, if you use a username that allows others to identify you, these others may be able to identify your eBay activities.
To help protect your personal data, we allow only limited access to other users' contact, shipping and financial information as necessary to facilitate your transactions and collect payments.
However, when users are involved in a transaction, they have access to each other's name, user ID, email address and other contact and shipping information.&nbsp;For example, we may allow users to exchange telephone numbers in order to contact each other prior to completing a transaction (e.g.
a seller may opt to share their telephone number with a buyer so that the buyer may call with questions about a listed item).
In this case, sellers are prohibited from using a buyer's telephone number for other purposes (e.g.
completing a transaction off eBay or adding the buyer to a marketing list). Your responsibilities over transactional information you receive through eBay When you complete a transaction with another user (or a transaction has been cancelled, failed, or subsequently invalidated), we will provide you with the other user's personal data (such as name, username, email address, contact information, shipping and billing information, or return address).
Independent from us, you are the controller of such data and responsible for any processing that you perform after we have shared this data with you, including compliance with any limitations imposed by this User Privacy Notice and our User Agreement.
Unless you act for purely personal purposes, we recommend that you explain your data processing activities in your own privacy notice and protect the privacy of other users.
As a seller, you must in any case comply with the applicable data protection laws and in particular protect the rights of other users as data subjects, e.g.
give them the opportunity to access the personal data collected by you and demand that it be erased.
You may only use the personal data that you have access to for eBay transaction-related purposes, or for other Services offered through eBay (such as shipping, fraud complaints, and member-to-member communications), and for purposes expressly consented by the user to whom the data relates.
Using personal data of other users that you have access to for any other purpose, such as adding them to a mailing list without their express consent, constitutes a violation of our User Agreement. Personal data relating to third parties If you provide us with personal data relating to another person, you must obtain the consent of this person or the disclosure of the data to us must be otherwise legally permissible.
You must inform the other person of how we process personal data in accordance with our User Privacy Notice. Filtering of messages sent via our messaging tools All messages sent via our messaging tools are first received by us and then forwarded to the recipient.
All messages are automatically filtered according to certain criteria.
If necessary, conspicuous messages are checked manually by our customer service.
In the event of a violation of our User Agreement (including any of our rules and policies), we reserve the right to block the transmission of the message and to restrict the purchase and sales functions of your eBay account or to block your eBay account.
This is to protect our legitimate interests such as protecting against fraudulent or suspicious activities (e.g.
spam, viruses, phishing, or other illegal activities) or enforcing our User Agreement and our other rules and policies (e.g.
illegal and other prohibited content), including but not limited to enforcing the prohibition of purchases and sales outside of eBay. Are you obliged to provide your personal data to us? Some of the personal data that you provide to us (e.g.
data by which we can identify you) are required to enter into the User Agreement and the Payments Terms of Use.
For example, under the Payments Terms of Use you must provide us with certain identification information including legal name, date of birth, and tax identification number or social security number so that we may fulfil our legal "Know Your Customer" (KYC) obligations.
As described elsewhere in our User Privacy Notice and in the Payments Terms of Use, we may share this data with other eBay group companies in order to facilitate transactions and with service providers, including payment processors, credit agencies and bureaus.
Although the provision of any other personal data (e.g.
address and shipping data) is voluntary, it may be necessary for the use of our Services, such as bidding, purchase and sales data to complete a transaction. Children's Privacy Our services are not intended for the use by children.
We do not knowingly collect personal data from users who are considered children under applicable national laws.
Under&nbsp;our User Agreement, children are not permitted to use our Services. Staying Signed in When you sign in to your account on our Services, we give you the option to stay signed in to your account for certain amount of time.
If you are using a public or shared computer, we encourage you to decline.
You or any other user of the computer/browser you signed in on will be able to view and access most parts of your account and take certain specific actions during this signed in period without any further authorization.
The specific actions and account activities that you or any other user of this computer/browser may take include:

Bid, buy or make an offer on an item
Check out or add items to your cart
Purchase an item with PayPal using Faster Checkout (if enabled in your account)
View the activity header
View the My eBay page
View or edit the Watch List or order details
View the profile page
Send member-to-member messages
Conduct after-sale activities, like leaving feedback, canceling orders, requesting returns or submitting claims

If you attempt to change your password or&nbsp;user ID, update any other account information or attempt other account activity beyond those listed above, you may be required to enter your password.
You can typically end your signed in session by either signing out and/or clearing your cookies.
If you have certain browser privacy settings enabled, simply closing your browser may also end your signed in session.
If you are using a public or shared computer, you should sign out and/or clear your cookies when you are done using our Services to protect your account and your personal data. &nbsp.
12.
Regional and State Privacy Disclosures For additional regional disclosures for residents of certain U.S.
states, including California, please review our State Privacy Disclosures - opens in new window or tab page. Previous User Privacy Notice Previous User Privacy Notice (effective July 30, 2019 to June 19, 2020) 1.
&nbsp;&nbsp;Scope and updates of this User Privacy Notice This User Privacy Notice applies to your use of this website and all eBay applications, services (including payment services), products and tools (collectively the "Services"), regardless of how you access or use these Services, including access via mobile devices and apps. Learn more This User Privacy Notice also applies if explicit reference is made to it via a link or in a similar manner, e.g.
on websites of partners on which Services from eBay are offered.
We may change this User Privacy Notice at any time by posting the revised User Privacy Notice on this website and indicating the effective date of the revised User Privacy Notice.
You will be notified of any material changes to this User Privacy Notice via My Messages in My eBay and/or by email. &nbsp.
2.
Controller Which eBay company is responsible for the collection and processing of your personal data in connection with the provision of the Services depends on how you use our Services. 2.1 Use of the Services The following eBay company is responsible for the collection and processing of your personal data in connection with the provision of our Services (except payment services for sellers, see below under Use of the payment services for sellers), depending on the region in which you are located:


USA: eBay Inc., 2025 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose, CA 95125, USA

Canada: eBay Canada Limited, 500 King Street West, Suite 200, Toronto, ON M5V 1L9, Canada

EU: eBay GmbH, Albert-Einstein-Ring 2-6, 14532 Kleinmachnow, Germany.
If you use the eBay Customer Guarantee offered in France, Italy or Spain, eBay Services S.à r.l., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg is responsible for data processing with regard to this particular service

United Kingdom: eBay (UK) Limited, 1 More London Place, London, SE1 2AF, United Kingdom

India: eBay Singapore Services Private Limited, 10 Collyer Quay, #10-01 Ocean Financial Centre, Singapore 049315

For all other countries: eBay Marketplaces GmbH, Helvetiastrasse 15/17, 3005 Bern, Switzerland
 2.2 Use of the payment services for sellers The following eBay company is responsible for the collection and processing of your personal data in connection with the provision of our payment services to sellers, depending on which region you are located in and whether we provide our payment services there:


USA: eBay Commerce Inc., 2025 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose, CA 95125, USA

EU: eBay S.à r.l., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg
 &nbsp.
3.
&nbsp;Data protection officer and contact In those countries where we are required to do so by law, we have appointed data protection officers to oversee the protection of your personal data.
If you have any questions about this User Privacy Notice or about data protection at eBay in general, you can contact the data protection officer responsible for your country at any time.
You will find the contact details of your data protection officer in the list of our data protection officers - opens in new window or tab in our eBay Privacy Center.
Furthermore, if you have any questions or complaints regarding this User Privacy Notice, our global privacy standards (see section 6.1 Data transfers to eBay Inc.
corporate family members under section 6.
International data transfers below) or our handling of personal data, you can also contact the eBay Privacy Team or the controller who is responsible for the processing of your personal data at any time (for further information, see Controller above).
This applies regardless of whether we have appointed a data protection officer in your country or not.
You can find all necessary information and contact details including a contact form - opens in new window or tab in our eBay Privacy Center - opens in new window or tab. &nbsp.
4.
&nbsp;What personal data we collect and process
&nbsp.
We collect your personal data when you use our Services, create a new eBay account, provide us with information via a web form, add or update information in your eBay account, participate in online community discussions or otherwise interact with us.
We also collect personal data from other sources (such as other eBay Inc.
corporate family members or credit agencies or bureaus). Learn more In total, we collect the following personal data: 4.1 Personal data you provide when using our Services or creating an eBay account 
Data that identifies you, such as your name, address, telephone numbers or email addresses, your user name, or your VAT identification number that you provide when setting up your eBay account or at a later date, and additional identification data and tax identification numbers that you provide when using our payment services as a seller.
Data regarding bids, purchases, or sales that you provide in a transaction.
Content that you share with other users through our messaging tools (see Filtering of messages sent via our messaging tools under section 11.
Other important information regarding data protection for more information).
Financial information (e.g.
credit card and account numbers, payment details) in connection with a transaction.
Shipping, billing, and other information you provide in connection with the purchase or shipping of an item, as well as information required for customs clearance (such as tax identification numbers or other identification numbers) and relevant shipping information (such as shipment numbers and tracking information) if shipped through one of our programs.
In some cases: age, gender, country of birth, nationality, employment status, family status, interests and preferences.
You may provide us with additional information through a web form or by updating or adding information to your eBay account, by participating in community discussions, member chats, inquiries, dispute resolution, customer service calls recorded with your consent, or if you contact us for any other reason regarding our Services.
Other data that we are required or entitled by applicable law to collect and process and that we need for your authentication or identification, or for the verification of the data we collect.
 4.2 Personal data we collect automatically when you use our Services or create an eBay account 
Data that is generated as part of one of your transactions (bids, purchases, sales) or that is linked to your eBay account as a result of a transaction in which you are involved, such as transaction amounts, time and location of transactions and payment methods.
Data that is generated through your other actions when you use our Services and which is linked to your eBay account, e.g.
when you place items in your shopping cart, place items on the watch list, save sellers, searches or interests, or follow users.
Data regarding all other interactions with our Services, your advertising preferences, and your communications with us.
Location data, including the location data of your mobile device.
Please note that for most mobile devices, you can manage or disable the use of location services for all applications in the settings menu of your mobile device.
Computer and connection information, such as statistics regarding your use of services from eBay, information on data traffic to and from websites, referral URL, information on advertisements, your IP address, your access times, your browser history data, your language settings and your weblog information.
 4.3 Personal data we collect in connection with the use of cookies and similar technologies We use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect data while you use our Services.
We collect this data from the devices (including mobile devices) that you use our Services with.
The data collected includes the following usage- and device-related information:

Data about the pages you visit, the access time, frequency and duration of visits, the links on which you click and other actions you take as part of your use of our Services and in advertising and email content.
Data about your activities and interactions with our advertising partners including data about the advertisements you were shown, how often they were shown, when and where they were shown, and whether you took any action, such as clicking on an advertisement or making a purchase.
Your user segment.
Model or device type, operating system and version, browser type and settings, device ID or individual device identifier, advertisement ID, individual device token, and cookie-related data (e.g.
cookie ID).
The IP address from which your device accesses the Services.
Location data, including the location data of your mobile device.
Please note that most mobile devices allow you to manage or disable the use of location services for all applications in the settings menu.

For more information about our use of these technologies and your choices, see Cookies &amp.
similar technologies. 4.4 Personal data from other sources We also collect personal data about you from other sources and from third parties to the extent permitted by applicable law.
In particular, this includes the following data:

Data from public sources (e.g.
demographic data)
Data from credit agencies or bureaus (e.g.
credit reports/checks)
Data from data providers (e.g.
demographic, interest-based and online advertising related data)

With regard to our payment services for sellers: data from government or other sources concerning any previous convictions of the respective seller, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
We combine or connect the personal data we collect from you with data from these other sources.
Where personal data is disclosed to us by third parties, we take steps to confirm that the information has been collected with your consent and/or that these third parties are otherwise legally permitted to disclose your personal data to us.
We also receive access to personal data about you from other members of the eBay Inc.
corporate family - opens in new window or tab. 4.5 Social network data you share with us 
We allow you to share personal data with social networks, to use social networks to create an eBay account or to link your eBay account to a social network.
These social networks may automatically provide us with access to certain personal data they have stored about you (e.g.
content you have viewed or enjoyed, information about the advertisements you have been shown or clicked on, etc.).
You can determine the personal data that we can access through the privacy settings of each social network.
If you give us access to video content pages, your grant of access is your consent that we may, for at least two years, or until you withdraw your consent or are no longer connected to the social network, share with and collect from social networks information regarding your viewing of videos.
We may also use plug-ins or other technologies from various social networks.
If you click on a link displayed through a social network plug-in, you voluntarily connect to that social network.
 &nbsp.
5.&nbsp.
Purposes and legal basis for data processing and categories of recipients We process your personal data for various purposes and pursuant to various legal bases.
We process your personal data primarily to provide and improve our Services, to provide you with a personalized user experience on this website, to contact you about your eBay account and our Services, to provide customer service, to provide you with personalized advertising and marketing communications, and to detect, prevent, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activity.
We also share your information with third parties for these purposes. Learn more Below you will find a summary of the purposes for which we process your personal data, including the categories of recipients to whom we transmit personal data for the purposes stated, sorted by legal basis: 5.1 We process your personal data in order to fulfil our contract with you and to provide you with our Services.
This includes the following purposes: 
Processing of data relating to you or your company for the purpose of entering into a contract with you and executing it.
Provision of our Services, including but not limited to enabling and performing transactions with other users (including the transmission of your personal data to other users where necessary to perform the transaction, including in cases of terminated, failed or subsequently voided transactions), providing and enhancing features such as payment processing, ratings and eBay account management, providing other services you may use (as described in connection with such services), and ensuring the functionality of our Services.
In connection with the provision of our Services, we will send you notifications relating to the execution of transactions and the use of our Services in accordance with the communication preferences in your eBay account.
Enabling the delivery of purchased items by logistics/shipping service providers including notifications in connection with the delivery (such as tracking information), the latter to the extent permitted by applicable law without your consent.
Provision of our payment services.
Solution of problems with your eBay account, arbitration of disputes, providing other services within the scope of customer service as well as enforcement of fee claims.
For these purposes, we may contact you via notification in My eBay, email, telephone, SMS, push notification on your mobile device or by mail.
If we contact you by telephone, in order to ensure efficiency, we may use automatically dialed calls with tape announcements or automated text messages in accordance with our User Agreement and Payments Services Agreement, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Processing of general location data (such as IP address or postal code) in order to provide you with location-based services (such as radius search and other content that is personalized on the basis of your general location data).
Enforcement of our User Agreement, the Payments Services Agreement, this User Privacy Notice and other rules and policies.
Publication and promotion of your listings and related content on the websites or in the applications, services and tools of other eBay Inc.
corporate family members or cooperating third party operators of websites, applications, services and tools.
When we share the content of your listings and any related personal data with third parties, we do so only on the basis of an agreement that limits the use of such personal data by the third party to the purposes necessary to fulfil its contractual obligations to us.
Third party providers are contractually obliged to take appropriate security measures with regard to this data.
Third party providers are strictly forbidden to pass on personal data contained in your listings to other third parties.
In case of data transmissions to eBay Inc.
corporate family members, such restrictions result from our Binding Corporate Rules (see section 6.1 Data transfers to eBay Inc.
corporate family members under section 6.
International data transfers below).


Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above:


Other eBay users
eBay Inc.
corporate family members - opens in new window or tab
External service providers and shipping companies (such as DHL, UPS etc.)
Payment service providers including the PayPal Inc.
group of companies
External operators of websites, applications, services and tools
 5.2 We process your personal data in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject.
This includes the following purposes: 
Participation in proceedings (including judicial proceedings) conducted by public authorities or government agencies, in particular, for the purpose of detecting, investigating and prosecuting illegal acts.
Prevention, detection and mitigation of illegal activities (e.g.
fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing).
Ensuring the information security of our Services.
Retention and storage of your personal data to comply with specific legal retention requirements (for more information on eBay's storage of your data, see Storage duration and erasure).


Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above:


Law enforcement agencies, courts, government agencies or public authorities, intergovernmental or supranational bodies (in connection with our payment services provided in the EU for sellers in particular with regard to compliance with Luxembourg laws concerning FATCA dated July 7, 2015 and concerning the OECD Common Reporting Standard dated December 18, 2015).
Third party service providers
Third parties who are involved in judicial proceedings, in particular, if they submit a legal order, court order or equivalent legal order to us.
Credit agencies bureaus or associations, if required by applicable law (e.g.
information on payment delays, payment defaults or other irregularities that may be relevant to your credit report).
eBay Inc.
corporate family members - opens in new window or tab
 5.3 We process your personal data in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
This includes the following purposes: 
Prevention, detection, mitigation and investigation of unlawful activities that may result in impairment of your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person, unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect.


Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above:


Law enforcement agencies, courts, government agencies or public authorities, intergovernmental or supranational bodies
Third parties who are involved in judicial proceedings
eBay Inc.
corporate family members - opens in new window or tab
External service providers
 5.4 We process your personal data where necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
In order to reconcile our legitimate interests with your rights, we have introduced appropriate control mechanisms.
On this basis, we process your data for the following purposes: 
Participation in proceedings (including judicial proceedings) conducted by courts, law enforcement agencies, government agencies or public authorities, intergovernmental or supranational bodies, in particular for the purpose of detecting, investigating and prosecuting illegal acts, unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect, and we may legitimately assume that the disclosure of the data is necessary to avert imminent disadvantages or to report a suspicion of an illegal act.
In such cases, we will only disclose what we believe is necessary, such as your name, city, zip code, telephone number, email address, (previous) user names, IP address, fraud complaints, bidding and listing history.
Protection of the legitimate interests of third parties in connection with civil law disputes, unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect, if we may legitimately assume that it is necessary to disclose the data to such third parties in order to avert imminent disadvantages.
Prevention, detection, mitigation and investigation of fraud, security breaches and other prohibited or unlawful activities, including the assessment of corresponding risks (e.g.
through the use of captchas or the telephone number stored in your eBay account for two-factor authentication), unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect.
Monitoring and improvement of the information security of our Services, unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect.
Performance of identity checks, creditworthiness and other financial standing checks, evaluation of applications and comparison of information for accuracy and verification purposes.
Automatic filtering and, where necessary, manual review of messages sent through our messaging tools to prevent fraudulent or suspicious activity or violations of our User Agreement or other rules and policies, including enforcing the prohibition of purchases and sales outside of eBay, as further explained below under Filtering of messages sent via our messaging tools (see section 11.
Other important information regarding data protection).
Provision of functions for users that make the processing of transactions easier or more convenient (e.g.
administration of several delivery addresses).
Analysis and improvement of the Services from eBay Inc.
corporate family members, e.g.
by reviewing information from users about blocked or crashed pages in order to identify and solve problems and to provide you with an improved user experience, including as part of product development.
Analysis of telephone conversations with our customer service that we recorded with your consent.
Advertisements by mail (according to your communication preferences in your eBay account).
To the extent permitted by applicable law without your consent, communications with you via electronic mail (e.g.
email) or telephone to offer you vouchers, discounts and special offers, to conduct opinion polls and surveys, and to inform you about our Services (according to your communication preferences in your eBay account).
If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can also unsubscribe by clicking on the link in the email you received.
For technical reasons, the implementation may take a few days.
Notifications regarding promotions and information about our Services after logging into your account or in My Messages in My eBay (according to your communication preferences in your eBay account).
For users outside the European Economic Area (EEA): Personalization, measurement and improvement of our and third party advertisements in our online offerings, the online offerings of other eBay Inc.
corporate family members or third parties.
Customization of page content to display the items and services you may like based on the actions you take.
Evaluation of the quality and success of our email marketing campaigns (e.g.
through analysis of opening and click rates).
Assessment of the service status (e.g.
on the basis of tracking information if sellers use shipping labels from shipping providers via eBay or provide tracking numbers).
Offering of partner and bonus programs, co-branding credit cards.
Provision of shared content and services (such as registration for services, transaction processing and customer service) with eBay Inc.
corporate family members or cooperating payment service providers.
Initiation, preparation and execution of a company acquisition, e.g.
in the event of a merger with another company or takeover by another company.
If such an event occurs, we will require the merged entity to comply with this User Privacy Notice with respect to your personal data.
Should your personal data be processed for any purpose not specified in this User Privacy Notice, you will be informed in advance of the processing of your data for this new purpose.
Assertion of or defense against legal claims, including those asserted by one eBay user against another eBay user.


Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above:


eBay Inc.
corporate family members - opens in new window or tab
External service providers
Other eBay users
Law enforcement agencies, courts, government agencies or public authorities, intergovernmental or supranational bodies
Third parties who are involved in judicial proceedings
Payment service providers including the PayPal Inc.
group of companies
Credit agencies or bureaus (e.g.
information about payment delays, payment defaults, or other irregularities that may be relevant to your credit report)
Other companies in the context of a company acquisition
Participants in the eBay VeRO program in the event of an investigation for fraud, intellectual property infringement, product piracy or other unlawful activity, if we, in our sole discretion, deem the investigation of such incident necessary or useful.
In such cases, we will disclose the seller's name, address, city, zip code, country, telephone number, email address and company name to the participant of the eBay VeRO program and bind the participant by a worldwide non-disclosure agreement to treat the data as confidential

Information about your right to object to processing based on our legitimate interests can be found below under Rights as a data subject and, with regard to the use of cookies and similar technologies, below under Cookies &amp.
similar technologies. 5.5 With your consent, we process your personal data for the following purposes: 
For users within the European Economic Area (EEA): Personalization, measurement and improvement of our and third party advertisements in our online offerings, the online offerings of other eBay Inc.
corporate family members or third parties
Marketing communications by telephone or electronic mail (such as email or SMS), including communications by other eBay Inc.
corporate family members or by third parties, unless these communications are permitted without your consent under applicable law
Processing of your exact location data to provide location-based services
Processing of your personal data on the basis of your consent, which you have given so that we or third parties can enable you to use certain services or make them available to you

You can find information about your right to withdraw your consent below under Rights as a data subject and information with regard to the use of cookies and similar technologies below under Cookies &amp.
similar technologies.

Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above:


eBay Inc.
corporate family members - opens in new window or tab
External service providers
Other third parties with whom we partner to offer you specific services (as described at the collection of the respective user consent)
Third party financial institutions with whom we partner to offer financial products to you, for them to provide joint content and services (such as, registration, transactions and customer support).
These third party financial institution partners will use your personal data to send you marketing communications only if you have requested their services

Without your consent, we will not pass on your personal data to third parties for their marketing or advertising purposes, nor will we sell or otherwise make it available to third parties for a fee. 5.6 Data Sharing between eBay Inc.
Corporate Family Members As set out above under "Personal data from other sources," we also receive access to personal data about you from other eBay Inc.
corporate family members - opens in new window or tab.
This enables us, in particular, to provide you, with your consent as legally required, with information about products and services, which we believe might interest you, and improve our products, services, content, and advertising by analyzing your use of the services of other eBay Inc.
corporate family members, in particular through the matching of certain data (e.g.
cookie IDs).
Furthermore, this allows us to better prevent, detect, mitigate and investigate fraud, security breaches and other prohibited or unlawful activities, including the assessment of corresponding risks.
We will also grant access to personal data about you to other eBay Inc.
corporate family members for the aforementioned purposes.
To the extent that other eBay Inc.
corporate family members have access to your personal data, they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this User Privacy Notice. 5.7 Additional information regarding our payment services for sellers With regard to our payment services for sellers in the EU, we additionally point out that eBay S.à r.l.
is subject to professional secrecy, which requires special transparency with regard to the processing and, in particular, the transmission of your personal data.
We therefore expressly draw your attention to the fact that eBay S.à r.l.
may pass on your personal data to trustworthy third parties and business partners where necessary to provide our payment services for sellers, as described above in this Section 5 of the User Privacy Notice.
This includes in particular the following third parties and business partners:

Other payment service providers, including financial institutions
Companies offering financial products, analyses and scoring (e.g.
credit agencies or bureaus)
Authorities, agencies and other governmental bodies (e.g.
to combat fraud)
Auditors and other professional advisors

You can request a complete list of all third party providers and business partners for our payment services for sellers in the EU by contacting us. 5.8 Automated decision-making We use technologies that are considered automated decision making or profiling.
We will not make any automated decisions about you that would significantly affect you unless such a decision is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract with you, we have obtained your consent, or we are required by applicable law to use such technology.
You will find information on your right to object to this processing of your data below under Rights as a data subject. &nbsp.
6.
&nbsp;International data transfers
&nbsp.
Some recipients of your personal data are located outside your country or have offices in countries where data protection laws may provide a different level of protection than the laws in your country.
When transferring personal data to such recipients, we provide appropriate safeguards. Learn more 6.1 Data transfers to eBay Inc.
corporate family members The transmission of personal data between different eBay Inc.
corporate family members is based on our worldwide data protection principles, which are binding internal data protection regulations (Binding Corporate Rules, BCRs), or on the basis of other appropriate safeguards (e.g.
standard data protection clauses issued or approved by the European Commission (2010/87/EU, 2001/497/EC or 2004/915/EC)).
Through our Binding Corporate Rules, the eBay Inc.
corporate family members undertake to protect your personal data and to comply with data protection obligations.
Further information on our binding company-wide guidelines and our worldwide data protection principles can be found in the eBay Privacy Center - opens in new window or tab. 6.2 Other data transfers (from the European Economic Area to third countries) We will only transfer your personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA) to third countries, i.e.
countries outside the EEA, on the basis of appropriate safeguards.
Third countries providing an adequate level of data protection according to the European Commission currently include Andorra, Argentina, Canada (for companies covered by the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act), Switzerland, the Faroe Islands, Guernsey, the State of Israel, the Isle of Man, Japan, Jersey, New Zealand and Uruguay.
Recipients in the USA can be partially certified according to the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield - opens in new window or tab, so that appropriate safeguards for an international data transfer exist.
In other cases, eBay provides the necessary safeguards, e.g.
through the conclusion of data protection contracts adopted by the European Commission (e.g.
standard data protection clauses (2010/87/EU, 2001/497/EC or 2004/915/EC)) with the recipients, or through other measures provided for by law.
A copy of the documentation of the measures taken by us is available on request. &nbsp.
7.
&nbsp;Storage duration and erasure
&nbsp.
Your personal data will be stored by us and our service providers in accordance with applicable data protection laws to the extent necessary for the processing purposes set out in this User Privacy Notice (see Purposes and legal basis for data processing and categories of recipients for more information on the processing purposes).
Subsequently, we will delete your personal data in accordance with our data retention and deletion policy or take steps to properly render the data anonymous, unless we are legally obliged to keep your personal data longer (e.g.
for tax, accounting or auditing purposes).
In Europe, the retention periods are generally between 6 and 10 years (e.g.
for contracts, notifications and business letters).
As far as legally permissible or required, we restrict the processing of your data instead of deleting it (e.g.
by restricting access to it).
This applies in particular to cases where we may still need the data for the execution of the contract or for the assertion of or defense against legal claims.
In these cases, the duration of the restriction of processing depends on the respective statutory limitation or retention periods.
The data will be deleted after the relevant limitation or retention periods have expired. Learn more The specific retention periods for personal data are documented in our regional data retention guidelines.
How long we retain personal data may vary depending on the Services we provide and our legal obligations under applicable national law.
The following factors typically affect the retention period:


Necessity for the provision of our Services
 This includes such things as executing the User Agreement with you, maintaining and improving the performance of our products, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records.
Most of our retention periods are determined on the basis of this general rule.

Special categories of personal data
 If we store special categories of personal data, a shorter retention period is usually appropriate.

Consent-based processing of personal data
 If we process personal data on the basis of consent (including consent to the extended storage), we store the data for as long as necessary in order to process it according to your consent.

Statutory, contractual or other similar obligations
 Corresponding storage obligations may arise, for example, from laws or official orders.
It may also be necessary to store personal data with regard to pending or future legal disputes.
Personal data contained in contracts, notifications and business letters may be subject to statutory storage obligations depending on national law.
 &nbsp.
8.
&nbsp;Rights as a data subject
&nbsp.
Subject to possible restrictions under national law, as a data subject, you have the right to access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing and data portability with regard to your personal data.
In addition, you can withdraw your consent and object to our processing of your personal data on the basis of legitimate interests.
You can also lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Learn more Your rights in detail:

You can withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data by us at any time.
As a result, we may no longer process your personal data based on this consent in the future.
The withdrawal of consent has no effect on the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You have the right to obtain access to your personal data that is being processed by us.
In particular, you may request information on the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, the categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, the existence of the right to request rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal data or to object to such processing, the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, any available information as to the personal data’s source (where they are not collected from you), the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling and, where appropriate, meaningful information on its details.
Your right to access may be limited by national law.
You have the right to obtain from us without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you.
Taking into account the purposes of the processing, you have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
You have the right to obtain from us the erasure of personal data concerning you, unless processing is necessary for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information, for compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
The right to erasure may be limited by national law.
You have the right to obtain from us restriction of processing to the extent that 
the accuracy of the data is disputed by you,
the processing is unlawful, but you oppose the erasure of the personal data,
we no longer need the data, but you need it to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or
you have objected to the processing.


You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller ("right to data portability").
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence, your place of work or the registered office of the controller.

If your personal data is processed on the basis of legitimate interests, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation.
This also applies to profiling.
If your personal data is processed by us for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
The exercise of the above data subjects' rights (e.g.
right to access or erasure) is generally free of charge.
Where requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of their repetitive character, we may charge an appropriate fee (at most our actual costs) in accordance with the applicable statutory regulations or refuse to process the application. Exercising your rights and managing your settings You can exercise your rights as a data subject via our contact forms - opens in new window or tab.
In addition, you are of course free to contact us in any other way.
If you would like to change your preferences regarding eBay notifications (including marketing communications), you can do so at any time in My eBay under "Communication Preferences".
If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can also unsubscribe by clicking on the link in the email you received.
For technical reasons, the implementation may take a few days.
For information on how to manage your cookie and similar technology preferences, see the next section Cookies &amp.
similar technologies. &nbsp.
9.
&nbsp;Cookies &amp.
similar technologies
&nbsp.
When you use our Services, we and selected third parties may use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better, faster and safer user experience or to show you personalized advertising.
Cookies are small text files that are automatically created by your browser and stored on your device when you use the Services.
You can find detailed information about our use of cookies and similar technologies and your choices in our User Cookie Notice. Learn more Our cookies and similar technologies have different functions:

They may be technically necessary for the provision of our Services
They help us optimize our Services technically (e.g.
monitoring of error messages and loading times)
They help us improve your user experience (e.g.
save font size and form data entered)
They allow us to show you more relevant advertisements

We use cookies and similar technologies that remain on your device only as long as your browser is active (session cookies), as well as cookies and similar technologies that remain on your device longer (permanent cookies).
Where possible, we take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access to our cookies and similar technologies.
A unique ID ensures that only we and/or selected third parties have access to cookie data. Your choices regarding cookies You are free to disable the use of cookies and similar technologies if this is supported by your device.
You can manage your cookie settings in your browser or device settings.
In addition, you can decide whether we may use cookies and similar technologies to show you personalized advertisements:

To manage the settings regarding the use of first-party cookies (and similar technologies) for advertising-related purposes, please go to AdChoice - eBay Advertising Preferences - opens in new window or tab (you can also access this page directly via a link in the respective advertisement or the footer of our website)
You can find information about third-party cookies (and similar technologies) related to advertising and how to prevent their use on the following websites: 
www.youronlinechoices.eu - opens in new window or tab
www.aboutads.info/choices - opens in new window or tab (only available in English)
www.networkadvertising.org/choices - opens in new window or tab (only available in English)


Users in the European Economic Area (EEA) can also use Advertising and related preferences - opens in new window or tab to determine to what extent they consent to the processing of their personal data for advertising purposes via cookies (and similar technologies)

If you decide not to have your personal data processed by us for advertising purposes via cookies (and similar technologies), this does not mean that we will not show you advertisements.
It simply means that these advertisements will not be personalized for you using first-party or third-party cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies. &nbsp.
10.
&nbsp;Data security
&nbsp.
We protect your personal data through technical and organizational security measures to minimize risks associated with data loss, misuse, unauthorized access and unauthorized disclosure and alteration.
To this end we use firewalls and data encryption, for example, as well as physical access restrictions for our data centers and authorization controls for data access.
You can find further information on data security in our Security Center - opens in new window or tab. &nbsp.
11.
&nbsp;Other important information regarding data protection This section contains important additional information about the protection of personal data in connection with the use of our Services, including whether you are required to provide personal data. Learn more What happens when you share your personal data on our sites or applications? Other users have access to the information you share on eBay or disclose to other users.
For example, other users can see your bids, purchases, items for sale, saved interests, sellers and searches, storefronts, feedback, ratings, product reviews and associated comments.
Other users can also see any information you chose to share in your profile.
When you use our Services, your public user ID may be displayed and available to the public and associated with all of your public eBay activity.
Notices sent to other users about suspicious activity and notice violations on our sites may refer to your public user ID and specific items.
Accordingly, if you use a username that allows others to identify you, these others may be able to identify your eBay activities.
To help protect your personal data, we allow only limited access to other users' contact, shipping and financial information as necessary to facilitate your transactions and collect payments.
However, when users are involved in a transaction, they have access to each other's name, user ID, email address and other contact and shipping information. Your responsibilities over transactional information you receive through eBay When you complete a transaction with another user (or a transaction has been cancelled, failed, or subsequently invalidated), we will provide you with the other user's personal data (such as name, username, email address, contact information, shipping and billing information).
Independent from us, you are the controller of such data and responsible for any processing.
Unless you act for purely personal purposes, we recommend that you explain your data processing activities in your own privacy notice and protect the privacy of other users.
As a seller, you must in any case comply with the applicable data protection laws and in particular protect the rights of other users as data subjects, e.g.
give them the opportunity to access the personal data collected by you and demand that it be erased.
You may use the personal data that you have access to only for eBay transaction-related purposes, or for other Services offered through eBay (such as shipping, fraud complaints, and member-to-member communications), and for purposes expressly consented by the user to whom the data relates.
Using personal data of other users that you have access to for any other purpose constitutes a violation of our User Agreement. Personal data relating to third parties If you provide us with personal data relating to another person, you must obtain the consent of this person or the disclosure of the data to us must be otherwise legally permissible.
You must inform the other person of how we process personal data in accordance with our User Privacy Notice. Filtering of messages sent via our messaging tools We filter the messages sent via our messaging tools automatically according to certain criteria and check conspicuous messages manually if necessary.
The messages are first received by us and then forwarded to the recipient.
All messages are automatically filtered according to certain criteria.
If necessary, conspicuous messages are checked manually by our customer service.
In the event of a violation, we reserve the right to block the transmission of the message and to restrict the purchase and sales functions of your eBay account or to block your eBay account.
This is to protect legitimate interests such as protecting against fraudulent or suspicious activities (e.g.
spam, viruses, phishing, or other illegal activities) or enforcing our User Agreement and our other rules and policies (e.g.
illegal and other prohibited content), including but not limited to enforcing the prohibition of purchases and sales outside of eBay. Are you obliged to provide your personal data to us? Some of the personal data that you provide to us (e.g.
data by which we can identify you) are required to enter into the User&nbsp;Agreement and the Payments Services Agreement.
The provision of any other personal data is voluntary, but may be necessary for the use of our Services, such as bidding, purchase and sales data to complete a transaction. Children's Privacy Our services are not intended for the use by children.
We do not knowingly collect personal data from users who are considered children under applicable national laws.
According to our User Agreement, children are not permitted to use our Services. Regional Privacy Disclosures For additional regional disclosures for residents of certain U.S.
states, please review our State Privacy Disclosures - opens in new window or tab page. Staying Signed in When you sign in to your account on our Services, we give you the option to stay signed in to your account for certain amount of time.
If you are using a public or shared computer, we encourage you not to choose to stay signed in.
You or any other user of the computer/browser you signed in on will be able to view and access most parts of your account and take certain specific actions during this signed in period without any further authorization.
The specific actions and account activities that you or any other user of this computer/browser may take include:

Bid, buy or make an offer on an item
Check out or add items to your cart
Purchase an item with PayPal using Faster Checkout (if enabled in your account)
View the activity header
View the My eBay page
View or edit the Watch List or order details
View the profile page
Send member-to-member messages
Conduct after-sale activities, like leaving Feedback, canceling orders, requesting returns or submitting claims

If you attempt to change your password, User ID, update any other account information or attempt other account activity beyond those listed above, you may be required to enter your password.
You can typically end your signed in session by either signing out and/or clearing your cookies.
If you have certain browser privacy settings enabled, simply closing your browser may also end your signed in session.
If you are using a public or shared computer, you should sign out and/or clear your cookies when you are done using our Services to protect your account and your personal data. 