 Reporting 
Ello has a zero-tolerance policy for abusive behavior. This includes any form of hate, trolling, stalking, spamming, flaming, impersonating others, harming children, child pornography, or any other behavior intended to hurt another person physically or emotionally.
If you encounter abusive behavior or someone who is not acting in accordance with our Community Guidelines, please report it by contacting reportabuse@ello.co.
Our support team will assess the situation, and take action as necessary.
Updated April 25, 2017 – Policies   Rules OFFICIAL RULES These Official Rules (“Official Rules”) form a legal binding agreement between you and Ello with respect to each and every Creative Brief on www.ello.co (“Website”) in which eligible individuals (“You”, “Your”, “Artist”) participate and you hereby agree to be bound by these Official Rules and the Rules on the specific Creative Brief ("Creative Brief").
Each and every Creative Brief is hosted by TLNT HOLDINGS S.A., 2-4, Rue du Palais de Justice, L-1841 Luxembourg (“Ello” or “Sponsor”) on behalf of itself or on behalf of its clients (a “Client”) as set forth on the Creative Brief

Eligibility

Unless otherwise stated on the Creative Brief, the Creative Brief is open to Artists aged at least 18, or the age of majority in their country of residence, if this is not 18 or over.
Employees of the Client and Ello, Talenthouse, its subsidiaries, their immediate family members (parents, step-parents, children, step-children, siblings, step-siblings and spouses, regardless of where they live), anyone that shares a residence with the above at least 3 months out of the year or anyone professionally associated with the Creative Brief are excluded from participation.
You must ensure that your participation is lawful in accordance with the laws of your country of residence.
The Creative Brief is void where participation would not be permitted under local national laws.
Ello shall not be taken to make any representations, express or implied, as to the lawfulness of participation for an Artist of any particular country.
No purchase is necessary to enter or be selected as Awardee(s) (“Awardee(s)”) of a Creative Brief.
However, internet access and an Ello account are required.

Timeline

Submission Period: The starting and closing dates and times for the Submission Period are specified on the Creative Brief.
In the event of unforeseen circumstances outside of our control, Ello reserves the right to extend the Submission Period but will always endeavour to minimize the impact on Artists to avoid undue disappointment.
Selection Period: The period of time that Ello verifies the eligibility of the Artists to participate in the Creative Brief, and the Judging Panel as designated by the Client (“Judging Panel”), reviews and judges all of the submissions from the Artists against the criteria set out on the Creative Brief to select the Awardee(s).
The starting and closing dates and times for the Selection Period are specified on the Creative Brief.
Announcement Date: The date following the Selection Period, that the Awardee(s) are announced on the Creative Brief.
The Announcement Date is specified on the Creative Brief and may be subject to change.

Artist Terms

Where Artist Teams are permitted on a Creative Brief, as specified on the Creative Brief, more than one Artist may collaborate in a joint submission, all members of the Artist Team agree that:
a.
the individual whose Ello account is used to submit the Work for the Creative Brief will be designated the leader of the Artist Team (“Team Leader”);
b.
the Team Leader is solely responsible for distributing any proceeds resulting from being selected as an Awardee to the other individuals in the Artist Team;
c.
all individuals in the Artist Team must have read, understood and agreed to be bound by these Official Rules;
d.
all individuals in the Artist Team agree to release and hold harmless Ello, the Judging Panel, and their respective parent companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, contractors, subcontractors, partners and any other organizations responsible for fulfilling, administering, advertising or promoting the Creative Brief, and all of their respective past, present and future officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, successors and assigns (“Released Parties”) from any losses, whether directly, indirectly or consequentially out of any dispute between any of the individuals in a Artist Team.
and
e.
individuals in a Artist Team should consider entering into their own written agreement regarding the individuals’ respective rights and responsibilities to each other in connection with their participation in the Creative Brief.

How to submit your work

To submit an original piece of authorship (the “Work”) for a particular Creative Brief, log into your Ello account (or create one for free), then visit the Creative Brief and follow the instructions ensuring that the requirements specified are followed.
Ello reserves the right to disqualify any Artist or Work that does not comply with these Official Rules in its sole discretion.
Ello is not obligated to notify you if your Work has been disqualified and removed from the Creative Brief.
To be an eligible submission, your Work must meet the following requirements:
a.
Work must be your own original work, solely created by you;
b.
Work submitted may have previously been licensed, used, published or distributed, but you must retain the rights to the work, and be able to license the work to the Client as detailed in the Creative Brief.

c.
Work must not have previously won any award;
d.
Work must not infringe the copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary rights of any individual or entity, other than any materials, copyright or trademarks provided as part of the Creative Brief;
e.
except as provided in the Creative Brief, the Work must not contain, be derived from, or reference any names, products or services of any business, company, entity or any third-party trademarks, logos trade dress or promotion of any brand, product or service.
and
f.
Work must comply with all applicable law.


Any Work that is defamatory, malicious, indecent, sexually explicit, libelous, or contains inappropriate or otherwise objectionable content, may be disqualified at any time at Ello’s sole discretion.


You may not be:


a.
represented under a contract that would limit or impair Ello or the Released Parties’ ability to use, display or otherwise exploit the Work in any form or media.
or
b.
subject to an acting or modelling contract that would make the submission or appearance in the Work a violation of any third-party rights.
You are solely responsible for obtaining all releases and consent necessary to permit the exhibition, use, license, sale, etc.
of the Work by the Released Parties.
The Released Parties may request that you provide a copy of a release signed by any individual featured in a Work.
Ello and the Judging Panel reserve the right to disqualify any submission that they determine, violates these Official Rules or the spirit of the Creative Brief.
The decision of Ello, and the Judging Panel are final and binding on all matters related to the Creative Brief.
You may update and replace existing submissions with new Work during the Submission Period.
This is on the understanding that the new Work will replace the original Work, and the original Work will be disqualified.
All work submitted to the Creative Brief will be reviewed by the Client.
Any work deemed defamatory, malicious, indecent, sexually explicit, libelous, or contains inappropriate will be hidden from the brief.
All other work will become visible on the Creative Brief during the submission period.

Selection Process

Works submitted during a Submission Period will be judged as described below:
a.
Judging Criteria: All valid Works will be judged by the Judging Panel based on the criteria described on the Creative Brief.
b.
Selection: Each Work will be evaluated during the Selection Period and scored based on the Judging Criteria.
The Artist(s) with the highest score(s) will be deemed Awardee(s) who will receive the incentive described on the Creative Brief (“Incentive” or “Opportunity”).
In the event of a tie, the relevant Works will be subject to final vote from the Judging Panel to select the Awardee(s).
The odds of being selected as an Awardee depend on the nature, quality and number of eligible submissions received.
In the event that an Awardee is disqualified for any reason, Ello and the Released Parties reserve the right to select another Awardee in the same manner.

Opportunity

Following the Announcement Date, the Awardee(s) will receive the incentive detailed in the Opportunity section of the Creative Brief (“Incentive”.
“Opportunity” or “Award”) within 90 days.
Incentives are not transferable or exchangeable and cannot be redeemed for any other form of compensation.
If for any reason an Incentive is not available, Ello and the Released Parties reserve the right, in their sole discretion, to substitute the Incentive for an alternative of equal or greater value (or cash equivalent).
If any portion of an Incentive is unclaimed, unaccepted or unused by the Awardee(s), that portion will be forfeited and will not be substituted.
Where an Incentive is not a financial Incentive, the Incentive will be deemed to have no commercial value.
Ello will take all steps to ensure that an Incentive is available, however in the event that an incentive is unavailable for reasons outside of the control of Ello, the Awardee(s) agree to waive and release the Released Parties from any and all liability related to the award of the Incentive.

Notification and Verification of Selected Works

Prior to the award of any Incentive all Awardees are subject to verification by Ello, whose decisions are final and binding in all matters related to the Creative Brief.
During the Selection Period, Awardee(s) will be notified by mail, phone or email, at Ello’s discretion, using the information provided by Artists when creating an Ello account.
The Awardee(s) will be required to respond to complete and return a License Agreement and Rights Release Form (granting the Client certain rights as further specified on the Creative Brief) and a Creative Brief Awardee Agreement (“Awardee Agreement”) by the date specified.
If an Awardee does not respond by the specified time or if an Awardee fails to abide by these Official Rules, Ello reserves the right to disqualify the Awardee.
Ello reserves the right to modify the notification procedures, the Rights Release Form and the Awardee Agreement in connection with the selection of the Awardee(s).

Publicity and Use of Personal Information

Except where prohibited by applicable law, by accepting an Incentive, all Awardees agree and acknowledge that Ello and the Released Parties and any of their respective agents, designees or licensees may, without any limitation or further compensation, use the Awardee’s name, voice, biographical data, likeness, picture, opinions, entry materials, photograph, Work (in whole or in part), hometown and state, and audio or video recording of the Awardee for promotional purposes related to the Creative Brief in any media, worldwide, without further payment or consideration.
By participating in the Creative Brief, you will be sharing your personal information with Ello.
This information will be used for administration of the Creative Brief, to respond to you in matters regarding your Work or the Creative Brief, awarding Incentives, and as otherwise set forth in the Privacy Policy, unless we have your consent.
Ello and/or any of its Affiliates may transfer data to third parties (e.g.
Talenthouse, Promo Veritas) in order to assist Ello in the implementation, administration and management of the Creative Briefs.

Intellectual Property Rights

You must create your Work without using or referencing any works or intellectual property of any other person, except as expressly permitted pursuant to instructions on the Creative Brief.
Work submitted may be pre-existing work created by you.
If you violate this provision you will be disqualified from the Creative Brief.
By participating in the Creative Brief, you grant Ello and the Released Parties a non-exclusive, limited, worldwide license to copy, modify, transmit, publicly display and exhibit, the Work (in whole or in part) solely on Ello’s and Released Parties’ media channels for promotional purposes in connection with the Creative Brief.
to otherwise administer the Creative Brief or.
to otherwise market or promote Ello’s services.
If you are not selected as an Awardee you will retain all rights in the original portions of your Works, subject to the foregoing limited license.
You acknowledge that submissions are made on a non-confidential basis and that, except for the Awardee(s), no promise of payment has been made for the use of your Works.
You further acknowledge that Client engages in the creation, acquisition, and development of creative materials which may coincidentally resemble your Work.
As such, you waive all claims of infringement, misuse, or misappropriation of the Work.
Whenever your Work is published by Ello or the Released Parties, all reasonable efforts will be taken to ensure you will be credited.
However, failure to provide accurate credit shall be considered an error or oversight and shall not constitute a breach of these rules or an infringement of your copyright.

Limitation of Liability

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Ello and the Released Parties make no representations or warranties whatsoever, express or implied, regarding the Creative Brief, including without limitation any:
a.
warranty of merchantability;
b.
warranty of fitness for a particular purpose.
or
c.
warranty against infringement of intellectual property rights of a third party.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law the Released Parties accept no liability to you or any third-party for any loss of use, revenue, profit, data, or for any consequential, incidental, indirect, exemplary, special or punitive damages whether arising out of breach of contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, regardless of whether such damage was foreseeable and whether or not such party has been advice of the possibly of such damage, and notwithstanding the failure of any agreed or other remedy of its essential purpose.
The sole and exclusive maximum liability of the Released Parties for all damages, losses and causes of action related to the Creative Brief shall be one hundred dollars (US$100).

Release, Indemnification and Disclaimer

By participating in the Creative Brief, you agree:
a.
to release and hold harmless the Released Parties from and against any and all losses, harm, damages, injury, costs, expenses liability and claims of any kind (including attorneys’ fees), arising out of or relating to your creation or submission of Work, participation in the Creative Brief or any Creative-Brief related activity, acceptance or use or misuse of any Incentive, or the copying, displaying, performing, usage or exploitation of a Work;
b.
to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Released Parties from any third- party claims, or actions of any kind and from any losses arising out of any breach or alleged breach by you in any rules or laws, your participation in the Creative Brief, submission of a Work, or acceptance or use or misuse of any Incentive;
c.
that the Released Parties assume no responsibility for any injury or damage to your or to anyone else’s computer, regardless of how caused, relating to or resulting from entering or downloading files, materials or software or any other activity in connection with the Creative Brief;
d.
that Talenthouse and the Released Parties have neither made nor are in any manner responsible or liable for any warranty, representations or guarantees, express or implied, in fact or in law, relative to any Incentive or any component thereof, including, but not limited to, express warranties provided by the supplier of the Incentive (or any component thereof) or their affiliates.

Interference

Ello and the Judging Panel reserve the right to disqualify you if you are found to be (or are suspected to be):
a.
tampering with the submission process or the operation of the Creative Brief or any website promoting the Creative Brief;
b.
acting in violation of these Official Rules, or otherwise acting in an unprofessional or disruptive manner.
or
c.
submitting or attempting to submit to the Creative Brief more submissions than permitted on the Creative Brief through the 
use of multiple email addresses or the use of any robotic or automated devices to submit submissions.
If Ello determines, in its sole discretion, that technical difficulties or unforeseen events compromise the integrity or viability of the Creative Brief, Ello reserves the right to void the submissions at issue or terminate the relevant portion of the Creative Brief, including the entire Creative Brief, or modify the Creative Brief, these Official Rules, or award Incentives based upon the criteria set forth in these Official Rules from all eligible submissions received prior to the termination date.

Payments and Opportunity Fulfilment

Any cash Incentives that are made available to Awardee(s) for specific Creative Briefs, will be paid directly to you by Ello or Client by PayPal, wire transfer or some other payment method agreed upon by you and Ello after receipt of all required documentation and materials within 90 days following the Announcement Date.
You shall be solely responsible for any applicable federal, state, local or other taxes and any fees and costs applicable to such Incentives (e.g., wire transfer fees).
Ello reserves the right to withhold the relevant portion of such Incentive to cover the cost of any such fees or costs, including without limitation any applicable wire transfer fees.
Applicable taxing authorities may treat cash Incentives as income, and you shall bear all tax obligations.
Any non-cash Incentive that is made available to the Awardee(s) for specific Creative Briefs are confirmed, will be fulfilled to you by the Client within 90 days following the Announcement.
Ello will share the Awardee(s) email address with the Client to arrange fulfilment directly with the Artist(s).

General Conditions

Ello’s and the Released Parties’ failure to enforce any provision of these Official Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision.
If, for any reason, any Work or other information is confirmed to have been erroneously deleted, lost, or otherwise destroyed or corrupted, your sole remedy is the opportunity to submit another submission to the Creative Brief if such submission is a reasonable possibility.
These Official Rules, together with the terms provided on the Creative Brief, the Privacy Policy, the Terms and Conditions of use for the Ello website and the other agreements referenced in these Official Rules, contain the entire agreement between you and Ello and Released Parties relating to the Creative Brief.
Where there is a conflict between these Official Rules and any other Terms and Conditions, Policies or agreements, the guidelines on the Creative Brief will take precedence.
Ello reserves the right to exercise any of the rights or obligations that Ello may have under this Agreement by subcontracting the exercise or performance of all or any portion of such rights and obligations on Ello’s behalf as permitted under relevant legislation.

Alternative Dispute Resolution, Governing law and Choice of Forum

To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that:
a.
any disputes, claims and causes of action against the Released Parties related to the Creative Brief, or Incentives other than those concerning the administration of the Creative Brief or determination of Awardee(s) will be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action.
and
b.
any claims, judgements and awards shall be limited to actual damages, and out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with entering the Creative Brief, but shall in no event include attorneys’ fees.
Except where prohibited, all issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of Artist or Ello or Released Parties in connection with the Creative Brief shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Updated August 22, 2018 – Policies   Data Policy Ello, a company incorporated in the Unites States whose registered office is at 150 E.
69th St., Ste.
5F, New York, NY 10021 (“we/us/our”).
We use cookies and this page explains their use.
Our websites uses cookies and local storage (aka web storage) to distinguish users.
This helps us to provide you with a good experience when accessing our websites, and also allows us to improve our websites.
We use cookies to analyze how visitors use our websites and to help us provide a better experience for visitors. General Information about cookies and local storage Cookies can most easily be explained as leaving a small trail in your browser confirming where you have been on the internet or navigation from certain emails that you open.
A cookie is a small file typically consisting of a string of letters and numbers that is sent by a web server to a web browser (e.g.
Google Chrome), and stored by the browser.
This small file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies can be used by web servers to distinguish and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and to improve the experience for returning users.
Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies.
A session cookie will expire at the end of the user session, effectively when the web browser is closed.
A persistent cookie will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until a set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date).
Local storage is a similar storage system to cookies but differs in many ways.
It is also used to store session and persistent data, but the data is not sent to the server by default, and it cannot be retrieved using basic HTTP methods, and so has some security advantages over cookies. How we use cookies and local storage We may use cookies and local storage for the following purposes:

To recognize your device when you visit our websites;
To log on and register on our websites:
To improve our websites’ usability;
To analyze the use of our websites;
To link to email marketing campaigns;
To improve the security of our websites.
and
For the general administration of our websites.
 Data on our website We use both session data and persistent data on this website.
Session cookies and session storage are data that is deleted when you leave the site.
Persistent data are data that last for at least one year after you last visit our website.
The specific data that we store are:

Registration, Login and Application data, which are persistent data
Social media data, which are persistent data.
and used for example with LinkedIn
Performance and tracking data, which are persistent data
Analytics data, which are persistent data
Device data, which are persistent data

Most data we use are persistent data to give you a better experience and service.
For your information these are the cookies active on our website:


_cfduid (and other cookies prefixed _cfd) are cookies created and used by our security and traffic throttling provider, Cloudflare.
They are technical cookies and do not contain user data.

__qca is created and used by Quantcast to help us analyze our user behavior.
It only contains a unique identifier and it is used to record a user's actions as they browse our site.

_fbp is a cookie created by Facebook to help us analyze our user behavior.
It only contains a unique identifier and it is used to record a user's actions as they browse our site.

_ga, _gat, _gid are cookies created by Google to help us analyze our user behavior.
They are unique identifiers used to record a user's actions as they browse our site.

ajs_anonymous_id, ajs_group_id, and ajs_user_idare cookies created by Segment to help us analyze our user behavior.
They are unique identifiers used to record a user's actions as they browse our site.

mp_ prexifed cookies are created by MixPanel to help us analyze our user behavior.
It only contains a unique identifier and it is used to record a user's actions as they browse our site.

These are the ways we use local storage on our website:

Authentication data, specifcally an Oauth token that identifies your logged in Ello session.
User inferface settings, like preferences for viewing a feed in grid or list mode.
Caching of data for quick loading of pages
 Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies are persistent cookies that allow us to recognize, count the number of visitors, and provide anonymous data about how our visitors use our websites.
Using analytics cookies helps us improve the way our websites work and navigate, ensuring that users are able to find what they are looking for without difficulty.
No personally identifiable data is collected about you.
For further information please click here. Device Cookies We may in the future use a persistent cookie or local storage to understand what device you are using and make sure the website is displayed correctly. Managing and Blocking cookies You can block some or all cookies by activating the setting on your browser.
If you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our websites.
This may impair your ability to fully utilise our websites.
More information about cookies can be found on this website.
This also gives details on how to delete cookies from your device.
For information on how to do this on your smart mobile phone or tablet browser, please consult your device’s manual, or manufacturer.
More information can be found here. Your Consent By clicking “Accept” on the cookie banner, you agree to the placement of cookies on your device, unless you actively block them.
If you choose not to receive our cookies, we cannot guarantee that your experience will be as fulfilling as it would otherwise be or access all the website.
Once your consent has been provided, this message will not appear again when you revisit.
If you, or another user of your computer, wish to withdraw your consent at any time, you can do so by altering your browser settings. Contact us If you have any questions about our cookies or this Data Policy please contact us by email to hello@ello.co.
Updated March 10, 2020 – Policies   Community Guidelines Ello was created by idealists who believe that the essential nature of all human beings is to be good — kind, considerate, helpful, intelligent, responsible, supportive and respectful of others.
However, this does not mean that everyone always acts accordingly.
Therefore, we’ve created a list of community guidelines that we ask all Ello members adhere to.
Members found to be acting outside of our guidelines risk account suspension or removal from Ello.

Please do not threaten people.

This includes threats of violence, and threats to hurt others in any way.

Please do not post others’ personal information.

Please do not post any personal information of other members or third parties unless you have express permission from them to do so.

Please do not hate.

Slurs or hate speech, including denigrating comments involving race, sexual orientation, religious or political belief, age, or just about anything else, whether personal or general are not allowed.

Please do not promote self-harm.

Please do not post content that glorifies self-harm.
Please do not encourage others to harm themselves.

Please do not spam.

Please do not use fake tags or deceptive links or try to mislead others about the things you post.
Please do not use malware or other deceptive code when you post.
Please do not phish.
Please do not follow large amounts of members in bulk for the sole purpose of leading them to your profile.

Please do not automate.

Ello is for human beings, not bots.

Please do not infringe on other people’s copyrights and trademarks.

Please do not post content that belongs to third parties without their consent.
Please make sure you have the right to post the content that you share on Ello.
Please only post content that is legal.
You can not post content that violates governmental law or regulation.

Please do not squat on usernames.

Please do not register a username that you are not going to use yourself.
Please do not register a username to prevent someone else from using it.
Usernames that have not been actively used for an extended period of time may be reclaimed.

Please do not impersonate others.

Be yourself, or a version of yourself.
Please do not pretend to be someone else.

Please do not post anything inappropriate about minors, including things that are violent or sexual in nature.


Please do not use Ello to intrude on other people’s privacy.


Regarding NSFW content;

If you regularly post adult-oriented content, otherwise deemed NSFW, please respect those in our community that do not wish to see it by flagging your profile Not Safe for Work (NSFW) through your account settings.
To designate your profile NSFW, visit our Settings page under the heading, NSFW, “Post Adult Content.”
If you regularly post adult content and do not mark your account NSFW, we may ask you to do so, or we may flag your account NSFW for you.
If you abuse our NSFW rules, your account may be suspended or removed.
If you choose not to view adult content, all NSFW posts will be hidden and NSFW member avatars and headers will be pixelated accordingly.
Please do not post any content depicting sexual stimulation or penetration.


Please do not be a technological nuisance.

Please do not try to circumvent or compromise our security or access non-public areas of the Ello.
Please do not use robots or other automated technology to access Ello.
Please do not scrape content from Ello.
Please do not try to deceive members or the general public.
Please do not intentionally load test our Service to see how much traffic Ello can handle.
Please Do not distribute viruses or malware to or through Ello.

Please respect your fellow community members.

If someone has blocked or muted you, please respect their decision and do not try to communicate with them through an alternative account.
Ello’s community guidelines expressly forbid posting abusive content of any kind, including content that portrays or encourages violence towards people or animals.
If you do not adhere to our community guidelines we may contact you and ask you to adhere.
If you do not comply, your account may be suspended or removed and your username forfeited.
We reserve the right to enforce or not to enforce these guidelines in whatever way we see fit, at our sole discretion.
It is important to note that Ello’s community guidelines and supporting policies do not create a duty or contractual obligation for us to act in any particular manner.
We reserve the right to change these guidelines at any time.
Please be cool, play nice and have fun.
If you encounter abusive behavior or someone who is not acting in accordance with our Community Guidelines, please report it by contacting reportabuse@ello.co.
Our support team will assess the situation, and take action as necessary.
Updated April 25, 2017 – Policies   Member Data Ello is a mission-driven organization, with a commitment to never display paid advertising, sell member data to third parties.
We believe that data transparency is the best approach to managing privacy and that the more we know about our personal data and its’ usage, the better and more informed the choices we can make.
The only member data Ello collects is the data you share with us on your Settings page and in your posts i.e., Name, Email Address, Location, Creator Type, etc..
All other product usage data is anonymized.
Anonymized product usage data is used to assess and improve product quality and performance.
If you wish to opt-out of anonymized data collection you may do so on your Settings page.
Similarly, you can download all of your member data from your Setting page at any time.
Furthermore, if you do not wish to have your data anonymized, you may opt-out of anonymous on your Ello settings page.
In addition to allowing members to opt-out of anonymized data collection, Ello respects Do Not Track (DNT) browser settings.
Ello allows members to post third party embedded media, such as YouTube, Vimeo, Soundcloud, and other similar services, that may include advertising.
Ello does not make money from ads shown in embedded media, and offers you the option to hide embedded media on your Settings page.
To understand more about Ello’s data usage please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Updated August 22, 2018 – Policies   Privacy Policy 
Your Privacy is Very Important To Us

Ello takes data privacy seriously.
As a network that does not serve advertisements and that does not sell information about its users or use of the Site (defined below) to third parties, Ello has also taken unique steps that help you control how much information about you is shared when you use the Site.
Please read this document in its entirety and take it seriously.
It explains Ello's privacy practices, and what kind of information we collect when you use our web site located at ello.co and related mobile apps (collectively, the “Site”).
and also how you can opt-out of sharing some of this information. Information Ello Collects When you visit The Site, we may collect and store general, non-identifiable information about what pages you access, your general geographic location (e.g., a city, but not a street address), the device you are using, an anonymized version of your IP address, and the address of websites that refer you to the Site.
We also store your email address and UserID that you choose when you register for an account.
We may use this information to protect Ello and its users from spam, viruses, identity theft, illegal or harmful activities, as well as to understand how people use the Site, which features work and which don't, and to help us develop and improve the Site's features and services.
For example, if we create a feature that everybody is using, we want to know about that, so we collect data about how much different features are used.
Additionally, if we have a lot of visitors from The Netherlands (which we do) then we might translate our Help section into Dutch (which we are considering, except none of us speak Dutch).
We may create anonymous records by excluding personally identifiable information (such as your name) from records.
We also collect any information you provide us if you choose to contact us directly or post on our web site or on your page, including any personally identifiable information.
We use this information for the purpose you provided it – for instance, to provide support or answer questions – and to provide you the Site.
Ello uses tools and third party services to gather and aggregate general information about anonymous user behavior.
These tools and services may use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the site, compiling reports on site activity for us and providing other services relating to site activity and internet usage.
These tools and services may also transfer this information to parties where required to do so by law, or where such additional parties process the information on the tool or third party service’s behalf.
To the best of our knowledge, the tools or third party services used to gather information on Ello’s behalf collect information in such a way that neither Ello, nor the tools and services, can easily trace saved information back to any individual user.
Ello is unique in that we offer our users the option to opt-out of anonymous information gathering through third party services on the user settings page.
We also respect “Do Not Track” browser settings.
On your Ello settings page, you can choose to turn off anonymous information gathering through third party services completely when you visit the Site.
If you choose either of these options, we make best efforts not to send any data about your user behavior, anonymized or otherwise, to any third party service providers.
Please be aware that there may be other services that you are using and that are not controlled by Ello (including Google, Google Chrome Web Browser, Android Operating System, and YouTube) that may continue to send information to third party service providers when you use the Site, even if you have asked us not to send information through our services.
If you want to invite a friend to the Site, you will need to provide us their email address. Email Communications From time to time we may email you information about Ello that we think is necessary and important.
By opening or maintaining an account with Ello, you agree to receive administrative emails as part of your basic service.
You can always opt-out of non-administrative emails.
If anyone ever contacts you and asks for your Ello password, they are probably trying to scam you.
Ello will never do this.
Please don't give your Ello password to anyone, and let us know about it so we can hunt them down and execute suitable punishment. Information Sharing Ello does not make money from selling advertising on the site, serving ads to you, or selling information about our users to third parties, including advertisers, data brokers, search engines, or anyone else.
We may share your information, including personal information, with third parties under several circumstances, including (1) if you tell us it is OK to do so (2) if we believe that we need to do so to comply with applicable law or legal obligations (3) if we contract with a third party service provider to offer services for you — for example, with a credit card processing company if you decide to buy something through the Site.
Ello does not have any affiliated companies right now.
But if we do in the future, we may share information with them, too.
We will do our best to resist baseless legal requests to access information.
However, we may disclose your information or content to satisfy a law, regulation, legal process, governmental request, or governmental order.
Ello's policy is to give you, advance notice if we are going to release your information unless by law we are prohibited from or advised against doing so.
If we think that by disclosing your information we may prevent serious harm to Ello, its users, you, or anyone else for that matter, we may do so without notifying you.
Finally, if may disclose your information if we believe it is necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise address safety, fraud, or security concerns related to Ello. Ello is a Public Network The Site is a platform built for posting and sharing content publicly.
You should assume that anything you post or upload on the Site other than private messages will be accessed by the public.
Search engines will be able to see the content you post.
Content you post may be copied, shared, or re-posted on the Site and on other parts of the internet in ways that you and we cannot control.
We have made it easy for you to delete posted content from your personal account, and also to delete your account altogether (there’s a link to do so on your personal settings page).
However, we may store backups of your content on our servers, even after it is deleted or after you delete your account.
Furthermore, deleting your account or specific content doesn’t mean that your content hasn’t been copied or shared on the Site, and on other parts of the internet by people or services that have nothing to do with the Site.
We strongly suggest that you consider this when deciding what to post and what not to post on the Site (or anywhere on the Internet, for that matter).
Please post responsibly! Ello and Cookies Ello uses cookies to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you use the Site.
A cookie is a small amount of information that is stored in your web browser, which may contain information about you and the way you use the internet and services like the Site.
We use cookies to identify our users, provide automatic login, and personalize your Ello experience.
We also may use cookies embedded in emails to help figure out whether anyone is actually reading the drivel that we write.
You can turn cookies off on your web browser, but if you do, the Site may not work properly, and in some cases, you may not be able to log into the Site at all.
There are many other third party services and websites that may place cookies in your browser.
Our privacy policy only covers our use of Ello cookies, not cookies used by third parties. Choices In the “Settings” section of your Ello account, you can make choices about how your content and data is used and shared.
We are frequently adding new features and controls, so visit it often and configure your account to fit your personal preferences regarding privacy, data collection, and content and data sharing. Data Storage and Deletion of Accounts and Data We are committed to protecting the security of your information.
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures designed to help protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
Despite these measures, you should know that we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with information and mistakes may happen.
You can access or change your personal profile and contact information or delete your account through your Ello personal settings page.
If you choose to delete or deactivate your account, you can no longer retrieve your content or reactivate your account, and we cannot do so for you.
Also, your username may become available for another person to use.
Ello stores its data on servers run by authorized affiliates and service providers.
We or an authorized affiliate and/or service provider we work with to store data may keep backups of Ello’s data and code, which may or may not include posts and other information that you put on the Site, even after you have deleted your account.
Therefore, even after you delete your account, your data may remain in stored backups, although it will be no longer visible or publicly accessible on the Site. Children Under 13 The Site is intended for the general public, but is not meant for children under 13.
We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
Please contact us if you become aware that a child under the age of 13 is using the Site, or has posted personal information about themselves on the Site, and we will work to remove both the information and the child’s Ello account. A Note to Users Outside of the United States You acknowledge and agree that Ello’s servers and operations are in the United States.
As a result, regardless of where you live, your content is transferred to and stored in the United States, and you hereby consent to the transfer, processing, and storage of your content in the United States. Changes to the Ello Privacy Policy Ello may update this policy from time to time.
We will let you know if we make significant changes by sending a notice to the email address connected with your Ello account, or by placing a notice in a prominent place on our web site.
If we make a significant change, the notice we provide will indicate when the change will be effective.
If you do not agree with the upcoming change, please delete your account.
If you continue to use the Site after the stated effective date, you will be deemed to have accepted the change.
You can also always find the most current version of this policy on our web site. Contact Information We welcome your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy.
Please e-mail us at legal@ello.co or contact us at the following address: Ello, 150 E.
69th St.
Ste.
5F New York NY 10021
Updated January 22, 2019 – Policies   Ello | wtf WTF Search Clear Back to Ello Search Results for “
” Type a search term next to the magnifying glass above to search for something… post_title  More 
 More 
View all topics… Privacy Policy  @aeforia  Privacy Policy 
Your Privacy is Very Important To Us

Ello takes data privacy seriously As a network that does not serve advertisements and that does not sell information about its users or use of the Site (defined below) to third parties, Ello has also taken unique steps that help you control how much information about you is shared when you use the Site.
Please read this document in its entirety and take it seriously.
It explains Ello's privacy practices, and what information we collect when you use our web site located at www.ello.co and related mobile apps (collectively, the “Site”).
and also how you can opt-out of sharing some of this information. Information Ello Collects When you visit The Site, we may collect and store general, non-identifiable information about what pages you access, your general geographic location (e.g., a city, but not a street address), the device you are using, an anonymized version of your IP address, and the address of web sites that refer you to the Site.
We also store your email address and UserID that you choose when you register for an account.
We may use this information to protect Ello and its users from spam, viruses, identity theft, illegal or harmful activities, as well as to understand how people use the Site, which features work and which don't, and to help us develop and improve the Site's features and services.
For example, if we create a feature that everybody is using, we want to know about that, so we collect data about how much different features are used.
Additionally, if we have a lot of visitors from The Netherlands (which we do) then we might translate our Help section into Dutch (which we are considering, except none of us speak Dutch).
We may create anonymous records by excluding personally identifiable information (such as your name) from records.
We also collect any information you provide us if you choose to contact us directly or post on our web site or on your page, including any personally identifiable information.
We use this information for the purpose you provided it – for instance, to provide support or answer questions – and to provide you the Site.
Ello uses an anonymized version of Google Analytics to gather and aggregate general information about user behavior.
Google may use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the site, compiling reports on site activity for us and providing other services relating to site activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
To the best of our knowledge, the information gathered by Google on Ello’s behalf is collected in such a way that neither Ello, nor Google, can easily trace saved information back to any individual user.
Ello is unique in that we offer our users the option to opt-out of Google Analytics on the user settings page.
We also respect “Do Not Track” browser settings.
On your Ello settings page, you can choose to turn Google Analytics off completely when you visit the Site.
If you choose either of these options, we make best efforts not to send any data about your user behavior, anonymized or otherwise, to Google or any other third party service provider.
Please be aware that there may be other services that you are using and that are not controlled by Ello (including Google, Google Chrome Web Browser, Android Operating System, and YouTube) that may continue to send information to Google when you use the Site, even if you have asked us not to send information through our services.
If you want to invite a friend to the Site, you will need to provide us their email address. Email Communications From time to time we may email you information about Ello that we think is necessary and important.
By opening or maintaining an account with Ello, you agree to receive administrative emails as part of your basic service.
You can always opt-out of non-administrative emails.
If anyone ever contacts you and asks for your Ello password, they are probably trying to scam you.
Ello will never do this.
Please don't give your Ello password to anyone, and let us know about it so we can hunt them down and execute suitable punishment. Information Sharing Ello does not make money from selling advertising on the site, serving ads to you, or selling information about our users to third parties, including advertisers, data brokers, search engines, or anyone else.
We may share your information, including personal information, with third parties under several circumstances, including (1) if you tell us it is OK to do so (2) if we believe that we need to do so to comply with applicable law or legal obligations (3) if we contract with a third party service provider to offer services for you — for example, with a credit card processing company if you decide to buy something through the Site.
Ello does not have any affiliated companies right now.
But if we do in the future, we may share information with them, too.
We will do our best to resist baseless legal requests to access information.
However, we may disclose your information or content to satisfy a law, regulation, legal process, governmental request, or governmental order.
Ello's policy is to give you, advance notice if we are going to release your information unless by law we are prohibited from or advised against doing so.
If we think that by disclosing your information we may prevent serious harm to Ello, its users, you, or anyone else for that matter, we may do so without notifying you.
Finally, if may disclose your information if we believe it is necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise address safety, fraud, or security concerns related to Ello. Ello is a Public Network The Site is a platform built for posting and sharing content publicly.
You should assume that anything you post or upload on the Site other than private messages will be accessed by the public.
Search engines will be able to see the content you post.
Content you post may be copied, shared, or re-posted on the Site and on other parts of the internet in ways that you and we cannot control.
We have made it easy for you to delete posted content from your personal account, and also to delete your account altogether (there’s a link to do so on your personal settings page).
However, we may store backups of your content on our servers, even after it is deleted or after you delete your account.
Furthermore, deleting your account or specific content doesn’t mean that your content hasn’t been copied or shared on the Site, and on other parts of the internet by people or services that have nothing to do with the Site.
We strongly suggest that you consider this when deciding what to post and what not to post on the Site (or anywhere on the Internet, for that matter).
Please post responsibly! Ello and Cookies Ello uses cookies to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you use the Site.
A cookie is a small amount of information that is stored in your web browser, which may contain information about you and the way you use the internet and services like the Site.
We use cookies to identify our users, provide automatic login, and personalize your Ello experience.
We also may use cookies embedded in emails to help figure out whether anyone is actually reading the drivel that we write.
You can turn cookies off on your web browser, but if you do, the Site may not work properly, and in some cases, you may not be able to log into the Site at all.
There are many other third party services and web sites that may place cookies in your browser.
Our privacy policy only covers our use of Ello cookies, not cookies used by third parties. Choices In the “Settings” section of your Ello account, you can make choices about how your content and data is used and shared.
We are frequently adding new features and controls, so visit it often and configure your account to fit your personal preferences regarding privacy, data collection, and content and data sharing. Data Storage and Deletion of Accounts and Data We are committed to protecting the security of your information.
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures designed to help protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
Despite these measures, you should know that we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with information and mistakes may happen.
You can access or change your personal profile and contact information or delete your account through your Ello personal settings page.
If you choose to delete or deactivate your account, you can no longer retrieve your content or reactivate your account, and we cannot do so for you.
Also, your username may become available for another person to use.
Ello stores its data on servers run by third parties.
We or a third party we work with may keep backups of Ello’s data and code, which may or may not include posts and other information that you put on the Site, even after you have deleted your account.
Therefore, even after you delete your account, your data may remain in backups on our system, although it will be no longer visible or publicly accessible on the Site. Children Under 13 The Site is intended for the general public, but is not meant for children under 13.
We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
Please contact us if you become aware that a child under the age of 13 is using the Site, or has posted personal information about themselves on the Site, and we will work to remove both the information and the child’s Ello account. A Note to Users Outside of the United States You acknowledge and agree that Ello’s servers and operations are in the United States.
As a result, regardless of where you live, your content is transferred to and stored in the United States, and you hereby consent to the transfer, processing, and storage of your content in the United States. Changes to the Ello Privacy Policy Ello may update this policy from time to time.
We will let you know if we make significant changes by sending a notice to the email address connected with your Ello account, or by placing a notice in a prominent place on our web site.
If we make a significant change, the notice we provide will indicate when the change will be effective.
If you do not agree with the upcoming change, please delete your account.
If you continue to use the Site after the stated effective date, you will be deemed to have accepted the change.
You can also always find the most current version of this policy on our web site, as well as older versions Contact Information We welcome your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy.
Please e-mail us at legal@ello.co or contact us at the following address: Ello, 1100 Spruce St., Ste.
#104, Boulder, CO 80302 or phone number: (720)507-3556.
Updated April 25, 2017 – Policies

Community Guidelines
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Reporting
Security
Member Data


Artists
Brands &amp.
Agencies
Support
Resources
Policies
Contact


 Ello Follow us on Ello 
 Twitter Follow us on Twitter 
 Follow us on Tumblr 
 Follow us on Instagram 
 Follow us on Pinterest 
 Follow us on Facebook 
 Follow us on Medium 

   Ello | wtf WTF Search Clear Back to Ello Search Results for “
” Type a search term next to the magnifying glass above to search for something… post_title  More 
 More 
View all topics… Terms of Service  @carlosbob  Terms of Service Even though you may feel that reading the Terms of Use of a service like Ello is a boring waste of time, we highly recommend that you read Ello's Terms of Use (“Terms”).
The Terms are a contract between you and Ello (“us”, “we”), which is applicable when you use our web sites (including www.ello.co), services, mobile applications, products, and content provided by us, globally, in existence now or in the future, forever and ever (“Ello”).
By accessing or using Ello (whether or not you create a registered user account), you agree to be bound to the Terms.
That means that if you don’t agree to these Terms, please don’t use Ello.
Additionally, you must abide by our Rules, which are found here: [link to Rules], and are incorporated into the Terms.
Please read the Rules, which include important rules and guidelines governing the behavior we expect of Ello users, as well as the actions we may take if you do not follow the Rules.
When we use the term “user” in these Terms, we mean any user of Ello, regardless of whether you create a registered user account.
We may update these Terms from time to time.
We will let you know if we make significant changes by sending a notice to the email address connected with your Ello account, or by placing a notice in a prominent place on our web site.
If we make a significant change, the notice we provide will indicate when the change will be effective.
If you do not agree with the upcoming change, please delete your account.
If you continue to use Ello after the stated effective date, you will be deemed to have accepted the change.
To be eligible to use Ello, you must be at least 13 years old, you must be old enough to enter into a contract with us, and you must have a valid email address.
You must create an account to post content on Ello and to access other features offered only to account holders.
We require an email address, password and a username, which may or may not be your real name.
You must provide an email address that is actually yours.
When you sign up for an Ello account, you will also be asked to choose a username and a password.
Usernames are allocated on a first come, first serve basis.
We reserve the right, in its sole discretion, to (a) refuse to issue a particular username, or (b) remove or reclaim any username.  For instance, we may refuse to issue a username or reclaim a username if a third party that owns a trademark complains that a username violates that third party’s intellectual property rights, or if we determine that such user name impersonates someone else, misappropriates a person’s right of publicity, is illegal, or offensive.
Your username is how you will be publicly identified, along with any photo you associate with your account. You Have Choices While we are constantly evolving and we expect new features, functions and settings to be introduced regularly, you can always go to “Settings” to customize your Ello experience.
For instance, you can choose whether your profile is publicly accessible outside of Ello and whether to allow other users to comment on your posts.
If you may have sexually explicit content (e.g., nude photos) posted in your account, please designate your Ello profile as “Not Suitable for Work,” or NSFW. When You Post on Ello We don’t claim ownership over any Content that you post on Ello.
“Content” means any content or creative expression that you’re able to upload or post on Ello, including text, images, files, animations, logos, or comments.
However, when you post or transfer Content to Ello, you give us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, world-wide, perpetual, transferable license to use, store, reproduce, adapt (so we can properly post your Content), distribute and publicly display your Content in order to provide Ello.
You are responsible for the Content you submit to Ello.
You assume all risks associated with it, including accuracy, intellectual property claims, or any other legal rights claims.
You represent and warrant that (i) you either own the Content you post, or that you have all necessary rights to post that Content on Ello, (ii) your Content does not infringe any third party’s rights, and (iii) you can grant the licenses you grant in these Terms.
When you post on Ello, you are agreeing to allow other Ello users (unless you set your Settings to prevent public display) to view, distribute and display your Content.
Consider the Content you post on Ello to be publicly available indefinitely since it may be distributed by other Ello users through social media or otherwise, or be cached on third party search engines, even after your Ello account is terminated.
Be aware that it is extremely difficult to remove content from the Internet that becomes publicly available.
We reserve the right (though we have no obligation) to refuse or remove any Content you post or transfer to Ello for any reason.
You understand that when using Ello, you may be exposed to content from a variety of sources, and that Ello is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of, or relating to, such content.
You may be exposed to content that are inaccurate, offensive, indecent, sexually explicit and other adult oriented content, or objectionable, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you may have against Ello with respect thereto.
If you do not wish to see sexually explicit content, please go to your Settings and choose the NSFW option indicating you do not want to see sexually explicit material.
While we cannot guarantee that you won’t see sexually explicit material if you choose not to, we will try to prevent it from happening.
Unless requested by law enforcement or the government, or as otherwise allowed by our Privacy Policy, we will never sell, distribute or share your Content outside of Ello without your permission.
However, as mentioned above, other Ello users may distribute and share your Content outside of Ello.
At any time, you may delete your Content from Ello, or delete your account in your account “Settings.” Additionally, we reserve the right to terminate or suspend your account at any time, with or without notice.
When your account is terminated, you no longer have the right to access or use Ello.
When you delete Content or your account is terminated, we will use reasonable efforts to remove all of your Content from Ello.
However, there may be a delay between your request and when the Content or account is publicly visible due to technical or operational limitations.
Note that we do retain backups of Content on our servers, and some of your Content may remain on our servers (though not publicly visible) even after you ask to have it deleted.
If you delete your account or Content, it may be permanently unrecoverable.
We may modify our Services at any time, since Ello is a constantly changing and evolving service.
We may delete or modify any part or all of this Service at any time, without notice.
We may add features and functionality from time to time, and we reserve the right to limit use of certain features or functions. User Activity If you haven't uploaded a profile picture or header image within 60 days of creating your account, we may remove your account and allow another user to select your username.
We will send you a warning e-mail before doing so.
Also, if you haven't logged into your account for 365 days, we may delete your account to make room for new users.
Again, we will send you a warning e-mail to let you know that your account is about to be removed, giving you a chance to log in and keep your account.
If you use a robot to post on Ello, or to sign up for multiple accounts, or to follow lots of other users, we may delete your account.
If you follow too many other users we may delete your account if we feel you are not acting like a human being. Property we Own and Restrictions Ello owns all rights to our logo, Ello, and our website, including any intellectual property rights related to them.
You may not reuse, distribute, copy, or duplicate any part of Ello, including the Ello HTML/CSS, JavaScipt, logos, or visual design elements without express written permission from Ello. Content You Post Privacy When you use Ello, you agree to the Ello Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms.
Please read the Privacy Policy because it describes what information and data we collect and how we use it. Paid Services Ello may offer some features or functionality for a fee.
Fees are stated in US dollars, and you’ll be responsible for any applicable sales taxes or other charges arising from the transaction.
Even though you’re paying for a feature or functionality, you don’t own it – you’re purchasing the right to use or access that feature or functionality.
Fees are non-refundable.
Ello may charge fees at any time in its discretion.
We will not collect credit card numbers – instead, we will use a trusted third party credit card or payment processor. No Children Under 13 You need to be 13 years or older to use Ello.
If you’re under 13, please don’t use Ello.
If we learn that you or anyone else is under 13 and is using Ello, we’ll close the child’s account. Security and Responsible Disclosures We do our best to protect our service from security vulnerabilities, and to make Ello better.
You can read about this in our Security Policy. Ello’s Rules Ello has rules that all users must follow.
You can find them here. DMCA Copyright Policy Ello complies with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”).
We will terminate copyright infringers when legally required or appropriate.
If you see your Content on Ello being used without your permission, you can contact Ello’s Designated Agent for receipt of infringement notices here:
Ello, 1100 Spruce Street, Suite 104, Boulder CO 80302, by calling 720.507.3556 or by emailing legal@ello.co.
Your notice must comply with the DMCA.
For your request to be valid under the DMCA, you must provide the following information in writing: (a) An electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
(b) Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed.
(c) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and where it is located on Ello.
(d) Information reasonably sufficient to permit Company to contact you, such as your address, telephone number, and, e-mail address.
(e) A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law.
and (f) A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner. Other Stuff Our Lawyers Made Us Put In You acknowledge and agree that Ello’s servers and operations are in the United States.
As a result, regardless of where you live, your Content is transferred to and stored in the United States, and you hereby consent to the transfer, processing, and storage of your Content in the United States.
Use Restrictions.
The rights granted to you in these terms are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host or otherwise commercially exploit Ello, whether in whole or in part, or any content displayed on Ello, (b) you shall not modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of Ello, (c) you shall not access Ello in order to build a similar or competitive website or service, and (d) except as expressly stated herein, no part of Ello may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form by any means.
No Warranty.
ELLO AND ALL CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
USE OF ELLO IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ELLO IS PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, ELLO, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT WARRANT THAT ELLO OR CONTENT ON ELLO IS ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR CORRECT.
THAT ELLO WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS.
THAT ELLO WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION, UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE.
THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED.
OR THAT ELLO IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
These limitations may not apply if the jurisdiction in which you reside does not allow these exclusions.
You understand that Ello is not responsible or liable for, and you hereby release Ello, to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law from: (a) your interactions or disputes you have with other Ello users, whether those interactions are through Ello or in the real, physical world, (b) your own acts and omissions, and (c) your Content.
If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code § 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor."
Limitation of Liability.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL ELLO, ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS SERVICE.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ELLO ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT.
(II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVICE.
(III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN.
(IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM ELLO.
(V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE THAT MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICE BY ANY THIRD PARTY.
(VI) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH ELLO.
AND/OR (VII) USER SUBMISSIONS OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, ELLO’S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF ELLO (FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION), WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) $100 OR (B) TOTAL FEES PAID BY YOU TO ELLO DURING THE SIX (6) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE TIME SUCH CLAIM AROSE.
Entire Terms.
These terms and the rest of our legal terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of Ello.
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision.
The section titles are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
These terms, and your rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated, or otherwise transferred by you without Ello’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void.
Ello may assign the Terms at any time without restriction.
The terms and conditions set forth in these terms shall be binding upon assignees.
These terms shall be governed by the laws of the state of Colorado without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that may require the application of the law of another jurisdiction.
If you believe that Ello has not adhered to these terms, please contact Ello by e-mail at hello@ello.co.
We will do our best to address your concerns.
If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely, we invite you to let us know for further investigation.
If you and Ello are unable to reach a resolution to the dispute, you and Ello will settle the dispute exclusively under the rules of the American Arbitration Association (www.adr.org) in Boulder, Colorado.
Any election to arbitrate by one party will be final and binding on the other.
You understand that if either party elects to arbitrate, neither party will have the right to sue in court or have a jury trial.
You and Ello agree that any arbitration will be limited to the dispute between Ello and you individually.
You acknowledge and agree that you and Ello are each waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding.
Further, unless both you and Ello otherwise agree, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding.

Copyright &amp.
Trademark Information

Copyright © 2016, Ello.
All rights reserved.
All trademarks, logos and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on the site and Service are our property or the property of other third parties.
You are not permitted to use these Marks.
Updated April 26, 2017 – Policies

Community Guidelines
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Reporting
Security
Member Data


Artists
Brands &amp.
Agencies
Support
Resources
Policies
Contact


 Ello Follow us on Ello 
 Twitter Follow us on Twitter 
 Follow us on Tumblr 
 Follow us on Instagram 
 Follow us on Pinterest 
 Follow us on Facebook 
 Follow us on Medium 

 