 &lt;iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MP67N8C"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt.
Evernote uses cookies to enable the Evernote service and to improve your experience with us.
To learn more, check out our&nbsp;cookie policy.
By clicking OK or continuing to use our site, you agree that we can place these cookies.
OK Evernote 


 Plans Basic Take great notes Premium Unclutter your life Business Bring your team together Compare Plans Find the Evernote solution that fits your needs

 Features Sync and Organize Keep your notes handy Web Clipper A save button for the web Templates Make better notes, faster PDF &amp.
Doc Search Find information anywhere Spaces Bring your team together Search Handwriting Find text in any note Document Scanning Go paperless with Evernote Integrations Connect your favorite apps

Help &amp.
Learning
 About Us About Us Learn about the company Careers Opportunities at Evernote Why Evernote Save, sync and share it all  Contact Us Need help? Get in touch



Download 
or
 Log in 
 Evernote Download or Log in 
 Plans 
 Basic 
 Premium 
 Business 
 Compare Plans 


 Features 
 Sync and Organize 
 Web Clipper 
 Templates 
 PDF &amp.
Doc Search 
 Spaces 
 Search Handwriting 
 Document Scanning 
 Integrations 


 Help &amp.
Learning 
 About Us 
 About Us 
 Why Evernote 
 Careers 
 Contact Us 


 Evernote Data Usage 
 Privacy Overview 
 Privacy Policy 
 GDPR 
 Cookie Information 
 Data Usage 
 Transparency Report 
 Third Party Applications 
 Vendors 
 Job Applicants 
 Updates 
 Legal Home 


Effective date: August 28, 2017 —&nbsp;What’s new »

In order to function properly, Evernote needs access to several different software components and services on your device, some of which contain your personal information.
This page describes information our applications collect from your device, and how we use that information.&nbsp;
Defined terms on this page have the same meanings as defined in our Privacy Policy.
When you install, modify, or use an Evernote application, you may see permission requests or alerts regarding the device capabilities the application could potentially use.
For example, on some versions of Android you will see a long, generic, technical list of device capabilities upon installation of the app, while on other versions of Android and iOS you will see device permission requests pop up as they are used in the app.
Rather than list such permissions exhaustively, this page describes how each Evernote application uses key device features that may access or use your personal information.
Many of these capabilities may be turned on or off through your device settings or your Evernote account settings.

All Evernote Applications
Evernote
Skitch
Scannable
Penultimate
Evernote Web Clipper
Evernote Clearly

All Evernote Applications


Hardware Identity: Evernote stores your device's unique hardware identifiers (IMEI, SIM number, or other identifier) and description on our servers in order to:

allow you to review and revoke devices from your account settings
enable promotional account upgrades
calculate anonymous aggregate statistics on the number of unique devices accessing the Evernote service


Camera and Microphone: Evernote uses your device's camera and microphone when you choose to capture images, audio, or video into a note.

Gmail Accounts: When you connect your Evernote account with your Gmail account, we may access your full name and profile photo from that service in order to display your name and photo to users with whom you share information.
You can change these in your Evernote account settings.
Evernote may also access your contact information to auto-complete email addresses when you share content.

Evernote for Android


Calendar: Evernote uses your calendar information to automatically suggest note titles.

Contacts: Evernote uses your contacts to auto-complete email addresses when you share Content.
Evernote may also display photos of your Evernote contacts (from their Evernote profiles) when they are viewing shared items.

Location: Evernote attaches your location information to new notes and uses your location information to suggest note titles.

Photos: Evernote accesses your photos when you add a photo to a note via camera capture or on-device photos.

Evernote for iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch


Contacts: Evernote uses your contacts to auto-complete email addresses when you share Content.
Evernote may also display photos of your Evernote contacts (from their Evernote profiles) when they are viewing shared items.

Location: Evernote attaches your location information to new notes and to recommend notes in search and on Apple Watch based on current location and prior note access location.

Photos: Evernote accesses your photos when you add a photo to a note via camera capture or on-device photos.

Evernote for Mac


Contacts: Evernote uses your contacts to auto-complete email addresses when you share Content.
Evernote may also display photos of your Evernote contacts (from their Evernote profiles) when they are viewing shared items.

Location: Evernote attaches your location information to new notes and uses your location information to suggest note titles.

Evernote for Windows


Contacts: Evernote uses your contacts to auto-complete email addresses when you share Content.
Evernote may also display photos of your Evernote contacts (from their Evernote profiles) when they are viewing shared items.

Skitch for Android


Contacts: Skitch uses your contacts to auto-complete email addresses when you share a Skitch image.

Location: Skitch uses your location as a canvas when you use ‘Map’ mode.

Photos: Skitch accesses your photos when you use ‘Photos’ mode.

Skitch for iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch


Calendar: Skitch uses your calendar information to auto-complete email addresses of meeting attendees.

Contacts: Skitch uses your contacts to auto-complete email addresses when you share a Skitch image.

Location: Skitch uses your location as a canvas when you use ‘Map’ mode.

Photos: Skitch accesses your photos when you use ‘Photos’ mode.

Skitch for Mac


Contacts: Skitch uses your contacts to auto-complete email addresses when you share a Skitch image.

Skitch for Windows

Skitch does not access any additional personal information.

Skitch Touch for Windows

Skitch Touch does not access any additional personal information.

Scannable


Calendar: Scannable uses your calendar information to auto-complete email addresses of meeting attendees.

Contacts: Scannable accesses your contacts to save scanned business cards.

Location: Scannable attaches your location information to new notes when saved to Evernote.

Penultimate


Photos: Penultimate accesses your photos when you add a photo to a note or create a custom paper style via camera capture or on-device photos.

Evernote Web Clipper

Evernote Web Clipper does not access any additional personal information.

Evernote Clearly

Evernote Clearly does not access any additional personal information.







In the event of a conflict, the English&nbsp;language version shall govern.&nbsp;
Product

Why Evernote
Evernote Basic
Evernote Premium
Evernote Business
Compare Plans
Student Discount
Download App

Features

Web Clipper
Templates
Spaces
Integrations
Notes Sync
PDF &amp.
Doc Search
Search Handwriting
Document Scanning
Notebooks &amp.
Tags

Community

Our Community
Certified Consultants
Beta Program
Developers
Events
Forum

Support

Help &amp.
Learning
Troubleshooting
Blog

Company

About Us
Careers
Contact Us
 Sign up or Log in Choose a language: English (US) 
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Dansk
Deutsch
English (US)
Español
Español (América Latina)
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Polski
Português (Brasil)


Português (Portugal)
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Русский
العربية
ภาษาไทย
한국어
中文（简体）
中文（繁體）
日本語


 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Medium 
 Instagram 
 YouTube 
 Linkedin 

© 2020 Evernote Corporation.
All rights reserved.

Security
Legal
Privacy
   
Effective Date: August 28, 2017 - What’s new »

Welcome to Evernote! We invite you to access our websites and use the Evernote service, but please note that your invitation is subject to your agreement with these Terms of Service.
This document describes in detail your rights and our rights relating to the provision of the Service (as defined below), so please review these Terms carefully.
What Are the Terms of Service?
The Terms of Service constitutes a contract between Evernote and you.
The Terms include the provisions set forth in this document and in the Evernote Privacy Policy, Commercial Terms, Evernote Busines­­s Agreement, User Guidelines, IP Compliance Program and other terms or conditions that may be presented by us and accepted by you from time to time in connection with specific Service offerings (all of which we collectively refer to as the “Terms of Service” or “Terms”).
If you do not agree to these Terms, you do not have the right to access or use our Service.
If you do register for or otherwise use our Service you shall be deemed to confirm your acceptance of the Terms and your agreement to be a party to this binding contract. 
By using the Service, you acknowledge, accept and agree with all provisions of the Privacy Policy, including, without limitation, the use and treatment of the text, images, and other data you choose to input, upload, or store in Evernote (collectively, “Content”) and your personal information in accordance with such Privacy Policy.
What Is the Evernote Service?
The Evernote Software (as defined below), the Evernote service, and other products, services and websites hosted or made available by Evernote, including, for example our App Center, User Forum, and Help &amp.
Learning pages are collectively referred to in these Terms as the “Service”.
In exchange for being enabled to use the Service, you agree to abide by these Terms.
If This Is a Contract, Who Are the Parties?
You, the Account Holder, are one party to this contract.
(An Account Holder is the person or entity who has contracted with Evernote as either an individual Basic, Plus, or Premium user or as a Customer as defined in our Evernote Business Agreement.) 
If you reside in the United States or Canada, then the other party to this contract is Evernote Corporation, a corporation headquartered in California.
If you reside in Brazil, then the other party to this contract is Evernote do Brasil Serviços de Aplicações Ltda., a company headquartered in the city of São Paulo, State of Sao Paolo, Brazil (“Evernote Brasil”).
If you reside outside of the United States, Canada and Brazil, then the other party to this contract is Evernote GmbH, a company headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland.
(Evernote Corporation, Evernote GmbH and Evernote Brasil, as applicable, may be referred to in these Terms of Service as “Evernote,” “we” and sometimes “us”).
On some occasions, you may be purchasing products or service subscriptions from an authorized reseller.
Please review our Commercial Terms for information about additional contract terms relating to such purchases.
Is This the Only Contract I Have with Evernote?
It depends upon how you interact with the Evernote service and our software applications.
If you install any Evernote Software on your computing devices, you may be asked to agree to an end user license agreement.
If you pay for an Evernote subscription, you will be asked to agree to the Commercial Terms.
If you use related Evernote products or services (such as Evernote Business) or participate in our User Forum, you may also need to enter into a separate agreement with us (usually by clicking “accept” or “agree”).
We refer to each of these as a “Separate Agreement.” If that happens, the Separate Agreement shall take precedence if there is a conflict between those terms and this Terms of Service document, to the extent of such conflict and with respect to the particular subject matter of that Separate Agreement.
Will These Terms of Service Ever Change?
These Terms may be amended as new features, technology, or legal requirements arise, so please check back from time to time.
If we make a significant change, we’ll notify you and, where required, seek your consent.
If we do update these Terms, you are free to decide whether to accept the updated terms or to stop using our Service (see “How is My Account Closed” below).
your continued use of the Service after the effectiveness of that update will be deemed to represent your agreement with, and consent to be bound by, the new Terms.
Except for changes made by us as described here, no other amendment or modification of these Terms shall be effective unless set forth in a written agreement expressly amending these Terms and bearing a written signature by you and us.
For clarity, email or other communications will not constitute an effective written agreement for this purpose.
What Do I Have to do to Use the Evernote Service?
First, you need to create an Evernote service account.
You create an account by providing us with an email address and creating a password.
(Some older accounts also required a username.) We refer to this as your “Basic Subscriber Information”.
We encourage you to use a distinct and non-obvious password that is different from passwords you use for any other service.
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy, completeness and confidentiality of your Basic Subscriber Information, and you will be responsible for all activities that occur under your account, including activities of others to whom you have provided your Basic Subscriber  Information.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to provide us with accurate information or to keep your Basic Subscriber Information secure.
If you discover any unauthorized use of your Basic Subscriber Information or suspect that anyone may be able to access your private Content without authorization, you should immediately change your password and notify our Customer Support team.
Second, you will need to access your account through a web browser or by installing our client software on your computers, tablets and phones.
Obtaining those devices and paying for their connectivity and data plans is your responsibility.
Evernote also has no responsibility for the availability of the Internet and other telecommunication services necessary to access the Service.
Can I Share My Account with Someone Else?
Evernote service accounts should not be shared.
If you share your Basic Subscriber Information with anyone, that other person may be able to take control of the account, and we may not be able to determine who is the proper Account Holder.
We will not have any liability to you (or anyone you share your Basic Subscriber Information with) as a result of your or their actions under those circumstances.
Since you may use a free Evernote service account, and since we provide a number of mechanisms to allow you to share your account Content with others, we strongly urge you not to share your information with anyone, unless you are doing so as part of your estate planning purposes, as discussed below.
Once I Have an Account, What Are My Rights in the Evernote Service?
Once your account is created and you accept these Terms, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive license to use the Service subject to these Terms, for so long as you are not barred from receiving the Service under the laws applicable to you, until you close your account voluntarily or until we close your account pursuant to these Terms.
In addition, we grant you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the Evernote Software provided to you by or on behalf of Evernote, for the sole purpose of enabling you to use the Evernote Software and enjoy the benefit of the Service, subject to any applicable license terms provided with the Evernote Software and these Terms, until your rights are terminated in accordance with such license and/or these Terms.
You do not obtain any other right or interest in Evernote or the Service.
Evernote’s Data Protection Laws Say My Data Is Mine – What Does That Mean?
You retain copyright and any other rights you already held in your Content before you submitted, posted or displayed it on or through the Service.
But you do have to grant Evernote a limited license, as described below, so we can make your data accessible and usable on the Service.
Other than this limited license and other rights you grant in these Terms, Evernote acknowledges and agrees that we do not obtain any right, title or interest from you under these Terms in any of your Content.
What Is the License I Have to Grant to Evernote?
In order to enable Evernote to operate the Service, we must obtain from you certain limited license rights to process your Content that is covered by intellectual property rights so that technical actions we take in operating the Service are not considered legal violations.
For example, copyright laws could prevent us from processing, maintaining, storing, backing-up and distributing certain Content, unless you give us these rights.
Accordingly, by using the Service and uploading Content, you are granting Evernote a license to display, perform and distribute your Content and to modify (for technical purposes, e.g., making sure content is viewable on smartphones as well as computers and other devices) and reproduce such Content to enable Evernote to operate the Service.
You also agree that Evernote has the right to elect not to accept, post, store, display, publish or transmit any Content in our sole discretion. 
You agree that these rights and licenses are royalty free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide and irrevocable (for so long as your Content is stored with us), and include a right for Evernote to make such Content available to, and pass these rights along to, others with whom Evernote has contractual relationships related to the provision of the Service, solely for the purpose of providing such services, and to otherwise permit access to or disclose your Content to third parties if Evernote determines such access is necessary to comply with its legal obligations.
If you elect to use any third party service or application that is integrated with Evernote, you also agree that the licenses granted to Evernote in the preceding paragraph shall apply to Content that is submitted or uploaded through such third party service or application.
If the third party service or application you elect to use would access or extract Content, you grant Evernote the right and license to enable third party access to and extraction of your Content.
Evernote does not assume any responsibility for, or liability on account of, the actions or omissions of such third party applications or service providers.
As we rely upon your rights to upload and distribute your Content, you represent and warrant to Evernote that (1) you have the unfettered legal rights and authority to submit your Content to Evernote, to make any other use, publication or other distribution of that Content in your use of the Service, and to grant the rights granted to Evernote under these Terms.
and (2) your Content complies with our User Guidelines and these Terms.
Finally, you understand and agree that Evernote, in performing the required technical steps to provide the Service to our users, may make such changes to your Content as are necessary to conform and adapt that Content to the technical requirements of connecting networks, devices, services or media. 
What Other Assurances Do I Have to Grant to Evernote?
When you use the Evernote service to send messages to an email address, to a telephone number via SMS, or through a social media account (e.g., Facebook or LinkedIn) that has not been linked to an Evernote account, Evernote sends such messages on your behalf, and we are relying on your representation to us that you have a direct relationship with the recipient(s) and that you are respecting the legal rights of the recipient(s) not to receive certain kinds of messages (such as harassing messages, unsolicited commercial messages, and unwanted SMS messages).
Whenever you send any kind of message to a third party you represent and warrant to Evernote that you are acting within the law and that you have prior consent from the recipient to send them such a message.
Are There Rules about What I Can Do on the Evernote Service?
Yes.
Your use of the Service must be in accordance with these Terms.
When it comes to your use of the Service, you agree that you are responsible for your own conduct and all conduct under your account.
This means all Content created, transmitted, stored or displayed in your account, is your sole responsibility as the person who created the Content or introduced it into the Service.
This applies whether the Content is kept private, shared or transmitted using the Service or any third-party application or services integrated with the Evernote service.
Our User Guidelines provide more specific details regarding prohibited conduct on the Service.
If we find that any shared Content in your account violates our Terms of Service (including by violating another person’s intellectual property or privacy rights), we reserve the right to un-share or take down such content.
I’m Guessing Evernote Has Some Rights Relating to the Service?
We do.
They’re described here:
CONTENT RIGHTS.
While you own the Content you store within the Evernote service (subject to third party rights), you acknowledge and agree that Evernote (and our licensors) own(s) all legal right, title and interest in and to the Service, including, without limitation, all software that is part of the Service and all Evernote software deployed by you or a third party to enable capturing of Content originating outside the Service, such as Evernote Scannable, Evernote Web Clipper, the Site Memory widget or any of the Evernote software applications for compatible computing devices that enable access and use of the Service through such device (the “Evernote Software”).
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
In agreeing to these Terms, you also agree that the rights in the Service and Evernote Software, including all intellectual property rights, such as trademarks, patents, designs and copyrights, are protected by one or more of copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other laws, regulations and treaties, in addition to these Terms and any Separate Agreement.
In particular, you agree to not modify, create derivative works of, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract source code from any Evernote Software, unless you are expressly permitted to do so under an open source license, we give you express written permission or you are otherwise legally permitted to do so notwithstanding this prohibition. 
RIGHT TO MODIFY THE SERVICE.
We retain the right, in our sole discretion, to implement new elements as part of and/or ancillary to the Service, including changes that may affect the previous mode of operation of the Service or Evernote Software.
We expect that any such modifications will enhance the overall Service, but it is possible that you may not agree with us.
We also reserve the right to establish limits to the nature or size of storage available to you, the number of transmissions, the ability to send or receive email messages, the nature or size of any index or library information, the nature of, or your continued ability to access or distribute, your Content and other data, and impose other limitations at any time, with or without notice.
For example, if you use Evernote Basic, you will not enjoy all of the benefits provided to subscribers of Evernote Plus, Evernote Premium or Evernote Business.
You also acknowledge that a variety of Evernote actions may impair or prevent you from accessing your Content or using the Service at certain times and/or in the same way, for limited periods or permanently, and agree that Evernote has no responsibility or liability as a result of any such actions or results, including, without limitation, for the deletion of, or failure to make available to you, any Content.
You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of any part of the Service.
However, if you are a subscriber for Evernote Plus, Evernote Premium, Evernote Business or another paid version of the Service (each a “Paid Service”) and find that any such modifications or interruption of the Paid Service adversely affects you, you may notify our Customer Support team, explain the adverse impact the modification has created and, if you desire, request a termination of your Paid Service.
Upon receipt of any such request, we will endeavor to promptly remedy the adverse impact caused by the modification, extend the duration of your Paid Service subscription for a period of time equal to the interruption and/or refund a portion of your Paid Service subscription fee equal to the remaining unused term of the Paid Service subscription, as we determine appropriate or as may be required by applicable law.
RIGHT TO ENGAGE THIRD PARTIES.
Evernote engages certain affiliates or other third parties (“Service Providers”) to provide technical or other services relating to all or part of the Service, and you hereby agree that such involvement by these Service Providers is acceptable.
In addition, Evernote may contract with third party resellers of the Evernote Plus, Premium or Business versions of the Service and payment processors to enable payments in your local currency and payment systems.
Please see our Privacy Policy to understand the extent to which any affiliate or third party may have access to your account information or Content and our Commercial Terms to understand our relationship with any reseller or payment processor. 
RIGHT TO USE THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE.
Evernote may from time to time include as part of the Service and Evernote Software computer software supplied by third parties which is utilized by permission of the respective licensors and/or copyright holders on the terms provided by such parties.
We provide information about some of this third party software here and within the particular Evernote Software.
Evernote expressly disclaims any warranty or other assurance to you regarding such third party software. 
RIGHT TO UPDATE OUR SOFTWARE.
In connection with any modification of the Service, Evernote may automatically download software updates on your computers and devices from time to time with the intention of improving, enhancing, repairing and/or further developing the Service.
Evernote will endeavor to provide you with the option of whether or not to install the update.
however, in certain circumstances (e.g., security risks), Evernote may require you to install the update to continue accessing the Service.
In all cases, you agree to permit Evernote to deliver these updates to you (and you to receive them) as part of your use of the Service.
Do These Terms Apply to Evernote Business Users?
If you are using the Service as part of an Evernote Business account, your use of the Service is governed by these Terms, except to the extent the Separate Agreement governing the Evernote Business account provides conflicting terms.
The Customer who has contracted with Evernote and the Administrator of the Evernote Business account (as “Customer” and “Administrator” are defined in the applicable Evernote Business Agreement) have the responsibility to and agree to share the terms of such Separate Agreement with each individual whose user account is linked to that Evernote Business account (“End User”).
If you are an End User of an Evernote Business account, please note that the Customer of your Evernote Business account (such as your employer or organization) may have established its own rules regarding End Users’ access, use, disclosure, or retention of data stored in that account.
You can find more information on how your personal Evernote service account works with your Evernote Business account in our Privacy Policy and in this Help and Learning article.
How Does Evernote Respond to Copyright or Other Intellectual Property Violations?
We respond to clear and complete notices of alleged infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property laws that satisfy the requirements in these Terms (which we believe to comply with the United States Digital Millennium Copyright and other applicable laws).
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been violated, please notify our Compliance team according to the instructions provided by our IP Rights Compliance Program and we will investigate.
Note that each owner of intellectual property is responsible for protecting their rights and taking any legal or other action they determine to be appropriate to do so, and Evernote does not accept any obligation to take any particular action to enforce or protect any party’s intellectual property rights on their behalf.
Can Kids Use Evernote?
Evernote is not directed to minors, and any use by minors should only be done with the guidance, supervision and consent of their parents, guardians and/or authorized school officials.
Further, we rely on parents and guardians to ensure minors only use the Service if they can understand their rights and responsibilities as stated in these Terms and our Privacy Policy. 
Consistent with applicable law, Evernote does not knowingly collect personal information from minors without parental consent.
If we learn that we have inadvertently obtained information in violation of applicable laws prohibiting collection of information from children without such consent, we will promptly delete it. 
Where Does My Data Go?
The Service is available worldwide, but your data is stored in the United States, as described in our Privacy Policy.
If you use the Service, you acknowledge that you may be sending electronic communications (including your Basic Subscriber Information and Content), through computer networks owned by Evernote, its Service Providers, and other third parties located in California and other locations in the United States and other countries.
As a result, your use of the Service will likely result in interstate and possibly international data transmissions, and your use of the Service shall constitute your consent to permit such transmissions.
How is My Account Closed?
You may deactivate your account with our Service at any time, for any reason (or no reason).
However, if you want to deactivate your account you need to take certain specific steps, which are described in our Help &amp.
Learning article entitled “How do I deactivate my account?”.
If you subscribe to a Paid Service, you will need to cancel your subscription pursuant to our Commercial Terms. 
Evernote may act to temporarily limit your use of the Service, suspend access to your account, or close your account, with or without notice according to these Terms.
Reasons for Evernote suspending or closing your account may include, without limitation: (i) breach or violation of these Terms (including the User Guidelines) or any Separate Agreement, (ii) an extended period of inactivity (determined in Evernote’s sole discretion), (iii) your nonpayment of any fees or other sums due Evernote or any other party related to your use of the Service, (iv) the discontinuance or material modification of the Service (or any part thereof) or (v) unexpected technical or security issues or problems or extensive Unsupported Use.
In most cases, in the event we elect to close your account, we will provide at least 30 days advance notice to you at the email address you have provided to us, so you have a chance to retrieve any Content stored on the Service servers (unless we determine that we are legally prohibited from providing such notice or enabling you to do so).
After the expiration of this notice period, you will no longer be able to retrieve Content contained in that account or otherwise use the Service through that account.
What Happens to My Account when I Die?
Evernote’s pledge to protect the privacy of your Content will continue, even after your death or incapacity.
If you wish to enable someone to have access to your Content or other data in your account after you are no longer able to provide them access, you need to implement a process for providing your information to them.
We will not provide your information, or your Content, to anyone, even next of kin, unless we determine that we are legally obligated to do so.
We encourage you to include your Basic Subscriber information, with instructions on how to access your Content, in your will or other estate plans, so that anyone you wish to have access to your account will have the means to do so.
Please see our Commercial Terms for information on terminating payment for Paid Services upon death or incapacity. 
If I Have a Great Idea to Share with Evernote, What Are My Rights?
When you submit any ideas, suggestions, documents and/or proposals relating to the Service (or other products or services) to Evernote through the “Contact Us,” User Forum or Support interfaces or through any other channel or mechanism (collectively, “Contributions”), you acknowledge and agree that: (i) your Contributions do not contain confidential or proprietary information.
(ii) Evernote is not under any obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Contributions.
(iii) Evernote shall be entitled to use or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) such Contributions for any purpose, in any way.
(iv) Evernote may have something similar to the Contributions already under consideration or in development.
(v) your Contributions automatically become the property of Evernote without any obligation of Evernote to you.
and (vi) you are not entitled to any accounting, compensation or reimbursement of any kind from Evernote under any circumstances.
Does Evernote Serve Ads?
Our business model is to make the Service so valuable that our users will want to subscribe to a Paid Service.
However, we may display advertisements and promotions on or in connection with the Service, some of which may be paid for by third parties.
For more information, please see our Privacy Policy and Cookie Information page. 
Some advertising or other messaging content we provide will be based upon information provided by third parties, and we shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred by you as a result of any advertisements or other messages.
Furthermore, your interactions with advertisers found on or through the Service, including, without limitation, all reliance upon advertising, all commercial transactions and legal obligations associated therewith, are solely between you and such advertisers.
What Else Do I Need to Know?
THIRD-PARTY LINKS, CONTENT AND PROGRAMMING.
We may include or recommend third party resources, materials and developers and/or links to third party websites, content and applications as part of, or in connection with, the Service.
We may have little or no control over such sites or developers and, accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that (i) we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites, content or applications.
(ii) we are not responsible or liable for any content or other materials or performance available from such sites or applications and (iii) we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, materials or applications. 
INDEMNITY.
You agree to indemnify and hold Evernote, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, advertisers, Service Providers and other partners harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses and expenses (including legal and other professional fees) arising from or in any way related to any third party claims relating to your use of any of the Service, any violation of these Terms of Service or any other actions connected with your use of the Service (including all actions taken under your account).
In the event of such claim, we will endeavor to provide notice of the claim, suit or action to the contact information we have for the account, provided that any failure to deliver such notice to you shall not eliminate or reduce your indemnification obligation hereunder.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Service Is Available “As Is.” YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT: 

YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND THE PURCHASE AND USE OF ANY SERVICES ARE ALL AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EVERNOTE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
EVERNOTE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET ALL OF YOUR REQUIREMENTS.
(ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE.
OR (iii) ALL ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED.
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER OR OTHER DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING FROM THE DOWNLOAD OR USE OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM EVERNOTE OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE.

YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT EVERNOTE, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, SERVICE PROVIDERS, AND LICENSORS, AND OUR AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND SUCCESSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, COVER OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF EVERNOTE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE OR TO USE PROMOTIONAL CODES OR EVERNOTE POINTS.
(ii) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICE PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE.
(iii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR THE LOSS, CORRUPTION OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS, CONTENT OR DATA.
(iv) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON OR USING THE SERVICE, OR PROVIDING ANY SERVICES RELATED TO THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICE.
(v) EVERNOTE’S ACTIONS OR OMISSIONS IN RELIANCE UPON YOUR BASIC SUBSCRIBER INFORMATION AND ANY CHANGES THERETO OR NOTICES RECEIVED THEREFROM.
(vi) YOUR FAILURE TO PROTECT THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF ANY PASSWORDS OR ACCESS RIGHTS TO YOUR ACCOUNT.
(vii) THE ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY USING OR INTEGRATING WITH THE SERVICE.
(viii) ANY ADVERTISING CONTENT OR YOUR PURCHASE OR USE OF ANY ADVERTISED OR OTHER THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE.
(ix) THE TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE.
OR (x) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.

EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS.

NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE (INCLUDING THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY PROVISIONS) IS INTENDED TO EXCLUDE OR LIMIT ANY CONDITION, WARRANTY, RIGHT OR LIABILITY WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR LIMITED.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY WILLFUL ACTS, NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR BREACH OF IMPLIED TERMS, OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
ACCORDINGLY, ONLY THOSE LIABILITY AND OTHER LIMITATIONS WHICH ARE LAWFUL IN YOUR JURISDICTION (IF ANY) WILL APPLY TO YOU AND OUR LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
If Evernote Has to Send Me Notice of Something, How Will That Happen?
This is another reason why it’s important for you to make sure your Basic Subscriber Information is accurate, complete and up to date.
We may provide you with notices by email (to the email address associated with your account), regular mail or postings on the website(s) related to the affected Service.
How Can I Send a Notice to Evernote?
Except where these Terms or any Separate Agreement specifically provide for use of a different means or address for notice, any notice to Evernote must be delivered by email to compliance@evernote.com.
This email address may be updated as part of any update to these Terms of Service.
If you are unable to deliver notice via email, you may send a notice to us at the following address (as applicable to your Service provider): 
Evernote Corporation305 Walnut StreetRedwood City, California 94063 USAAttention: Legal Notice
 Evernote GmbHWalchestrasse 98006 Zurich, SwitzerlandAttention: Legal Notice
 Evernote Do Brasil Serviços DeAplicações LtdaFederal Taxpayer Registration CNPJ/MF no 17.566.240/0001-50Avenida Paulista, no 2.300Andar PilotisEdifício São Luiz GonzagaCEP: 01310-300, São Paulo/SPAttention: Legal Notice
Are There Countries Where I’m Not Allowed to Use Evernote?
You may not use or otherwise export the Service or any Evernote Software except as authorized by United States (“U.S.”) law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Service is hosted or where you use the Service.
In particular, but without limitation, the Evernote Software may not be (i) exported or re-exported into any countries that are subject to U.S.
economic sanctions or (ii) provided to or used by anyone on the U.S.
Department of the Treasury's lists of Foreign Sanctions Evaders or Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S.
Department of Commerce Denied Persons, Unverified, or Entity lists.
By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list, and shall not use the Service, or provide access to or use of the Service to anyone, in any such country.
In addition, you are responsible for compliance with applicable export control, economic sanctions and related laws when you travel across international borders and access your Content.
What Law Applies to My Use of Evernote?
If you are a resident of the United States or Canada, these Terms and the relationship between you and Evernote (including any dispute) shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of California, United States of America, as they apply to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within California between California residents, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. 
If you reside in Brazil, these Terms and the relationship between you and Evernote (including any dispute) shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Brazil and shall be considered to have been made and accepted in Brazil, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
If you reside outside of the United States, Canada, and Brazil, these Terms and the relationship between you and Evernote (including any dispute) shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Switzerland and shall be considered to have been made and accepted in Switzerland, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
If any provision of these Terms of Service is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms of Service remain in full force and effect.
What Do I Do If I Think I Have a Claim Against Evernote?
LET US KNOW ABOUT YOUR COMPLAINT.
We want to know if you have a problem so we encourage you to contact our Customer Support team if you have any concerns with respect to the operation of the Service or any Evernote Software, as we want to ensure that you have an excellent experience. 
INITIATING A FORMAL CLAIM.
If you conclude that we have not satisfied your concern and that you must pursue legal action, you agree that your claim must be resolved by the processes set forth in these Terms.
Evernote provides the Service to you on the condition that you accept the dispute resolution provisions described below, so if you initiate any claim against Evernote in any other manner, you shall be in violation of these Terms and you agree that Evernote shall be entitled to have such action dismissed or otherwise terminated and you agree to reimburse Evernote for its reasonable costs incurred in defending against such improperly initiated claim.
You agree that prior to initiating any formal proceedings against Evernote, you will send us a notice to our attorneys at legalnotice@evernote.com and state that you are providing a “Notice of Dispute.” Upon receipt of a Notice of Dispute, you and we shall attempt to resolve the dispute through informal negotiation within sixty (60) days from the date the Notice of Dispute is sent.
If the dispute remains unresolved, either you or we may initiate formal proceedings according to these Terms. 
Except where our dispute is being resolved pursuant to an arbitration (as provided below), if you are a resident of the United States or Canada, you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Evernote must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in San Mateo County, California.
You agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within San Mateo County, California (and, for the avoidance of doubt, to exclude the jurisdiction of any other court) for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.
Except where our dispute is being resolved pursuant to an arbitration (as provided below), if you reside in Brazil, you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Evernote must be resolved exclusively by the courts in São Paolo-SP, Brasil.
You agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within São Paolo-SP, Brasil (and, for the avoidance of doubt, to exclude the jurisdiction of any other court) for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes. 
Except where our dispute is being resolved pursuant to an arbitration (as provided below), if you are not a resident of the United States, Canada, or Brazil, you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Evernote must be resolved exclusively by the courts in Zurich, Switzerland.
You agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Zurich, Switzerland (and, for the avoidance of doubt, to exclude the jurisdiction of any other court) for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.
ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCESS.
Unless you are subject to the Arbitration Agreement set out below, and subject to any applicable laws, if a claim arises between you and Evernote where the total value of such claim is less than US$10,000, the party initiating the claim may elect to have the dispute resolved pursuant to a binding arbitration process that does not require attendance in person.
This “Alternative Dispute Resolution Process” shall be initiated by either party sending notice to the other, in which event you and Evernote agree to use our reasonable efforts to agree within thirty (30) days upon an individual or service to manage the Alternative Dispute Resolution Process (the “Arbitration Manager”) according to the following requirements: (i) neither party shall be required to attend any proceeding in person, (ii) the proceeding will be conducted via written submissions, telephone or online communications or as otherwise agreed upon, (iii) the fees for the Arbitration Manager will be borne equally by the parties or be submitted to the Arbitration Manager to determine as part of the dispute and (iv) the judgment rendered by the Arbitration Manager may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction for enforcement. 
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU), please note that we offer this Alternative Dispute Resolution Process, but we cannot offer you the European Commission Dispute Platform as we do not have an establishment in the EU.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT.
If you reside in the United States or are otherwise subject to the US Federal Arbitration Act, you and Evernote agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between us - except any dispute relating to the enforcement or validity of your, our or either of our licensors’ intellectual property rights - shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court, if your claims qualify.
The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement.
(Note that if you were a Service user prior to December 4, 2012 and formally elected to opt out of the Arbitration Agreement pursuant to the procedures set out in our Terms of Service that were effective as of December 4, 2012, you are not subject to this Arbitration Agreement.)
Our arbitration proceedings would be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures applicable at that time, including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (to the extent applicable), as modified by our Arbitration Agreement.
You may review those rules and procedures, and obtain a form for initiating arbitration proceedings at the AAA's website.
The arbitration shall be held in the county in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location.
If the value of the relief sought is US$10,000 or less, either of us may elect to have the arbitration conducted by telephone or based solely on written submissions, which election shall be binding on us subject to the arbitrator's discretion to require an in-person hearing.
Attendance at an in-person hearing may be made by telephone by you and/or us, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise.
The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with the laws of the State of California, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law.
The arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving different Evernote users, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same user to the extent required by applicable law.
The arbitrator's award shall be final and binding and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court possessing jurisdiction over the parties, except for a limited right of appeal under the Federal Arbitration Act.
The AAA rules will govern the payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees, unless our Arbitration Agreement expressly provides otherwise.
If the amount of any claim in an arbitration is US$10,000 or less, Evernote will pay all filing, administration and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration, so long as (i) you make a written request for such payment of fees and submit it to the AAA with your Demand for Arbitration and (ii) your claim is not determined by the arbitrator to be frivolous.
In such case, we will make arrangements to pay all necessary fees directly to the AAA.
If the amount of the claim exceeds US$10,000 and you are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, Evernote will pay as much of the filing, administration and arbitrator fees as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive.
If the arbitrator determines the claim(s) you assert in the arbitration are frivolous, you agree to reimburse Evernote for all fees associated with the arbitration paid by Evernote on your behalf, which you otherwise would be obligated to pay under the AAA's rules.
YOU AND EVERNOTE AGREE, AS PART OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, THAT EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS PART OF ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
WE REFER TO THIS AS THE “PROHIBITION OF CLASS AND REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS.” UNLESS BOTH YOU AND WE AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN YOUR OR OUR CLAIM WITH ANOTHER PERSON'S OR PARTY'S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS PROCEEDING.
THE ARBITRATOR MAY ONLY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY'S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S).
ANY RELIEF AWARDED CANNOT AFFECT OTHER EVERNOTE USERS.
Except with respect to the Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions, if a court decides that any part of this Arbitration Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to apply.
If a court decides that the Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions is invalid or unenforceable, then this entire Arbitration Agreement shall be null and void.
The remainder of these Terms and this Section (What Do I Do if I think I Have A Claim Against Evernote?) will continue to apply.
CLAIMS ARE TIME-BARRED.
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary or the applicable dispute resolution process, any claim or cause of action you may have arising out of or related to use of the Service or otherwise under these must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or you hereby agree to be forever barred from bringing such claim.
The provisions of this section, entitled “Claims Are Time-Barred” shall be deemed to constitute a separate written legally binding agreement by and between you and us.
SPECIAL NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA USERS.
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, users of the Service from California are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
You may contact us via email at legalnotice@evernote.com or at:
Evernote Corporation305 Walnut StreetRedwood City, California 94063 USAAttention: Legal Notice
Anything Else?
A couple of final, but important, points.
First, these Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Evernote and govern your use of the Service, except for, and then only to the extent that you have entered into a Separate Agreement.
These Terms supersede any prior agreements or earlier versions of these Terms between you and Evernote for the use of the Service as of the Effective Date indicated at the top of these Terms.
If, through accessing or using the Service, you utilize or obtain any product or service from a third party, you may additionally be subject to such third party’s terms and conditions applicable thereto, and these Terms shall not affect your legal relationship with such third party.
Second, you acknowledge and agree that each affiliate of Evernote shall be a third party beneficiary to these Terms and that such other companies shall be entitled to directly enforce, and rely upon, any provision of these Terms which confers a benefit on (or provides rights in favor of) them.
Other than this, no other person or company shall be a third party beneficiary to these Terms. 
Finally, the section headings in these Terms of Service are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.






In the event of a conflict, the English language version shall govern.

 
  
Effective Date: May 25, 2018 – What’s New &gt;&gt;


Return to Privacy Center

Introduction
As we state in our 3 Laws of Data Protection, we are committed to protecting the privacy of your data.
This Privacy Policy explains more specifically what information Evernote Corporation and its Group Companies (together, “Evernote,” “we” or “us”) collect from Account Holders and End Users (“you”) through Evernote’s websites and applications, which we refer to collectively as “the Service.” The Service includes the Evernote Software.
Please note, if you use Evernote Basic, Plus, or Premium, you are both the Account Holder and End User of an Evernote service account.
If you use Evernote Business, the Account Holder is the Customer who has contracted with Evernote as defined in our Evernote Business Agreement and the End Users are the individuals whose user accounts are linked to that Evernote Business account.
You can find these and other defined terms used in this policy in our Glossary at the end of this page.
Although significant changes are rare, this policy may be amended as new features, technology, or legal requirements arise, so please check back from time to time.
We’ll notify you if we make a significant change and, where required, seek your consent. 
What information does Evernote collect? 
We built Evernote to help you remember and organize your ideas, thoughts, and memories.
That means you can input, upload, or store in Evernote any text, images, and other data that you choose—we refer to that information as“Content”.
We also collect and receive the following types of information:


Basic subscriber information. To open your account and process payments, we collect and receive basic information like your email address and, depending on how you purchase a subscription to Evernote Plus, Evernote Premium or Evernote Business (each a “Paid Service”), your billing address and other payment information.
 

Usage data. We collect and log data on how you and others access and use Evernote, for example, the act of creating a note or sharing a note.
Usage data may be collected through cookies, and similar technologies.
For more information, including how to opt-out, visit our Cookie Information page. 

Location information. We collect the IP address you use to connect to the Service, and — if you choose to share it — your location information from a mobile device. 

Device information. We collect information about the number and type of devices you use to connect to the Service, as well as information about the operating systems on those devices (e.g., iOS, Android, Windows).
Learn more about information our applications collect from your device on our Data Usage page.



We also may link your subscriber information with data we receive from our partners and other third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with a better experience.  For example, if you create or log into an Evernote account using your Google Apps credentials via single sign-on, we will have access to certain information such as your name and email address as authorized in your Google Apps profile settings.
Learn MoreShow Less
We’ve listed the types of information we collect and receive more specifically in the chart below.
Generally, we collect this information to support your account and to help us understand how you use the Service so we can make it better.
We have noted which types of information are not collected unless you choose to provide it.
 If you register for or maintain an Evernote service account:
 We collect 
 Why we collect it 
Your username, email address, and contact preferences 
To create and support your Evernote Service account.
To communicate with you.
To enable other users to collaborate with you through Collaboration Features (such as shared Notes and Notebooks).
In accordance with your communication preferences, to send you information about Evernote features, products, and services that can enhance your use of the Service.
To verify your email address to help prevent spam, fraud, and abuse.

Your name, image, and other personal information, if you choose to share it 
To display in your user profile, which may be visible to those with whom you share Content.

The geographic area from which your computing devices interact with the Service, your preferred language, and, if you select the option to share it, your mobile device location information 
To localize your interaction with the Service by, for example, displaying web pages or user interfaces in your preferred language, showing you website content or pricing information appropriate to your location, and improving search by filtering results by location.
To help you monitor use of your account: We make recent IP address history available to you through your account settings.
To assist us in complying with legal restrictions that may limit the permissible use of the Service.
To enhance your Content with location information.
To help you discover relevant content.

Your device information 
To show you (on your account’s Access History page) which of your devices you have authorized to access your Evernote service account and when you last accessed the Service from each device. 
To inform our product development and marketing efforts, including our targeted advertising as described on our Cookie Information page.
To allow you to redeem a promotional offer.
To provide account support.
Together with purchase information, to help us comply with export laws.
 Your telephone number, if you choose to share it 
To help prevent spam, fraud, and abuse.
To enable two-step verification to provide an additional layer of security for your account.
To enable other users to communicate with you through Collaboration Features.
To show in your user profile, if you choose.
In accordance with your communication preferences, to send you information about Evernote features, products, and services that can enhance your use of the Service.

Your calendar information, only if you select the option to share it  
To enhance your notes with calendar information.
To show you relevant Content to which you have access.

Actions you perform when using the Service (e.g., creating a note or sharing a note) 
To administer the Service and to improve the features and usability of the Service.
To suggest Evernote features, products, and services that can enhance your use of the Service.
To provide account support.

Whether your account was created or referred through a reseller or other partner who helps distribute or promote Evernote accounts 
To determine the amount of revenue share payments to make to partners with whom we might have such arrangements and to provide aggregated and anonymized revenue share reports.
These partners could include resellers or distribution partners.

Your payment information, if you purchase a subscription
To process your payment.    
In addition to the information above, there are certain cases where we receive or collect supplemental information, as outlined below.
Additional information we collect in connection with Evernote Business accounts:
We collect
Why we collect it
Organization name and email address of Account Holder and End Users 
To create and support the Evernote Business account.
To communicate with the Account Holder and End Users of the Business account in accordance with communication preferences.
To enable Account Holder and End Users of a Business account to use Collaboration Features.
To verify Account Holder’s and End Users’ email addresses to help prevent spam, fraud, and abuse.

Billing information (e.g., postal address, email address, and telephone number) 
To communicate with the Billing Contact on the account and provide account support.

Employment-related personal information (e.g., your business title) – if you elect to share it 
To show in your Evernote Business account user profile if you choose.

If you use our Web Clipper browser extension or "Save to Evernote" button:
 We collect 
 Why we collect it 
A record of the source website from which you save Content 
To record in the note created by the Web Clipper the source of the material you’ve chosen to clip (e.g., the URL) for your future reference.
This source-recording functionality will not be affected by your browser’s do-not-track settings.



Please Note:
If you have installed the Web Clipper, when you visit certain websites the Web Clipper may notify you of available integrations with the Service or about products, services or features that we think will help you get more out of the Service.
The Web Clipper does not track or create a record of your browsing activity.

If you visit an Evernote website:
We collect
 Why we collect it 
Your email address (if you provide it)

To help you create an Evernote service account.
To communicate with you.

Tracking information 
Please see our Cookie Information page
 How does Evernote use my information?
We have specific rules for how and when we use the information we collect and receive.
We describe these below.
What does Evernote do with my information?
We are committed to protecting the privacy of your information.
Below, we describe the ways in which we use the information we collect and receive to provide, maintain, and improve the Service.
to provide troubleshooting and customer support.
to protect the Service for all our users.
to contact you.
and to administer Evernote Business accounts. 

We use a number of technologies to help you get the most out of the Service.
Our systems automatically analyze your data to power Evernote features and to continually improve the Service for you in a way that does not require anyone to look at your Content.
This may include, for example:

Making sure you find what you’re looking for when you search your account.
Showing you information most relevant to how you are or could be using the Service at a specific time or location.
Suggesting actions for you to take based on information you’ve stored.
Suggesting Evernote service features or products to you that we think will help you get the most out of our Service.
For Evernote Business users, recommending people for you to collaborate with.



To provide troubleshooting and customer support, our Customer Support team may need to access your information, such as your account email address and information about the Evernote application you are using, subject to the protections described below.
 
As part of our efforts to protect your account and the functionality of the Service, our systems may analyze the emails you send to and from your Evernote account and the notes you share to detect spam, malware, or other potential security concerns.
If we determine that such material constitutes a Terms of Service or User Guidelines violation, we may block delivery of or unshare the problematic material, much like a spam filter works for your email inbox.Learn more about steps you can take to protect your account, such as using strong passwords, two-step verification, and encryption.
In accordance with your communication preferences, we’ll occasionally contact you to announce new products and features we build for you, share tips for using Evernote to get more done, make special offers, and provide information about how Evernote works with products and services from our business partners.Learn MoreShow Less

You may opt out of promotional communications at any time by following the opt-out or “unsubscribe” instructions provided in emails or by logging into your Evernote service account via our web site at www.evernote.com and going to Settings &gt.
Personal Settings &gt.
Contact Preferences to change your contact preferences.
You can also change your in-app notification preferences through your device settings.
You will continue to receive essential Service-related and account-related information (such as notification that your paid subscription is about to expire), even if you unsubscribe from promotional emails or turn off in-app notifications.
Evernote Business users will also continue to receive a daily summary of activity associated with their Business account.
Similarly, if we learn of a security system breach, we may attempt to notify you and provide information on protective steps, if available, through the email address, phone number or other contact information that you have provided to us or by posting a notice on our web site and/or via other communication platforms.
Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive such notices in writing.
 

If you are an End User of an Evernote Business account, please note that the Account Holder of your Evernote Business account (such as your employer or organization) may have established its own rules regarding End Users’ access, use, disclosure, or retention of data stored in that account.
Also note that while an Administrator of an Evernote Business account has access to the End User accounts linked to that Evernote Business account, an Administrator cannot access an End User’s personal Evernote account.
You can find more information on how your personal Evernote service account works with your Evernote Business account here.






Would someone at Evernote ever view my Content?

You have control over who sees your Content.
We limit the use of your Content to make sure that no one at Evernote can view it unless you expressly give us permission or it’s necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Specifically:

To help refine or improve the technology, we may ask you for permission to review portions of your Content.
For example, if a new feature suggests related notes that are relevant to your Content, we may give you an opportunity to provide us feedback on how well the feature is performing along with a sample of the Content in question, so we can make sure this feature provides appropriately tailored suggestions.
Such access to your Content is done only with your express permission and is subject to strict confidentiality rules and data access controls.
Choosing to give us such permission is completely voluntary.
If you contact our Customer Support team for help with specific pieces of Content in your account (for example, if you can’t find a note you believe should be in your account), we may ask for your temporary permission to look at your Content.
This permission terminates when the issue is resolved.Learn MoreShow Less

If you send Evernote an error report and choose to attach application activity logs, please note that such logs may contain Content (for example, the title of a note or notebook).
You may edit Content out of your activity logs before you send them to us.

If we become aware of a potential violation of our a Terms of Service or User Guidelines, we may suspend or close your account until the problematic material is removed.
Under such a circumstance, we would only look at the Content in your account if you give us consent or if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, including to protect the safety of you or any other person.



To test and improve our product offerings for our users, we use aggregated data that does not contain any personal information, does not identify any person, and cannot be connected to any specific user.
This policy is not intended to apply to such anonymized/de-identified data.
How does Evernote share or disclose my information?
Evernote is not in the business of selling or renting your information.
Here are instances when we may disclose your information — and then only the minimum information necessary:

We share your information with Service Providers who process data on our behalf, such as credit card processors and customer management systems.
For example, these Service Providers help us:

Operate, develop, and improve the features and functionality of the Service
Complete your payment transactions
Fulfill your sales and support requests
Communicate with you as described elsewhere in this policy




We require these providers to agree to strict data protection requirements in keeping with our privacy policy standards, the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), and our commitments under our EU-US Privacy Shield and Swiss-US Privacy Shield certifications as discussed below.
You can view the vendors we use to help us provide the Service on our Vendors page.
We do not share your information with any third parties for their own advertising purposes.Learn MoreShow Less
Examples of our service providers include PayPal and Adyen for processing payments from our paid users, Salesforce for helping us with our email communications and Evernote Business sales outreach, and analytics providers like Google Analytics.
Other service providers include resellers that we work with to help distribute Evernote.
If you purchase a Paid Service from a reseller instead of directly from Evernote, we may need to share limited information with the reseller to ensure accuracy in payment, account management, and delivery of services to you.

Your Content is private unless you decide you want to share it.
You may choose to share using public links or through any of the Service’s features that allow you to share or collaborate on Content (“Collaboration Features”).
If you choose to share, we may need to take steps to facilitate your collaboration.  Learn MoreShow Less

There are features in Evernote that allow you to publish and share some of your notes and notebooks publicly, but these are optional.
Any information that you post in these locations, or in our user forum, can be read, collected, and used by anyone and could enable others to send you unsolicited messages.
Evernote enables you to determine whether to post personal or otherwise sensitive information to publicly accessible areas of our site, so you should carefully consider how you use the Service.
Evernote is not responsible for any publication or use of any information you choose to post in these locations.
When you use Collaboration Features, people you share with may see your user profile.

If you have not added any profile information, then you will be identified by the email address associated with your Evernote service account.
If you are an Evernote Business user, other members of your Evernote Business account will see your full Evernote Business account profile.
Evernote service users who are not in your Evernote Business account will only see your profile name and image. 

In addition, when you use Collaboration Features, the information you share is no longer private to you.
For example, by publishing or sharing any portion of your Content, you may be enabling each recipient of the shared material to access, use, display, perform, distribute, and modify that material.
In addition, Evernote enables you to use a variety of third-party services and applications that interact with the Service, and you should review the access rights you provide to those services or applications, as you may enable them to access or extract your Content through your agreements with those parties.
More information on the nature of these permissions may be found on our Third Party App Permissions page.

Depending on the permission levels you set when sharing Content, anyone who has access to the shared material may be able to see the Content, information about where and when the Content was created, as well as the note history, tags, and reminders associated with a particular note.

In the event of a merger, sale, or reorganization of all or part of our business, information covered by this policy may be transferred in connection with that deal.
 
As described on our Cookie Information page, we contract with third-party advertising networks in order to deliver relevant Evernote advertisements to you across the Internet and to manage our communications with you.
We do not use your Content for these purposes.
In addition, we may share with partners or Service Providers a hashed identifier to serve you relevant Evernote ads when you visit partners’ and providers’ websites, applications or platforms.
We may, for instance, participate in the Google Adwords Remarketing, Twitter Tailored Audience and Facebook Custom Audience services.
To learn more about the privacy controls that Google, Twitter and Facebook offer and honor for those respective services, please visit here for Google, here for Twitter, and here for Facebook.
You may opt out of certain ad targeting and retargeting services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page.
We also may share information about you with third parties whenever you consent to or direct such sharing.
This includes, for example, if you connect your Evernote account with a third-party app in our App Center.Learn MoreShow Less

Evernote works with a number of third-party applications and services.
In some cases, Evernote will partner with another company to provide an integration.
In addition, in our App Center, you can find a number of third-party applications and services that work with Evernote.
If you connect your Evernote account to these third-party services, you may be giving the partner access to some or all of your data, including, in some cases, your Content.
Providing such access is entirely voluntary, and you’ll receive notice and must consent before such access is granted.
You’ll always be able to check which applications or services are authorized to access your account by visiting the applications page in your account.
You’ll also be able to turn off access from connected applications and services whenever you want.
Please consider your selection of such applications and services, and your permissions, carefully.
We encourage you to review each party’s contract terms and privacy policy.
To learn more about third-party applications and what data they may access, visit our Third Party Application Permissions page. How does Evernote respond to legal requests for my information?
We vigilantly protect the privacy of your account.
We will not disclose your information to law enforcement or other governmental authorities unless we believe it is required to comply with warrants, court orders, subpoenas, or other lawful government requests.
This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards of due process.
We narrowly interpret all information requests, and we only disclose Content in your account that is specifically responsive to a government warrant or where you have provided your explicit consent.
In accordance with our user notice policy, we will notify you if we believe we are compelled to comply with a third party’s legal demand for your information, and we routinely push back on government orders to delay user notice that we view as overly broad.
You can find more information in our current Transparency Report.
In addition, in rare cases, we may share your information as necessary to investigate or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or potential threats against persons, property or the systems on which we operate the Service, or as otherwise necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
How can I manage my information stored in Evernote?
Consistent with our first law of data protection—your data is yours—in most cases, you can manage your information simply by logging into your account and editing your information directly within the Evernote service.
However, if you prefer, you can contact us at compliance@evernote.com to ask us to provide access to, correct, update, or delete your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you for proof of account ownership and/or identity before fulfilling your request.
We will comply with such requests to the extent required by applicable law or the US-Swiss Privacy Shield and US-EU Privacy Shield.

A Note for our European Users about our Data Processing Grounds and Data Access Rights

The European Union's GDPR requires that we provide notice in a specific way to our European users about their privacy rights.
We process Account Holder or End User personal information on one of three grounds, depending on the circumstances: (i) your affirmative consent, in which case you will have the right to withdraw consent at any time.
(ii) contractual necessity.
or (iii) our legitimate interest in providing the Service.
In addition, we are required to list the data access right available to all users in a specific way.
Learn MoreShow Less
YOUR RIGHTS
WHAT DOES IT MEAN FOR YOU?
Right to access 
You can request Evernote to provide you with information on how we collect, use, and store your personal information, including provide you with a copy of your personal information we store in Evernote.

Right of rectification 
You can request that we correct certain inaccurate information if you are no longer using the Service.
For more information, see the section: "What happens if I want to stop using Evernote?"

Right to data portability 
You can export your information from Evernote to a competing service.
See our Third Law of Data Protection for more information.

Right to object 



You can object to the processing of your information in certain cases, as well as request that Evernote not use your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Direct marketing includes emails which help us keep you informed about the latest improvements to our Service.
See our Help and Learning page on opting-out for more information.


How long does Evernote store my information?

Evernote's mission is to help you remember everything important in your life.
In order to do that, we make the Content you store in Evernote readily accessible to you, until you make the decision to delete it.
If you delete your Content and then sync, it will no longer be accessible to you or others who may access the Service.
The Evernote service’s back-up systems may retain residual copies of your deleted Content for up to one year due to the nature of those systems’ operations.
Evernote provides you with features that allow you to communicate and collaborate with other users.
Please note that deleting your copy of these communications (such as messages) won't delete copies existing in the accounts of people you were interacting with.
For users who are inactive for extended periods of time, we may close your account to satisfy our obligations under applicable law, and in accordance with our data retention policy.
If that happens, we will try to notify you before taking any action.

What happens if I want to stop using Evernote?

As described above, you can delete your Content at any time, and you can stop using the Evernote service at any time.
And as we promise in our third law of data protection, your data is portable.
You can export your notes at any time, as explained here.



What happens if Evernote closes my account?

If Evernote deactivates your account due to a TOS violation, then you may contact us to request deletion of your Content, and we will evaluate such requests on a case by case basis, pursuant to our legal obligations.
Where does Evernote store my information?
When you use Evernote Software on your computing device, such as by using one of our downloadable applications, some of your data will be stored locally on that device.
When you sync your computing device with the Service, that data will be replicated on servers maintained in the United States.
This means that if you store information in or submit data to the Evernote website or Evernote Software and sync such Evernote Software with the Evernote service, you acknowledge your personal information will be transmitted to, hosted, and accessed in the United States.
Data privacy laws or regulations in your home country may differ from, or be more protective than, those in the United States.
We will collect, store, and use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws, wherever it is processed.

Which Evernote company is my data controller?

If you live in Brazil, your data controller is Evernote do Brasil Serviços de Aplicaçōes Ltda.
(“Evernote Brasil”).
If you live in the United States and Canada, your data controller is Evernote Corporation (headquartered in California).
If you live anywhere else, your data controller is Switzerland-based Evernote GmbH.
How does Evernote comply with data transfer rules?
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland, please note that we use standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission to transfer your personal Information from the EEA or Switzerland to the United States and other countries.
In addition, Evernote Corporation has certified its compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries and Switzerland.Learn MoreShow Less
The following statements apply to both the personal information Evernote Corporation receives from individuals or data controllers in the European Union and Switzerland, and the procedures discussed may be used by individuals from the EU and Switzerland.
The Evernote Corporation has certified that in respect of all personal information it receives from the European Union and Switzerland in reliance on the Shield, it will adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfers, Security, Data Integrity &amp.
Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability.
To access the Privacy Shield List and to find details of our certification, please visit: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.
If we ever need to use your personal information for a purpose that is materially different to the purposes we collected it for or that you later authorize, we will notify you and provide you with the opportunity to opt-out.
Under the Privacy Shield, Evernote Corporation will remain liable if its third-party service providers process your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Residents of the European Union or Switzerland who believe that their personal information has not been processed in compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles may raise their complaint in the following ways:


You can contact Evernote Corporation directly using the details in the "How can I contact Evernote?" section in our Privacy Policy.
We will respond to your complaint within 45 days of receipt.


We have further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States.
If you do not receive a timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by us, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information about the scheme.
This JAMS service will be provided to complainants free of charge.
To file a complaint directly with JAMS, go here: https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or-safe-harbor-claim


For residual disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions.
To find out more about the Privacy Shield's binding arbitration scheme, please see: https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction.


You may have the right to access personal information that we hold about you and request that we correct, amend, or delete it if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of Privacy Shield.
Please contact us, as provided above, to make such a request and we will consider it in accordance with the Privacy Shield's Principles.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over our compliance with the Privacy Shield.
Please note that we may disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, or government requests (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).



How can I contact Evernote?

Evernote welcomes your feedback regarding this Privacy Policy.
If you have questions, comments or concerns about this Policy, please contact us by email at privacy@evernote.com or postal mail at:
EVERNOTE CORPORATION305 Walnut StreetRedwood City, California 94063 USAAttention: Privacy Team
EVERNOTE GMBHWalchestrasse 98006 Zurich, SwitzerlandAttention: Privacy Team
EVERNOTE DO BRASIL SERVIÇOS DE APLICAÇÕES LTDA. Avenida Paulista, no 2.300 Andar Pilotis Edifício São Luís Gonzaga CEP: 01310-300 São Paulo/SP  BrasilAttention: Privacy Team
GLOSSARY


Account Holder means the person or entity who has contracted with Evernote as either an individual Basic, Plus, or Premium user or as a Customer as defined in our Evernote Business Agreement.

Collaboration Features means any of the Service’s features that allow you to share or collaborate on Content.

Content means the text, images, and other data you choose to input, upload, and store in Evernote. 

End User means the individual who uses an account on the Evernote service.

Evernote (or sometimes “we” or “us”) means Evernote Corporation and its affiliated companies that also act as data controllers: Evernote GmbH and Evernote Do Brasil Servicos de Aplicaçōes Ltda.

Evernote Service means the Evernote Software (as defined below) and other products, services and websites hosted or made available by Evernote, including our downloadable applications, App Center, User Forum, and Help &amp.
Learning pages.

Evernote Software means the software hosted on Evernote’s servers and the software we make available to be deployed by you or a third party to enable capturing of Content originating outside the Service, such as Evernote Scannable or Evernote Web Clipper or any of the Evernote software applications for compatible computing devices that enable access and use of the Service through such device

Group Companies means Evernote Corporation and its wholly owned subsidiaries, which include Evernote GmbH and Evernote do Brasil Serviços de Aplicaçōes Ltda.

Paid Service means Evernote Plus, Evernote Premium, Evernote Business, and any other Evernote offering for which we collect payment (in the form of currency, Evernote points, coupon codes).









In the event of a conflict, the English language version shall govern.  
