 Jump toSections of this page
Accessibility Help
Press alt + / to open this menu
privacy basicsMENU




WelcomeTop TopicsYou’re in ChargeManage Your Privacy
Stay Safe and Secure
Advertising
Working Together
Privacy PrinciplesData Policy
You have control over who sees what you share on Facebook.
That way, you’re free to express yourself the way you want.
We’re here to help you do that.
Let’s get started!Top TopicsFrequently asked questions about privacy.PostsHow do I choose who can see photos and other things I post on Facebook?Learn More
ProfileHow can I see what my profile looks like to someone else?Learn More
Friend ListCan other people see my list of friends when they visit my profile?Learn More
Reactions &amp.
CommentsWho can see my reactions and comments on other people's posts?Learn More
TaggingWho can see a photo I post on Facebook when someone else is tagged in it?Learn More
Unfriending &amp.
BlockingHow can I stop someone who’s bothering me?Learn More
You’re In ChargeLearn how you're in control of your Facebook experience.Manage Your PrivacyLearn how to customize your privacy settings so you can confidently share your moments.Explore
Stay Safe and Secure Explore ways to increase your account security and learn how we help protect you.
Explore
AdvertisingFind out how to control the ads you're shown so they're more useful to you.Explore
Working TogetherLearn how data and technology help us connect and support you in new ways.Explore
Take the Privacy Checkup
&lt;img class="img" height="1" width="1" style="display:none" src="https://external-iad3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQDMBWHHSAEsS6E2&amp;amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Ftr%3Fid%3D1689886554656759%26ev%3DPageView%26noscript%3D1&amp;amp;_nc_hash=AQCqJHC7TpWzDV2H" alt="" /&gt.
 Jump toSections of this page
Accessibility Help
Press alt + / to open this menu
Facebook
Join or Log Into Facebook   
Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpCookies &amp.
Other Storage Technologies Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information on web browsers.
Cookies are used to store and receive identifiers and other information on computers, phones, and other devices.
Other technologies, including data we store on your web browser or device, identifiers associated with your device, and other software, are used for similar purposes.
In this policy, we refer to all of these technologies as “cookies.” 
 We use cookies if you have a Facebook account, use the Facebook Products, including our website and apps, or visit other websites and apps that use the Facebook Products (including the Like button or other Facebook Technologies).
Cookies enable Facebook to offer the Facebook Products to you and to understand the information we receive about you, including information about your use of other websites and apps, whether or not you are registered or logged in.

 This policy explains how we use cookies and the choices you have.
Except as otherwise stated in this policy, the Data Policy will apply to our processing of the data we collect via cookies.
Why do we use cookies? Cookies help us provide, protect and improve the Facebook Products, such as by personalizing content, tailoring and measuring ads, and providing a safer experience.
While the cookies that we use may change from time to time as we improve and update the Facebook Products, we use them for the following purposes: Authentication We use cookies to verify your account and determine when you’re logged in so we can make it easier for you to access the Facebook Products and show you the appropriate experience and features.

For example: We use cookies to keep you logged in as you navigate between Facebook pages.
Cookies also help us remember your browser so you do not have to keep logging into Facebook and so you can more easily log into Facebook via third-party apps and websites.Security, site and product integrity We use cookies to help us keep your account, data and the Facebook Products safe and secure.

For example: Cookies can help us identify and impose additional security measures when someone may be attempting to access a Facebook account without authorization, for instance, by rapidly guessing different passwords.
We also use cookies to store information that allows us to recover your account in the event you’ve forgotten your password or to require additional authentication if you tell us your account has been hacked. We also use cookies to combat activity that violates our policies or otherwise degrades our ability to provide the Facebook Products.

For example: Cookies help us fight spam and phishing attacks by enabling us to identify computers that are used to create large numbers of fake Facebook accounts.
We also use cookies to detect computers infected with malware and to take steps to prevent them from causing further harm.
Cookies also help us prevent underage people from registering for Facebook accounts.Advertising, recommendations, insights and measurement We use cookies to help us show ads and to make recommendations for businesses and other organizations to people who may be interested in the products, services or causes they promote.

For example: Cookies allow us to help deliver ads to people who have previously visited a business’s website, purchased its products or used its apps and to recommend products and services based on that activity.
Cookies also allow us to limit the number of times that you see an ad so you don’t see the same ad over and over again. We also use cookies to help measure the performance of ad campaigns for businesses that use the Facebook Products.

For example: We use cookies to count the number of times an ad is shown and to calculate the cost of those ads.
We also use cookies to measure how often people do things like click on or view ads. Cookies help us serve and measure ads across different browsers and devices used by the same person.

For example: We can use cookies to prevent you from seeing the same ad over and over again across the different devices that you use. Cookies also allow us to provide insights about the people who use the Facebook Products, as well as, the people who interact with the ads, websites, and apps of our advertisers and the businesses that use the Facebook Products.

For example: We use cookies to help businesses understand the kinds of people who like their Facebook page or use their apps so they can provide more relevant content and develop features that are likely to be interesting to their customers. We also use cookies to help you opt out of seeing ads from Facebook based on your activity on third-party websites.
Learn more about the information we receive, how we decide which ads to show you on and off the Facebook Products, and the controls available to you.
Site features and services We use cookies to enable the functionality that helps us provide the Facebook Products.

For example: Cookies help us store preferences, know when you’ve seen or interacted with Facebook Products’ content, and provide you with customized content and experiences.
For instance, cookies allow us to make suggestions to you and others, and to customize content on third-party sites that integrate our social plugins.
If you are a page administrator, cookies allow you to switch between posting from your personal FB account and the page. We also use cookies to help provide you with content relevant to your locale.

For example: We store information in a cookie that is placed on your browser or device so you will see the site in your preferred language.Performance We use cookies to provide you with the best experience possible.

For example: Cookies help us route traffic between servers and understand how quickly Facebook Products load for different people.
Cookies also help us record the ratio and dimensions of your screen and windows and know whether you’ve enabled high contrast mode, so that we can render our sites and apps correctly.Analytics and research We use cookies to better understand how people use the Facebook Products so that we can improve them.

For example: Cookies can help us understand how people use the Facebook Service, analyze which parts of the Facebook Products people find most useful and engaging, and identify features that could be improved.Where do we use cookies? We may place cookies on your computer or device, and receive information stored in cookies, when you use or visit: 


The Facebook Products;
Products provided by other members of the Facebook Companies.
and
Websites and apps provided by other companies that use the Facebook Products, including companies that incorporate the Facebook Technologies into their websites and apps.
Facebook uses cookies and receives information when you visit those sites and apps, including device information and information about your activity, without any further action from you.
This occurs whether or not you have a Facebook account or are logged in.
Do other parties use cookies in connection with the Facebook Products? Yes, other parties may use cookies on the Facebook Products to provide services to us and the businesses that advertise on Facebook.

 For example, our measurement partners use cookies on the Facebook Products to help advertisers understand the effectiveness of their Facebook advertising campaigns and to compare the performance of those campaigns to ads displayed on other websites and apps.
Learn more about the companies that use cookies on the Facebook Products.

 Third parties also use cookies on their own sites and apps in connection with the Facebook Products.
To understand how other parties use cookies, please review their policies.
How can you control Facebook’s use of cookies to show you ads? One of the ways we use cookies is to show you useful and relevant ads on and off Facebook.
You can control how we use data to show you ads by using the tools described below.
If you have a Facebook Account:
You can use your ad preferences to learn why you’re seeing a particular ad and control how we use information we collect to show you ads.
To show you better ads, we use data that advertisers and other partners provide us about your activity off Facebook company Products, including websites and apps.
You can control whether we use this data to show you ads in your ad settings.
The Facebook Audience Network is a way for advertisers to show you ads in apps and websites off the Facebook Company Products.
One of the ways Audience Network shows relevant ads is by using your ad preferences to determine which ads you may be interested in seeing.
You can control this in your ad settings.
Everyone: You can opt out of seeing online interest-based ads from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the US, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe or through your mobile device settings.
Please note ad blockers and tools that restrict our cookie use may interfere with these controls.
More information about online advertising: The advertising companies we work with generally use cookies and similar technologies as part of their services.
To learn more about how advertisers generally use cookies and the choices they offer, you can review the following resources: 

Digital Advertising Alliance
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
Browser cookie controls: In addition, your browser or device may offer settings that allow you to choose whether browser cookies are set and to delete them.
For more information about these controls, visit your browser or device's help material.
Certain parts of the Facebook Products may not work properly if you have disabled browser cookie use.

 Date of Last Revision: April 4, 2018 
English (US)
Español
Français (France)
中文(简体)
العربية
Português (Brasil)
Italiano
한국어
Deutsch
हिन्दी
日本語






Sign Up
Log In
Messenger
Facebook Lite
Mobile
Find Friends
People
Pages
Video Interests
Places
Games
Locations
Marketplace
Groups
Instagram
Local
About
Create Ad
Create Page
Developers
Careers
Privacy
Cookies
Ad Choices


Terms
Help
Settings
Activity Log
 Facebook © 2018  
Help CenterLog InCreate AccountHomeUsing FacebookCreating an AccountFriendingYour Home PageMessagingPhotosVideosPagesGroupsEventsPaymentsMarketplaceAppsFacebook Mobile and Desktop AppsAccessibilityManaging Your AccountLogin and PasswordYour Profile and SettingsNames on FacebookKeeping Your Account SecureNotificationsAd PreferencesAccessing &amp.
Downloading Your InformationDeactivating or Deleting Your AccountPrivacy and SafetyYour PrivacyStaying SafeKeeping Your Account SecureUnfriending or Blocking SomeoneHacked and Fake AccountsPolicies and ReportingReporting AbuseReporting a Problem with FacebookReporting a Privacy ViolationHacked and Fake AccountsManaging a Deceased Person's AccountUploading Your IDIntellectual PropertyAbout Our PoliciesCreating an AccountFriendingYour Home PageMessagingPhotosVideosPagesGroupsEventsPaymentsMarketplaceAppsFacebook Mobile and Desktop AppsAccessibilityWhat information does Facebook get when I visit a site with the Like button?
share
Share ArticleIf you’re logged into Facebook and visit a website with the Like button, your browser sends us information about your visit.
Since the Like button is a little piece of Facebook embedded on another website, the browser is sending info about the request to load Facebook content on that page.We record some of this info to help show you a personalized experience on that site and to improve our products.
For example, when you go to a website with a Like button, we need to know who you are in order to show you what your Facebook friends have liked on that site.
The data we receive includes your user ID, the website you're visiting, the date and time and other browser-related info.If you’re logged out or don’t have a Facebook account and visit a website with the Like button or another social plugin, your browser sends us a more limited set of info.
For example, because you’re not logged into Facebook, you’ll have fewer cookies than someone who's logged in.
Like other sites on the Internet, we receive info about the web page you're visiting, the date and time and other browser-related info.
We record this info to help us improve our products.
As our Data Policy indicates, we use cookies to show you ads on and off Facebook.
We may also use the info we receive when you visit a site with social plugins to help us show you more interesting and useful ads.Was this information helpful?YesNoRelated ArticlesHow do social plugins work?What types of ID does Facebook accept?
English (US)
Español
Français (France)
中文(简体)
العربية
Português (Brasil)
Italiano
한국어
Deutsch
हिन्दी
日本語




 Facebook © 2018AboutAd ChoicesTerms &amp.
PoliciesPrivacyCreate AdCookiesCareersCreate Page  Plain Text Terms of Service 1.
Our Services Provide a personalized experience for you:Connect you with people and organizations you care about:Empower you to express yourself and communicate about what matters to you:Help you discover content, products, and services that may interest you:Combat harmful conduct and protect and support our community:Use and develop advanced technologies to provide safe and functional services for everyone:Research ways to make our services better:Provide consistent and seamless experiences across the Facebook Company Products:Enable global access to our services: 2.
Our Data Policy and Your Privacy Choices 3.
Your Commitments to Facebook and Our Community 1.
Who can use Facebook2.
What you can share and do on Facebook3.
The permissions you give us4.
Limits on using our intellectual property 4.
Additional provisions 1.
Updating our Terms2.
Account suspension or termination3.
Limits on liability4.
Disputes5.
Other 5.
Other terms and policies that may apply to you 
 Facebook Ads Controls 
 Privacy Basics 
 Cookies Policy 
 Data Policy 
 More Resources 
 View a printable version of the Terms of Service 
Terms of Service
 Welcome to Facebook! 
 These Terms govern your use of Facebook and the products, features, apps, services, technologies, and software we offer (the Facebook Products or Products), except where we expressly state that separate terms (and not these) apply.
Return to top 1.
Our Services Our mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together.
To help advance this mission, we provide the Products and services described below to you: Provide a personalized experience for you: Your experience on Facebook is unlike anyone else's: from the posts, stories, events, ads, and other content you see in News Feed or our video platform to the Pages you follow and other features you might use, such as Trending, Marketplace, and search.
We use the data we have - for example, about the connections you make, the choices and settings you select, and what you share and do on and off our Products - to personalize your experience.
Connect you with people and organizations you care about: We help you find and connect with people, groups, businesses, organizations, and others that matter to you across the Facebook Products you use.
We use the data we have to make suggestions for you and others - for example, groups to join, events to attend, Pages to follow or send a message to, shows to watch, and people you may want to become friends with.
Stronger ties make for better communities, and we believe our services are most useful when people are connected to people, groups, and organizations they care about.
Empower you to express yourself and communicate about what matters to you: There are many ways to express yourself on Facebook and to communicate with friends, family, and others about what matters to you - for example, sharing status updates, photos, videos, and stories across the Facebook Products you use, sending messages to a friend or several people, creating events or groups, or adding content to your profile.
We also have developed, and continue to explore, new ways for people to use technology, such as augmented reality and 360 video to create and share more expressive and engaging content on Facebook.
Help you discover content, products, and services that may interest you: We show you ads, offers, and other sponsored content to help you discover content, products, and services that are offered by the many businesses and organizations that use Facebook and other Facebook Products.
Our partners pay us to show their content to you, and we design our services so that the sponsored content you see is as relevant and useful to you as everything else you see on our Products.
Combat harmful conduct and protect and support our community: People will only build community on Facebook if they feel safe.
We employ dedicated teams around the world and develop advanced technical systems to detect misuse of our Products, harmful conduct towards others, and situations where we may be able to help support or protect our community.
If we learn of content or conduct like this, we will take appropriate action - for example, offering help, removing content, blocking access to certain features, disabling an account, or contacting law enforcement.
We share data with other Facebook Companies when we detect misuse or harmful conduct by someone using one of our Products.
Use and develop advanced technologies to provide safe and functional services for everyone: We use and develop advanced technologies - such as artificial intelligence, machine learning systems, and augmented reality - so that people can use our Products safely regardless of physical ability or geographic location.
For example, technology like this helps people who have visual impairments understand what or who is in photos or videos shared on Facebook or Instagram.
We also build sophisticated network and communication technology to help more people connect to the internet in areas with limited access.
And we develop automated systems to improve our ability to detect and remove abusive and dangerous activity that may harm our community and the integrity of our Products.
Research ways to make our services better: We engage in research and collaborate with others to improve our Products.
One way we do this is by analyzing the data we have and understanding how people use our Products.
You can learn more about some of our research efforts.
Provide consistent and seamless experiences across the Facebook Company Products: Our Products help you find and connect with people, groups, businesses, organizations, and others that are important to you.
We design our systems so that your experience is consistent and seamless across the different Facebook Company Products that you use.
For example, we use data about the people you engage with on Facebook to make it easier for you to connect with them on Instagram or Messenger, and we enable you to communicate with a business you follow on Facebook through Messenger.
Enable global access to our services: To operate our global service, we need to store and distribute content and data in our data centers and systems around the world, including outside your country of residence.
This infrastructure may be operated or controlled by Facebook, Inc., Facebook Ireland Limited, or its affiliates.
Return to top 2.
Our Data Policy and Your Privacy Choices To provide these services, we must collect and use your personal data.
We detail our practices in the Data Policy, which you must agree to in order to use our Products.
We also encourage you to review the privacy choices you have in your settings.
Return to top 3.
Your Commitments to Facebook and Our Community We provide these services to you and others to help advance our mission.
In exchange, we need you to make the following commitments: 1.
Who can use Facebook When people stand behind their opinions and actions, our community is safer and more accountable.
For that reason, you must: 
Use the same name that you use in everyday life.
Provide accurate information about yourself.
Create only one account (your own) and use your timeline for personal purposes.
Not share your password, give access to your Facebook account to others, or transfer your account to anyone else (without our permission).
 We try to make Facebook broadly available to everyone, but you cannot use Facebook if: 
You are under 13 years old.
You are a convicted sex offender.
We previously disabled your account for violations of our terms or policies.
You are prohibited from receiving our products, services, or software under applicable laws.
2.
What you can share and do on Facebook We want people to use Facebook to express themselves and to share content that is important to them, but not at the expense of the safety and well-being of others or the integrity of our community.
You therefore agree not to engage in the conduct described below (or to facilitate or support others in doing so): 
You may not use our Products to do or share anything: 
That violates these Terms, our Community Standards, and other terms and policies that apply to your use of Facebook.
That is unlawful, misleading, discriminatory or fraudulent.
That infringes or violates someone else's rights.


You may not upload viruses or malicious code or do anything that could disable, overburden, or impair the proper working or appearance of our Products.
You may not access or collect data from our Products using automated means (without our prior permission) or attempt to access data you do not have permission to access.
 We can remove content you share in violation of these provisions and, if applicable, we may take action against your account, for the reasons described below.
We may also disable your account if you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights.
To help support our community, we encourage you to report content or conduct that you believe violates your rights (including intellectual property rights) or our terms and policies.
3.
The permissions you give us We need certain permissions from you to provide our services: 


Permission to use content you create and share: You own the content you create and share on Facebook and the other Facebook Products you use, and nothing in these Terms takes away the rights you have to your own content.
You are free to share your content with anyone else, wherever you want.
To provide our services, though, we need you to give us some legal permissions to use that content.
Specifically, when you share, post, or upload content that is covered by intellectual property rights (like photos or videos) on or in connection with our Products, you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, and worldwide license to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate, and create derivative works of your content (consistent with your privacy and application settings).
This means, for example, that if you share a photo on Facebook, you give us permission to store, copy, and share it with others (again, consistent with your settings) such as service providers that support our service or other Facebook Products you use.
You can end this license any time by deleting your content or account.
You should know that, for technical reasons, content you delete may persist for a limited period of time in backup copies (though it will not be visible to other users).
In addition, content you delete may continue to appear if you have shared it with others and they have not deleted it.

Permission to use your name, profile picture, and information about your actions with ads and sponsored content: You give us permission to use your name and profile picture and information about actions you have taken on Facebook next to or in connection with ads, offers, and other sponsored content that we display across our Products, without any compensation to you.
For example, we may show your friends that you are interested in an advertised event or have liked a Page created by a brand that has paid us to display its ads on Facebook.
Ads like this can be seen only by people who have your permission to see the actions you've taken on Facebook.
You can learn more about your ad settings and preferences.
If you are under the age of eighteen (18), you represent that a parent or legal guardian also agrees to this section on your behalf.
(This language is included pursuant to a court-approved legal settlement.) 

Permission to update software you use or download: If you download or use our software, you give us permission to download and install upgrades, updates, and additional features to improve, enhance, and further develop it.

4.
Limits on using our intellectual property If you use content covered by intellectual property rights that we have and make available in our Products (for example, images, designs, videos, or sounds we provide that you add to content you create or share on Facebook), we retain all rights to that content (but not yours).
You can only use our copyrights or trademarks (or any similar marks) as expressly permitted by our Brand Usage Guidelines or with our prior written permission.
You must obtain our written permission (or permission under an open source license) to modify, create derivative works of, decompile, or otherwise attempt to extract source code from us.
Return to top 4.
Additional provisions 1.
Updating our Terms We work constantly to improve our services and develop new features to make our Products better for you and our community.
As a result, we may need to update these Terms from time to time to accurately reflect our services and practices.
Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you before we make changes to these Terms and give you an opportunity to review them before they go into effect.
Once any updated Terms are in effect, you will be bound by them if you continue to use our Products.
We hope that you will continue using our Products, but if you do not agree to our updated Terms and no longer want to be a part of the Facebook community, you can delete your account at any time.
2.
Account suspension or termination We want Facebook to be a place where people feel welcome and safe to express themselves and share their thoughts and ideas.
If we determine that you have violated our terms or policies, we may take action against your account to protect our community and services, including by suspending access to your account or disabling it.
We may also suspend or disable your account if you create risk or legal exposure for us or when we are permitted or required to do so by law.
Where appropriate, we will notify you about your account the next time you try to access it.
You can learn more about what you can do if your account has been disabled.
If you delete or we disable your account, these Terms shall terminate as an agreement between you and us, but the following provisions will remain in place: 3, 4.2-4.5 3.
Limits on liability We work hard to provide the best Products we can and to specify clear guidelines for everyone who uses them.
Our Products, however, are provided "as is," and we make no guarantees that they always will be safe, secure, or error-free, or that they will function without disruptions, delays, or imperfections.
To the extent permitted by law, we also DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
We do not control or direct what people and others do or say, and we are not responsible for their actions or conduct (whether online or offline) or any content they share (including offensive, inappropriate, obscene, unlawful, and other objectionable content).
We cannot predict when issues might arise with our Products.
Accordingly, our liability shall be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and under no circumstance will we be liable to you for any lost profits, revenues, information, or data, or consequential, special, indirect, exemplary, punitive, or incidental damages arising out of or related to these Terms or the Facebook Products, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Our aggregate liability arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Facebook Products will not exceed the greater of $100 or the amount you have paid us in the past twelve months.
4.
Disputes We try to provide clear rules so that we can limit or hopefully avoid disputes between you and us.
If a dispute does arise, however, it's useful to know up front where it can be resolved and what laws will apply.
For any claim, cause of action, or dispute you have against us that arises out of or relates to these Terms or the Facebook Products ("claim"), you agree that it will be resolved exclusively in the U.S.
District Court for the Northern District of California or a state court located in San Mateo County.
You also agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of either of these courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim, and that the laws of the State of California will govern these Terms and any claim, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
5.
Other
These Terms (formerly known as the Statement of Rights and Responsibilities) make up the entire agreement between you and Facebook, Inc.
regarding your use of our Products.
They supersede any prior agreements.
Some of the Products we offer are also governed by supplemental terms.
If you use any of those Products, supplemental terms will be made available and will become part of our agreement with you.
For instance, if you access or use our Products for commercial or business purposes, such as buying ads, selling products, developing apps, managing a group or Page for your business, or using our measurement services, you must agree to our Commercial Terms.
If you post or share content containing music, you must comply with our Music Guidelines.
To the extent any supplemental terms conflict with these Terms, the supplemental terms shall govern to the extent of the conflict.
If any portion of these Terms are found to be unenforceable, the remaining portion will remain in full force and effect.
If we fail to enforce any of these Terms, it will not be considered a waiver.
Any amendment to or waiver of these Terms must be made in writing and signed by us.
You will not transfer any of your rights or obligations under these Terms to anyone else without our consent.
You may designate a person (called a legacy contact) to manage your account if it is memorialized.
Only your legacy contact or a person who you have identified in a valid will or similar document expressing clear consent to disclose your content upon death or incapacity will be able to seek disclosure from your account after it is memorialized.
These Terms do not confer any third-party beneficiary rights.
All of our rights and obligations under these Terms are freely assignable by us in connection with a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise.
You should know that we may need to change the username for your account in certain circumstances (for example, if someone else claims the username and it appears unrelated to the name you use in everyday life).
We always appreciate your feedback and other suggestions about our products and services.
But you should know that we may use them without any restriction or obligation to compensate you, and we are under no obligation to keep them confidential.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
Return to top 5.
Other terms and policies that may apply to you 
Community Standards: These guidelines outline our standards regarding the content you post to Facebook and your activity on Facebook and other Facebook Products.
Commercial Terms: These terms apply if you also access or use our Products for any commercial or business purpose, including advertising, operating an app on our Platform, using our measurement services, managing a group or a Page for a business, or selling goods or services.
Advertising Policies: These policies specify what types of ad content are allowed by partners who advertise across the Facebook Products.
Self-Serve Ad Terms: These terms apply when you use self-serve advertising interfaces to create, submit, or deliver advertising or other commercial or sponsored activity or content.
Pages, Groups and Events Policy: These guidelines apply if you create or administer a Facebook Page, group, or event, or if you use Facebook to communicate or administer a promotion.
Facebook Platform Policy: These guidelines outline the policies that apply to your use of our Platform (for example, for developers or operators of a Platform application or website or if you use social plugins).
Developer Payment Terms: These terms apply to developers of applications that use Facebook Payments.
Community Payment Terms: These terms apply to payments made on or through Facebook.
Commerce Policies: These guidelines outline the policies that apply when you offer products and services for sale on Facebook.
Facebook Brand Resources: These guidelines outline the policies that apply to use of Facebook trademarks, logos, and screenshots.
Music Guidelines: These guidelines outline the policies that apply if you post or share content containing music on Facebook.

 Date of Last Revision: April 19th, 2018 
 Data Policy This policy describes the information we process to support Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and other products and features offered by Facebook (Facebook Products or Products).
You can find additional tools and information in the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.
Return to top What kinds of information do we collect? To provide the Facebook Products, we must process information about you.
The types of information we collect depend on how you use our Products.
You can learn how to access and delete information we collect by visiting the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.
Things you and others do and provide.

Information and content you provide. We collect the content, communications and other information you provide when you use our Products, including when you sign up for an account, create or share content, and message or communicate with others.
This can include information in or about the content you provide (like metadata), such as the location of a photo or the date a file was created.
It can also include what you see through features we provide, such as our camera, so we can do things like suggest masks and filters that you might like, or give you tips on using camera formats.
Our systems automatically process content and communications you and others provide to analyze context and what's in them for the purposes described below.
Learn more about how you can control who can see the things you share.

Data with special protections: You can choose to provide information in your Facebook profile fields or Life Events about your religious views, political views, who you are "interested in," or your health.
This and other information (such as racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership) could be subject to special protections under the laws of your country.



Networks and connections. We collect information about the people, Pages, accounts, hashtags and groups you are connected to and how you interact with them across our Products, such as people you communicate with the most or groups you are part of.
We also collect contact information if you choose to upload, sync or import it from a device (such as an address book or call log or SMS log history), which we use for things like helping you and others find people you may know and for the other purposes listed below.

Your usage. We collect information about how you use our Products, such as the types of content you view or engage with.
the features you use.
the actions you take.
the people or accounts you interact with.
and the time, frequency and duration of your activities.
For example, we log when you're using and have last used our Products, and what posts, videos and other content you view on our Products.
We also collect information about how you use features like our camera.

Information about transactions made on our Products. If you use our Products for purchases or other financial transactions (such as when you make a purchase in a game or make a donation), we collect information about the purchase or transaction.
This includes payment information, such as your credit or debit card number and other card information.
other account and authentication information.
and billing, shipping and contact details.

Things others do and information they provide about you. We also receive and analyze content, communications and information that other people provide when they use our Products.
This can include information about you, such as when others share or comment on a photo of you, send a message to you, or upload, sync or import your contact information.
Device Information As described below, we collect information from and about the computers, phones, connected TVs and other web-connected devices you use that integrate with our Products, and we combine this information across different devices you use.
For example, we use information collected about your use of our Products on your phone to better personalize the content (including ads) or features you see when you use our Products on another device, such as your laptop or tablet, or to measure whether you took an action in response to an ad we showed you on your phone on a different device.

 Information we obtain from these devices includes: 



Device attributes: information such as the operating system, hardware and software versions, battery level, signal strength, available storage space, browser type, app and file names and types, and plugins.

Device operations: information about operations and behaviors performed on the device, such as whether a window is foregrounded or backgrounded, or mouse movements (which can help distinguish humans from bots).

Identifiers: unique identifiers, device IDs, and other identifiers, such as from games, apps or accounts you use, and Family Device IDs (or other identifiers unique to Facebook Company Products associated with the same device or account).

Device signals: Bluetooth signals, and information about nearby Wi-Fi access points, beacons, and cell towers.

Data from device settings: information you allow us to receive through device settings you turn on, such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos.

Network and connections: information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, language, time zone, mobile phone number, IP address, connection speed and, in some cases, information about other devices that are nearby or on your network, so we can do things like help you stream a video from your phone to your TV.

Cookie data: data from cookies stored on your device, including cookie IDs and settings.
Learn more about how we use cookies in the Facebook Cookies Policy and Instagram Cookies Policy.
Information from partners.
Advertisers, app developers, and publishers can send us information through Facebook Business Tools they use, including our social plug-ins (such as the Like button), Facebook Login, our APIs and SDKs, or the Facebook pixel.
These partners provide information about your activities off Facebook—including information about your device, websites you visit, purchases you make, the ads you see, and how you use their services—whether or not you have a Facebook account or are logged into Facebook.
For example, a game developer could use our API to tell us what games you play, or a business could tell us about a purchase you made in its store.
We also receive information about your online and offline actions and purchases from third-party data providers who have the rights to provide us with your information.

 Partners receive your data when you visit or use their services or through third parties they work with.
We require each of these partners to have lawful rights to collect, use and share your data before providing any data to us.
Learn more about the types of partners we receive data from.

 To learn more about how we use cookies in connection with Facebook Business Tools, review the Facebook Cookies Policy and Instagram Cookies Policy.
Return to top How do we use this information? We use the information we have (subject to choices you make) as described below and to provide and support the Facebook Products and related services described in the Facebook Terms and Instagram Terms.
Here's how: Provide, personalize and improve our Products.
We use the information we have to deliver our Products, including to personalize features and content (including your News Feed, Instagram Feed, Instagram Stories and ads) and make suggestions for you (such as groups or events you may be interested in or topics you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
To create personalized Products that are unique and relevant to you, we use your connections, preferences, interests and activities based on the data we collect and learn from you and others (including any data with special protections you choose to provide).
how you use and interact with our Products.
and the people, places, or things you're connected to and interested in on and off our Products.
Learn more about how we use information about you to personalize your Facebook and Instagram experience, including features, content and recommendations in Facebook Products.
you can also learn more about how we choose the ads that you see.


Information across Facebook Products and devices: We connect information about your activities on different Facebook Products and devices to provide a more tailored and consistent experience on all Facebook Products you use, wherever you use them.
For example, we can suggest that you join a group on Facebook that includes people you follow on Instagram or communicate with using Messenger.
We can also make your experience more seamless, for example, by automatically filling in your registration information (such as your phone number) from one Facebook Product when you sign up for an account on a different Product.

Location-related information: We use location-related information-such as your current location, where you live, the places you like to go, and the businesses and people you're near-to provide, personalize and improve our Products, including ads, for you and others.
Location-related information can be based on things like precise device location (if you've allowed us to collect it), IP addresses, and information from your and others' use of Facebook Products (such as check-ins or events you attend).

Product research and development: We use the information we have to develop, test and improve our Products, including by conducting surveys and research, and testing and troubleshooting new products and features.

Face recognition: If you have it turned on, we use face recognition technology to recognize you in photos, videos and camera experiences.
The face-recognition templates we create may constitute data with special protections under the laws of your country.
Learn more about how we use face recognition technology, or control our use of this technology in Facebook Settings.
If we introduce face-recognition technology to your Instagram experience, we will let you know first, and you will have control over whether we use this technology for you.

Ads and other sponsored content: We use the information we have about you-including information about your interests, actions and connections-to select and personalize ads, offers and other sponsored content that we show you.
Learn more about how we select and personalize ads, and your choices over the data we use to select ads and other sponsored content for you in the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.
Provide measurement, analytics, and other business services.
We use the information we have (including your activity off our Products, such as the websites you visit and ads you see) to help advertisers and other partners measure the effectiveness and distribution of their ads and services, and understand the types of people who use their services and how people interact with their websites, apps, and services.
Learn how we share information with these partners.
Promote safety, integrity and security.
We use the information we have to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety and security on and off of Facebook Products.
For example, we use data we have to investigate suspicious activity or violations of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Communicate with you.
We use the information we have to send you marketing communications, communicate with you about our Products, and let you know about our policies and terms.
We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
Research and innovate for social good.
We use the information we have (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyze information we have about migration patterns during crises to aid relief efforts.
Learn more about our research programs.
Return to top How is this information shared? Your information is shared with others in the following ways: 
Sharing on Facebook ProductsPeople and accounts you share and communicate with When you share and communicate using our Products, you choose the audience for what you share.
For example, when you post on Facebook, you select the audience for the post, such as a group, all of your friends, the public, or a customized list of people.
Similarly, when you use Messenger or Instagram to communicate with people or businesses, those people and businesses can see the content you send.
Your network can also see actions you have taken on our Products, including engagement with ads and sponsored content.
We also let other accounts see who has viewed their Facebook or Instagram Stories.


Public information can be seen by anyone, on or off our Products, including if they don't have an account.
This includes your Instagram username.
any information you share with a public audience.
information in your public profile on Facebook.
and content you share on a Facebook Page, public Instagram account or any other public forum, such as Facebook Marketplace.
You, other people using Facebook and Instagram, and we can provide access to or send public information to anyone on or off our Products, including in other Facebook Company Products, in search results, or through tools and APIs.
Public information can also be seen, accessed, reshared or downloaded through third-party services such as search engines, APIs, and offline media such as TV, and by apps, websites and other services that integrate with our Products.

 Learn more about what information is public and how to control your visibility on Facebook and Instagram.
Content others share or reshare about you You should consider who you choose to share with, because people who can see your activity on our Products can choose to share it with others on and off our Products, including people and businesses outside the audience you shared with.
For example, when you share a post or send a message to specific friends or accounts, they can download, screenshot, or reshare that content to others across or off our Products, in person or in virtual reality experiences such as Facebook Spaces.
Also, when you comment on someone else's post or react to their content, your comment or reaction is visible to anyone who can see the other person's content, and that person can change the audience later.

 People can also use our Products to create and share content about you with the audience they choose.
For example, people can share a photo of you in a Story, mention or tag you at a location in a post, or share information about you in their posts or messages.
If you are uncomfortable with what others have shared about you on our Products, you can learn how to report the content.
Information about your active status or presence on our Products.
People in your networks can see signals telling them whether you are active on our Products, including whether you are currently active on Instagram, Messenger or Facebook, or when you last used our Products.
Apps, websites, and third-party integrations on or using our Products.
When you choose to use third-party apps, websites, or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Products, they can receive information about what you post or share.
For example, when you play a game with your Facebook friends or use a Facebook Comment or Share button on a website, the game developer or website can receive information about your activities in the game or receive a comment or link that you share from the website on Facebook.
Also, when you download or use such third-party services, they can access your public profile on Facebook, and any information that you share with them.
Apps and websites you use may receive your list of Facebook friends if you choose to share it with them.
But apps and websites you use will not be able to receive any other information about your Facebook friends from you, or information about any of your Instagram followers (although your friends and followers may, of course, choose to share this information themselves).
Information collected by these third-party services is subject to their own terms and policies, not this one.

 Devices and operating systems providing native versions of Facebook and Instagram (i.e.
where we have not developed our own first-party apps) will have access to all information you choose to share with them, including information your friends share with you, so they can provide our core functionality to you.


Note: We are in the process of restricting developers’ data access even further to help prevent abuse.
For example, we will remove developers' access to your Facebook and Instagram data if you haven't used their app in 3 months, and we are changing Login, so that in the next version, we will reduce the data that an app can request without app review to include only name, Instagram username and bio, profile photo and email address.
Requesting any other data will require our approval.New owner.
If the ownership or control of all or part of our Products or their assets changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Sharing with Third-Party Partners We work with third-party partners who help us provide and improve our Products or who use Facebook Business Tools to grow their businesses, which makes it possible to operate our companies and provide free services to people around the world.
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will.
We also impose strict restrictions on how our partners can use and disclose the data we provide.
Here are the types of third parties we share information with: Partners who use our analytics services.
We provide aggregated statistics and insights that help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with their posts, listings, Pages, videos and other content on and off the Facebook Products.
For example, Page admins and Instagram business profiles receive information about the number of people or accounts who viewed, reacted to, or commented on their posts, as well as aggregate demographic and other information that helps them understand interactions with their Page or account.
Advertisers.
We provide advertisers with reports about the kinds of people seeing their ads and how their ads are performing, but we don't share information that personally identifies you (information such as your name or email address that by itself can be used to contact you or identifies who you are) unless you give us permission.
For example, we provide general demographic and interest information to advertisers (for example, that an ad was seen by a woman between the ages of 25 and 34 who lives in Madrid and likes software engineering) to help them better understand their audience.
We also confirm which Facebook ads led you to make a purchase or take an action with an advertiser.
Measurement partners.
We share information about you with companies that aggregate it to provide analytics and measurement reports to our partners.
Partners offering goods and services in our Products.
When you subscribe to receive premium content, or buy something from a seller in our Products, the content creator or seller can receive your public information and other information you share with them, as well as the information needed to complete the transaction, including shipping and contact details.
Vendors and service providers.
We provide information and content to vendors and service providers who support our business, such as by providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Products are used, providing customer service, facilitating payments or conducting surveys.
Researchers and academics.
We also provide information and content to research partners and academics to conduct research that advances scholarship and innovation that support our business or mission, and enhances discovery and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
Law enforcement or legal requests.
We share information with law enforcement or in response to legal requests in the circumstances outlined below.
Learn more about how you can control the information about you that you or others share with third-party partners in the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.
Return to top How do the Facebook Companies work together? Facebook and Instagram share infrastructure, systems and technology with other Facebook Companies (which include WhatsApp and Oculus) to provide an innovative, relevant, consistent and safe experience across all Facebook Company Products you use.
We also process information about you across the Facebook Companies for these purposes, as permitted by applicable law and in accordance with their terms and policies.
For example, we process information from WhatsApp about accounts sending spam on its service so we can take appropriate action against those accounts on Facebook, Instagram or Messenger.
We also work to understand how people use and interact with Facebook Company Products, such as understanding the number of unique users on different Facebook Company Products.
Return to top How can I manage or delete information about me? We provide you with the ability to access, rectify, port and erase your data.
Learn more in your Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.

 We store data until it is no longer necessary to provide our services and Facebook Products, or until your account is deleted - whichever comes first.
This is a case-by-case determination that depends on things like the nature of the data, why it is collected and processed, and relevant legal or operational retention needs.
For example, when you search for something on Facebook, you can access and delete that query from within your search history at any time, but the log of that search is deleted after 6 months.
If you submit a copy of your government-issued ID for account verification purposes, we delete that copy 30 days after submission.
Learn more about deletion of content you have shared and cookie data obtained through social plugins.

 When you delete your account, we delete things you have posted, such as your photos and status updates, and you won't be able to recover that information later.
Information that others have shared about you isn't part of your account and won't be deleted.
If you don't want to delete your account but want to temporarily stop using the Products, you can deactivate your account instead.
To delete your account at any time, please visit the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.
Return to top How do we respond to legal requests or prevent harm? We access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others: 
In response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so.
This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States when we have a good-faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.
When we have a good-faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of the Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.
to protect ourselves (including our rights, property or Products), you or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries.
or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
For example, if relevant, we provide information to and receive information from third-party partners about the reliability of your account to prevent fraud, abuse and other harmful activity on and off our Products.
 Information we receive about you (including financial transaction data related to purchases made with Facebook) can be accessed and preserved for an extended period when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations of possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
We also retain information from accounts disabled for terms violations for at least a year to prevent repeat abuse or other term violations.
Return to top How do we operate and transfer data as part of our global services? We share information globally, both internally within the Facebook Companies, and externally with our partners and with those you connect and share with around the world in accordance with this policy.
Your information may, for example, be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in the United States or other countries outside of where you live for the purposes as described in this policy.
These data transfers are necessary to provide the services set forth in the Facebook Terms and Instagram Terms and to globally operate and provide our Products to you.
We utilize standard contract clauses, rely on the European Commission's adequacy decisions about certain countries, as applicable, and obtain your consent for these data transfers to the United States and other countries.
Return to top How will we notify you of changes to this policy? We'll notify you before we make changes to this policy and give you the opportunity to review the revised policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
Return to top How to contact Facebook with questions You can learn more about how privacy works on Facebook and on Instagram.
If you have questions about this policy, you can contact us as described below.
We may resolve disputes you have with us in connection with our privacy policies and practices through TrustArc.
You can contact TrustArc through its website.
Contact Us You can contact us online or by mail at: Facebook, Inc. ATTN: Privacy Operations 1601 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 94025 
 Date of Last Revision: April 19, 2018 
