
Terms of Use



Last Updated: 08/03/2017


These Terms of Use (“Terms”) apply to your access and use of this website, or the applications and other online products and services (collectively, our “Services”) provided by FaceApp.
(“FaceApp”&nbsp;or&nbsp;“we”).&nbsp;By accessing the FaceApp website or by downloading FaceApp’s mobile application, you agree to these Terms.
If you do not agree to these Terms, including the mandatory arbitration provision and class action waiver in Section 15, do not access or use our Services.

If you have any questions about these Terms or our Services, please contact us at&nbsp;support@faceapp.com

1.
Description of Services

FaceApp is an application based software that uses artificial intelligence algorithms to transform your photos or videos into works of art or change the background or foreground, overlay objects with different objects and clone/copy the style or effects from other image or video.
The artificial intelligence algorithms use styles inspired by various famous artists.
The application allows you to (a) take photos/videos using the application or (b) upload preexisting photos/videos onto the application.
You can also create new filters or effects using the application or website.
You can then apply different modifiedfilters or effects to the photos and videos.
Once you choose a filter or effect, FaceApp’s algorithm runs, transforming the photo.
You can then share the photos through social media sites or store them for personal use.
You can also display and distribute filters or effects you have created using FaceApp’s application or website, on the FaceApp application.

2.
Eligibility

You must be at least 13 years of age to access or use our Services.
If you are under 18 years of age (or the age of legal majority where you live), you may only access or use our Services under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms.
If you are a parent or legal guardian of a user under the age of 18 (or the age of legal majority), you agree to be fully responsible for the acts or omissions of such user in connection with our Services.
If you are accessing or using our Services on behalf of another person or entity, you represent that you are authorized to accept these Terms on that person or entity’s behalf and that the person or entity agrees to be responsible to us if you or the other person or entity violates these Terms.

3.
User Accounts and Account Security

You will need to use your credentials (e.g., username and password) from a third-party online platform to access some or all of our Services.
You must maintain the security of your third party account and promptly notify us if you discover or suspect that someone has accessed your account without your permission.
If you permit others to use your account credentials, you are responsible for the activities of such users that occur in connection with your account.

4.
Privacy

Please refer to our Privacy Policy&nbsp;https://www.faceapp.com/privacy&nbsp;for information about how we collect, use and disclose information about you.

5.
User Content

Our Services may allow you and other users to create, post, store and share content, including messages, text, photos, videos, software and other materials (collectively,&nbsp;“User Content”).
User Content does not include user-generated filters.
Except for the license you grant below, you retain all rights in and to your User Content, as between you and FaceApp.
Further, FaceApp does not claim ownership of any User Content that you post on or through the Services.
You grant FaceApp a perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, fully-paid, transferable sub-licensable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly perform and display your User Content and any name, username or likeness provided in connection with your User Content in all media formats and channels now known or later developed, without compensation to you.
When you post or otherwise share User Content on or through our Services, you understand that your User Content and any associated information (such as your [username], location or profile photo) will be visible to the public.
You grant FaceApp consent to use the User Content, regardless of whether it includes an individual’s name, likeness, voice or persona, sufficient to indicate the individual’s identity.
By using the Services, you agree that the User Content may be used for commercial purposes.
You further acknowledge that FaceApp’s use of the User Content for commercial purposes will not result in any injury to you or to any person you authorized to act on its behalf.
You acknowledge that some of the Services are supported by advertising revenue and may display advertisements and promotions, and you hereby agree that FaceApp may place such advertising and promotions on the Services or on, about, or in conjunction with your User Content.
The manner, mode and extent of such advertising and promotions are subject to change without specific notice to you.
You acknowledge that we may not always identify paid services, sponsored content, or commercial communications as such.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the User Content modified by you on or through the Services or otherwise have the right to grant the rights and licenses set forth in these Terms.
(ii) you agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owed by reason of User Content you stylize on or through the Services.
and (iii) you have the legal right and capacity to enter into these Terms in your jurisdiction.
You may not create, post, store or share any User Content that violates these Terms or for which you do not have all the rights necessary to grant us the license described above.
Although we have no obligation to screen, edit or monitor User Content, we may delete or remove User Content at any time and for any reason.
User Content removed from the Services may continue to be stored by FaceApp, including, without limitation, in order to comply with certain legal obligations.
FaceApp is not a backup service and you agree that you will not rely on the Services for the purposes of User Content backup or storage.
FaceApp will not be liable to you for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services, or the loss of any User Content.

6.
Prohibited Conduct and Content

You will not violate any applicable law, contract, intellectual property or other third-party right or commit a tort, and you are solely responsible for your conduct while accessing or using our Services.
You will not:

Engage in any harassing, threatening, intimidating, predatory or stalking conduct;
Use or attempt to use another user’s account without authorization from that user and FaceApp;
Use our Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other users from fully enjoying our Services or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of our Services in any manner;
Reverse engineer any aspect of our Services or do anything that might discover source code or bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any part of our Services;
Attempt to circumvent any content-filtering techniques we employ or attempt to access any feature or area of our Services that you are not authorized to access;
Develop or use any third-party applications that interact with our Services without our prior written consent, including any scripts designed to scrape or extract data from our Services;
Use our Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, or engage in, encourage or promote any activity that violates these Terms.

You may also only post or otherwise share User Content that is non-confidential and you have all necessary rights to disclose.
You may not create, post, store or share any User Content that:

Is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory or fraudulent;
Would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law;
May infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party;
Contains or depicts any statements, remarks or claims that do not reflect your honest views and experiences;
Impersonates, or misrepresents your affiliation with, any person or entity;
Contains any unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising or solicitations;
Contains any private or personal information of a third party without such third party’s consent;
Contains any viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files or content.
or
Is, in our sole judgment, objectionable or that restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying our Services, or that may expose FaceApp or others to any harm or liability of any type.

In addition, although we have no obligation to screen, edit or monitor User Content, we may delete or remove User Content at any time and for any reason.

7.
Limited License.
Copyright and Trademark

Our Services and the text, graphics, images, photographs, videos, illustrations, trademarks, trade names, page headers, button icons, scripts, service marks, logos, slogans, filters, user generated filters and other content contained therein (collectively, the&nbsp;“FaceApp Content”) are owned by or licensed to FaceApp and are protected under both United States and foreign laws.
Except as explicitly stated in these Terms, FaceApp and our licensors reserve all rights in and to our Services and the FaceApp Content.
You are hereby granted a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to access and use our Services and FaceApp Content for your own personal use.
however, such license is subject to these Terms and does not include any right to: (a) sell, resell or commercially use our Services or FaceApp Content.
(b) copy, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform or publicly display FaceApp Content, except as expressly permitted by us or our licensors.
(c) modify the FaceApp Content, remove any proprietary rights notices or markings, or otherwise make any derivative uses of our Services or FaceApp Content, except as expressly set forth in these Terms.
(d) use any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods.
or (e) use our Services or FaceApp Content other than as expressly provided in these Terms.
Any use of our Services or FaceApp Content other than as specifically authorized herein, without our prior written permission, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted under these Terms.
You will not remove, alter or conceal any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the FaceApp Content.

8.
Feedback

Any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, original or creative materials or other information you submit about FaceApp or our products or Services (collectively,&nbsp;“Feedback”), is non-confidential and will become the sole property of FaceApp.
We will own exclusive rights, including, without limitation, all intellectual property rights, in and to Feedback and will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of Feedback for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.

9.
Copyright Complaints

We have a policy of limiting access to our Services and terminating the accounts of users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
If you believe that anything on our Services infringes any copyright that you own or control, you may notify FaceApp’s Designated Agent as follows:
Designated Agent:
[Yaroslav Goncharov]
Address:
Wireless Lab OOO16 Avtovskaya 401Saint-Petersburg, 198096, Russia
Telephone Number:
(302) 504-4205
E-Mail Address:


Please see 17 U.S.C.
§512(c)(3) for the requirements of a proper notification.
Also, please note that if you knowingly misrepresent that any activity or material on our Services is infringing, you may be liable to FaceApp for certain costs and damages.

10.
Indemnification

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless FaceApp and each of our respective officers, directors, agents, partners and employees (individually and collectively, the&nbsp;“FaceApp Parties”) from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, expenses or costs (“Claims”) arising out of or related to (a) your access to or use of our Services.
(b) your User Content or Feedback.
(c) your violation of these Terms.
(d) your violation, misappropriation or infringement of any rights of another (including intellectual property rights or privacy rights).
or (e) your conduct in connection with our Services.
You agree to promptly notify FaceApp Parties of any third party Claims, cooperate with FaceApp Parties in defending such Claims and pay all fees, costs and expenses associated with defending such Claims (including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees).
You also agree that the FaceApp Parties will have control of the defense or settlement of any third party Claims.
This indemnity is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other indemnities set forth in a written agreement between you and FaceApp or the other FaceApp Parties.

11.
Disclaimers

We do not control, endorse or take responsibility for any User Content or third-party content available on or linked to by our Services.
Your use of our Services is at your sole risk.
Our Services are provided “as is” and “as available” without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement.
In addition, FaceApp does not represent or warrant that our Services are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free.
While FaceApp attempts to make your access to and use of our Services safe, we cannot and do not represent or warrant that our Services or servers are free of viruses or other harmful components.
You assume the entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Services.

12.
Limitation of Liability

FaceApp and the other FaceApp Parties will not be liable to you under any theory of liability—whether based in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, warranty, or otherwise—for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, punitive or special damages or lost profits, even if FaceApp or the other FaceApp Parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
The total liability of FaceApp and the other FaceApp Parties, for any claim arising out of or relating to these Terms or our Services, regardless of the form of the action, is limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to access or use our Services.
The limitations set forth in this section will not limit or exclude liability for the gross negligence, fraud or intentional misconduct of FaceApp or the other FaceApp Parties or for any other matters in which liability cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Additionally, some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.

13.
Release

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you release FaceApp and the other FaceApp Parties from responsibility, liability, claims, demands, and/or damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown (including, but not limited to, claims of negligence), arising out of or related to disputes between users and the acts or omissions of third parties.&nbsp;You expressly waive any rights you may have under California Civil Code § 1542 as well as any other statute or common law principles that would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims which you may know or suspect to exist in your favor at the time of agreeing to this release.


14.
Transfer and Processing Data

By accessing or using our Services, you consent to the processing, transfer and storage of information about you in and to the United States and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.

15.
Dispute Resolution.
Binding Arbitration


Please read the following section carefully because it requires you to arbitrate certain disputes and claims with FaceApp and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from us.

Except for small claims disputes in which you or FaceApp seek to bring an individual action in small claims court located in the county of your billing address or disputes in which you or FaceApp seeks injunctive or other equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of intellectual property, you and FaceApp waive your rights to a jury trial and to have any dispute arising out of or related to these Terms or our Services resolved in court.
Instead, all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or our Services will be resolved through confidential binding arbitration held in Santa Clara County, California in accordance with the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures (“Rules”) of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services (“JAMS”), which are available on the JAMS website and hereby incorporated by reference.
You either acknowledge and agree that you have read and understand the rules of JAMS or waive your opportunity to read the rules of JAMS and any claim that the rules of JAMS are unfair or should not apply for any reason.

You and FaceApp agree that any dispute arising out of or related to these Terms or our Services is personal to you and FaceApp and that any dispute will be resolved solely through individual arbitration and will not be brought as a class arbitration, class action or any other type of representative proceeding.

You and FaceApp agree that these Terms affect interstate commerce and that the enforceability of this Section 15 will be substantively and procedurally governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.
§ 1, et seq.
(the “FAA”), to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
As limited by the FAA, these Terms and the JAMS Rules, the arbitrator will have exclusive authority to make all procedural and substantive decisions regarding any dispute and to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court.
provided, however, that the arbitrator does not have the authority to conduct a class arbitration or a representative action, which is prohibited by these Terms.
The arbitrator may only conduct an individual arbitration and may not consolidate more than one individual’s claims, preside over any type of class or representative proceeding or preside over any proceeding involving more than one individual.
You and FaceApp agree that for any arbitration you initiate, you will pay the filing fee and FaceApp will pay the remaining JAMS fees and costs.
For any arbitration initiated by FaceApp, FaceApp will pay all JAMS fees and costs.
You and FaceApp agree that the state or federal courts of the State of California and the United States sitting in Santa Clara County, California have exclusive jurisdiction over any appeals and the enforcement of an arbitration award.

ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS OR OUR SERVICES MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM AROSE.
OTHERWISE, THE CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU AND FACEAPP WILL NOT HAVE THE RIGHT TO ASSERT THE CLAIM.

You have the right to opt out of binding arbitration within 30 days of the date you first accepted the terms of this Section 15 by notifying FaceApp in writing.
The notification must be sent to:
Wireless Lab OOO16 Avtovskaya 401Saint-Petersburg, 198096, Russia
In order to be effective, the opt out notice must include your full name and clearly indicate your intent to opt out of binding arbitration.
By opting out of binding arbitration, you are agreeing to resolve Disputes in accordance with Section 16.

16.
Governing Law and Venue

These Terms and your access to and use of our Services will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of California, without regard to conflict of law rules or principles (whether of California or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
Any dispute between the parties that is not subject to arbitration or cannot be heard in small claims court will be resolved in the state or federal courts of California and the United States, respectively, sitting in Santa Clara County, California.

17.
Changes to these Terms

We may make changes to these Terms from time to time.
If we make changes, we will post the amended Terms to our Services and update the “Last Updated” date above.
We may also attempt to notify you by sending an email notification to the address associated with your account, if any, or providing notice through our Services.
Unless we say otherwise in our notice, the amended Terms will be effective immediately and your continued access to and use of our Services after we provide notice will confirm your acceptance of the changes.
If you do not agree to the amended Terms, you must stop accessing and using our Services.

18.
Electronic Communications

By [creating a FaceApp account] [accessing or using the Services], you also consent to receive electronic communications from FaceApp (e.g., via email or by posting notices on our Services).
These communications may include notices about your account (e.g., payment authorizations, password changes and other transactional information) and are part of your relationship with us.
You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including, but not limited to, that such communications be in writing.

19.
Termination

We reserve the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your right to access or use our Services.
We are not responsible for any loss or harm related to your inability to access or use our Services.

20.
Severability

If any provision or part of a provision of these Terms is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from these Terms and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

21.
Additional Terms Applicable to iOS Devices

The following terms apply if you install, access or use the Services on any device that contains the iOS mobile operating system (the&nbsp;“App”) developed by Apple Inc.
(“Apple”).


Acknowledgement.
You acknowledge that these Terms are concluded solely between us, and not with Apple, and FaceApp, not Apple, is solely responsible for the App and the content thereof.
You further acknowledge that the usage rules for the App are subject to any additional restrictions set forth in the Usage Rules for the Apple App Store Terms of Service as of the date you download the App, and in the event of any conflict, the Usage Rules in the App Store shall govern if they are more restrictive.
You acknowledge and agree that you have had the opportunity to review the Usage Rules.

Scope of License.
The license granted to you is limited to a non-transferable license to use the App on any iPhone, iPod touch or iPad that you own or control as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service.

Maintenance and Support.
You and FaceApp acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App.

Warranty.
You acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for any product warranties, whether express or implied by law, with respect to the App.
In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price, if any, paid to Apple for the App by you.
and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App.
The parties acknowledge that to the extent that there are any applicable warranties, any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any such applicable warranty would be the sole responsibility of FaceApp.
However, you understand and agree that in accordance with these Terms, FaceApp has disclaimed all warranties of any kind with respect to the App, and therefore, there are no warranties applicable to the App.

Product Claims.
You and FaceApp acknowledge that as between Apple and FaceApp, FaceApp, not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims relating to the App or your possession and/or use of the App, including, but not limited to (a) product liability claims, (b) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement, and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.

Intellectual Property Rights.
The parties acknowledge that, in the event of any thirdparty claim that the App or your possession and use of the App infringe that third party’s intellectual property rights, FaceApp, and not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required under these Terms.

Legal Compliance.
You represent and warrant that (a) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and (b) you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.

Developer Name and Address.
Any questions, complaints or claims with respect to the App should be directed to:Wireless Lab OOO16 Avtovskaya 401Saint-Petersburg, 198096, Russia


Third-Party Terms of Agreement.
You agree to comply with any applicable third-party terms when using the Services.

Third-Party Beneficiary.
The parties acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that, upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof).


22.
Miscellaneous

These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and FaceApp relating to your access to and use of our Services.
The failure of FaceApp to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not operate as a waiver of such right or provision.
The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
Except as otherwise provided herein, these Terms are intended solely for the benefit of the parties and are not intended to confer third party beneficiary rights upon any other person or entity.
&nbsp; 
Privacy Policy

Effective date: January 20, 2017
This Privacy Policy explains how we and some of the companies we work with collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our mobile services, web site, and any software provided on or in connection with FaceApp services (collectively, the “Service”), and your choices about the collection and use of your information.
By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to process your content.
Our Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (“Users”).

1.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT

We collect the following types of information.
Information you provide us directly:
User Content (e.g., photos and other materials) that you post through the Service.
Communications between you and FaceApp.
For example, we may send you Service-related emails (e.g., changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).
Note that you may not opt out of Service-related e-mails.
Analytics information:
We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service.
These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service.
We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User.
Cookies and similar technologies:
When you visit the Service, we may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use FaceApp and provide features to you.
We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party.
Log file information:
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you make a request to access (i.e., visit) a web page or app.
It can also be provided when the content of the webpage or app is downloaded to your browser or device.
When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information, including your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
We may also collect similar information from emails sent to our Users which then help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients.
The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.
Device identifiers:
When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our Service, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more “device identifiers.” Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device.
A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device’s operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by FaceApp.
A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the Service and may help us or others provide reports or personalized content and ads.
Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.
Metadata:
Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with User Content.
For example, Metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of User Content was collected and how that content is formatted.
Users can add or may have Metadata added to their User Content including a hashtag (e.g., to mark keywords when you share a photo) or other data.

2.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION

In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to:

provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing
provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service
develop and test new products and features
monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns
diagnose or fix technology problems
automatically update the FaceApp application on your device


3.
SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION

We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside FaceApp (or the group of companies of which FaceApp is a part) without your consent, except as Parties with whom we may share your information: in this Policy.
Parties with whom we may share your information:
We may share User Content and your information (including but not limited to, information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data) with businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that FaceApp is part of, or that become part of that group (“Affiliates”).
Affiliates may use this information to help provide, understand, and improve the Service (including by providing analytics) and Affiliates’ own services (including by providing you with better and more relevant experiences).
But these Affiliates will honor the choices you make about who can see your photos.
We also may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that help us provide the Service to you (“Service Providers”).
Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms.
We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners.
This information would allow third-party ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties.
We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information.
Parties with whom you may choose to share your User Content:
Any information or content that you voluntarily process with the Service, such as User Content, becomes available to the FaceApp anonymously.
What happens in the event of a change of control:
If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of FaceApp or our assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your information such as User Content and any other information collected through the Service may be among the items sold or transferred.
You will continue to own your User Content.
The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy.
Responding to legal requests and preventing harm:
We may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so.
This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.
We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity.
to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations.
and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.

4.
HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION

Storage and Processing:
Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which FaceApp, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities.
FaceApp, its Affiliates, or Service Providers may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S.
law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S.
or to any other country in which FaceApp, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use commercially reasonable safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Service secure and take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account.
However, FaceApp cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to FaceApp or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
Please do your part to help us.
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to emails between you and FaceApp, at all times.
Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to FaceApp make to their services.
We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization.

5.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY

FaceApp does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13.
The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13.
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.

6.
OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES

We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them.

7.
HOW TO CONTACT US

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact us through the email&nbsp;support@faceapp.com.

9.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY

FaceApp may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically.
We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances.
Your continued use of FaceApp or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.