 Terms Of Service 
Terms of Service

Please read this Agreement carefully before using the Services.
By using the website http://FireApps.com (the “Site”), and applications, features and other content (collectively, the “Services”) offered by FireApps Ltd.
(“FireApps”), you signify your assent to become bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you do not have any right to use the Services.
The Services, owned and operated by FireApps, collect user and usage data to enable website and application owners to send e-mail messages efficiently to consumers based on their behavior.
This Agreement applies to all users of the Services.
Your use of the Services is an acknowledgment that you understand and agree to be bound by this Agreement, any fees applicable to you, any additional guidelines, FireApps’s Privacy Policy and Anti-Spam Policy, and any future modifications of this Agreement.
The Services are accessed by you (“User” or “you”) under the following terms and conditions:


 ACCESS TO THE SERVICES


Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, FireApps may provide the Services, which are selected by you, solely for your own use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party.
Services shall include, but not be limited to, the offering of any materials displayed or performed on the Site and related features (including, but not limited to text, data, software, graphics, photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips and video clips, also known as the “Content”).
FireApps may change, suspend or discontinue the Services for any reason, at any time, including the availability of any feature or Content.
FireApps may also restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability.
FireApps may modify this Agreement at any time by posting a notice on the Services, or by sending you a notice via e-mail or postal mail.
You shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications.
Your use of the Services following such notification constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as modified.
If at any time you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you must terminate your use of the Services.
You will still remain liable for any obligations incurred or charges accrued on or before the date of termination.
You certify to FireApps that if you are an individual (i.e., not a corporation) you are at least 18 years of age.
You also certify that you are legally permitted to use the Services and access the Site.
If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind such entity to this agreement, in which case the terms “you” or “your” shall refer to such entity.
This Agreement is void where prohibited by law, and the right to use the Services is revoked in such jurisdictions.
FireApps will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the Services are available twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week.
However, there will be occasions when the Services will be interrupted for maintenance, upgrades and emergency repairs or due to failure of telecommunications links and equipment.
Every reasonable step will be taken by FireApps to minimize such disruption where it is within FireApps’s reasonable control.
FireApps will not be liable in any event to you or any other party for any suspension, modification, discontinuance or lack of availability of the Site, the Services, your Customer Data or Results (as defined herein) or other content.


 CONTENT


You shall not store any significant portion of the Content in any form.
Copying or storing of any Content for other than personal, noncommercial use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from FireApps, or from the copyright holder identified in such Content’s copyright notice.
All trademarks, service marks, and trade names which appear on the Services are proprietary to FireApps or third parties.
You shall abide by all copyright notices and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services.
The Services are protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to U.S.
and other copyright laws.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, FireApps grants you a nonexclusive, nontransferable right and license (without right to sublicense) to access and use the Services, solely for your internal business purposes.
You may not (except as provided in this Section of this Agreement) modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce, create derivative works based on, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit, any of the Content, software, materials, or Services in whole or in part.


 CUSTOMER DATA


You acknowledge and agree that if you provide data regarding your end users or e-mail campaigns to FireApps in connection with your use of the Services (“Customer Data”), you hereby do and shall grant FireApps a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, transferable right to use, modify, reproduce, and display such Customer Data (including all related intellectual property rights) to (i) provide the Services and (ii) improve the Services’ ability to deliver web and application analytics services to you.
You warrant, represent and agree that you have the right to grant FireApps the rights set forth above.
You represent and warrant that you own all right, title and interest, or possess sufficient license rights, in and to the Customer Data as may be necessary to permit the use contemplated under this Agreement.
You bear all responsibility and liability for the accuracy, completeness, quality, integrity, legality, reliability, appropriateness, and intellectual property ownership or right of the Customer Data and FireApps’s access, possession and use as permitted herein.
You represent, warrant and agree that you will not contribute any Customer Data that (a) infringes or violates any copyright or trademark or trade secret of another party, (b) infringes any intellectual property right or the privacy or publicity rights of another, © is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, harassing, hateful, offensive or otherwise violates any law or right of any third party, (d) contains a virus, trojan horse, worm, or other computer programming routine or engine intended to detrimentally interfere with any system, data or information, or (e) causes damage to the systems of FireApps or its customers in any way.
If you disclose Customer Data which includes personally identifiable information (“PII”) of end users of your site or application (“Customer Site”) to FireApps, you represent and warrant that: (i) you comply with all applicable laws relating to the collection, use and disclosure of PII on your Customer Site.
(ii) you have posted and maintain a privacy policy on your Customer Site, which clearly and conspicuously discloses that: (a) you use third-party service providers to provide services to you in connection with your operation of your Customer Site, including the collection and tracking of certain data and information regarding the characteristics and activities of visitors to such Customer Site.
and (b) you may disclose end user PII to certain such third-party service providers in connection with their provision of services to you.
and (iii) you have made all required notifications and obtained all required consents and authorizations from your end users relating to the disclosure of end user PII to a third party service provider like FireApps.
You further acknowledge and agree that your indemnity obligation under the “Indemnity” section below applies to your disclosure of end user PII under this Agreement.
FireApps reserves the right to remove any Customer Data from the Site and the Services at any time, for any reason or for no reason at all.
FireApps may, but is not obligated to, monitor Customer Data and remove any content or prohibit any use of the Services, including by refusing to send e-mail to your end users, if FireApps believes in its sole discretion such content or use may be (or is alleged to be) in violation of these Terms of Service or any applicable laws or may impact delivery.
All information transmitted through the Services is the sole responsibility of the party from whom such information originated.
FireApps does not assume liability for any Customer Data.
You are responsible for all Customer Data submitted under your account, including Customer Data contributed by a third party under your account.
Any feedback relating to the Services (“Feedback”) submitted to FireApps shall become the property of FireApps.
FireApps will not be required to treat any Feedback as confidential, and will not be liable for any ideas or incur any liability as a result of any similarities that may appear in our future Services, or operations.


 RESULTS


Unless otherwise agreed by the parties and subject to FireApps’s rights set forth in this Section 4, you shall own all right, title and interest (including all intellectual property and other proprietary rights) in and to all data developed using your Customer Data during the performance of the Services and delivered to you by FireApps (“Results”).
Results are works made for hire to the extent allowed by law, and FireApps makes all assignments to you necessary to accomplish the foregoing ownership.
You hereby grant FireApps a limited, non-exclusive right (i) to disclose your Results to FireApps’s employees and agents solely as required for them to provide FireApps with their products and services, and (ii) to disclose your Results to comply with court order, law, or direction by a governmental or regulatory agency (in which event, FireApps will use reasonable efforts to provide prior written notice to you of such disclosure and the opportunity to object to such disclosure or to seek confidential treatment of such data), and (iii) to use your Results to operate, manage, and maintain the Services, and to improve the Services’ ability to deliver web and application analytics services to you.
FireApps may compile and analyze Results and prepare reports and other work product using the aggregate Results compiled from you and other customers.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, FireApps shall have exclusive ownership rights to, and the exclusive right to use, such compiled Results for any purpose, including, but not limited to advertising, marketing, and improvement of the Services.
FireApps shall not distribute compiled Results in a manner that identifies you without first obtaining your prior written consent.
FireApps has no obligation to store any Results after delivery of such Results to you.
FireApps reserves the right to withhold, remove or discard Results without notice for any breach of this Agreement by you, including, without limitation, your non-payment of fees due hereunder.
Upon termination of this Agreement for your breach, FireApps shall have no obligation to maintain or forward any Results to you.


 RESTRICTIONS


You are responsible for all of your activity in connection with the Services.
You may not post or transmit, or cause to be posted or transmitted, any communication designed or intended to obtain password, account, or private information from any FireApps user.
FireApps will not be liable for any failures in the Services or other problems which are related to your Customer Data or any equipment or service outside of FireApps’s facilities or control.
You shall not use any part of the Site or Services to violate the security of any computer network, crack passwords or security encryption codes, transfer or store material that is deemed threatening or obscene, or engage in any kind of illegal activity.
You will not run Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder, or spam on the Site or through the Services.
You will use the Services only in compliance with all applicable laws (including but not limited to policies and laws related to spamming, privacy, intellectual property, consumer and child protection, obscenity, or defamation).
You represent, warrant and covenant that your use of the Services shall at all times comply with FireApps’s Anti-Spam Policy, as may be amended by FireApps from time to time, and you will not access or use third party mailing lists in connection with preparing or distributing e-mail through the Services.


 WARRANTY DISCLAIMER


FireApps has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you.
You acknowledge that FireApps has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gain access to the Services.
what Results you may obtain via the Services.
what effect the Content may have on you.
how you may interpret or use the Results.
or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content.
You release FireApps from all liability for your having acquired or not acquired Content and Results through the Services.
FireApps does not manage or control any business or individual that you may interact with through the Services, and FireApps accepts no responsibility or liability for any act or omission by such entity.
You hereby waive any and all legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against FireApps with respect to acts and omissions by such entities.
&nbsp;
The Services may contain, or direct you to sites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate.
FireApps makes no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Services, and FireApps will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services.
THE SERVICES, CONTENT, RESULTS, SITE AND ANY SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
&nbsp;
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, FIREAPPS DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, COMPLETENESS, LEGALITY OR OPERABILITY OF THE MATERIAL PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICES.
BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT FIREAPPS IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY HARM RESULTING FROM (1) USE OF THE SERVICES.
(2) DOWNLOADING INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THE SERVICES.
(3) UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OF IMAGES, INFORMATION OR DATA THROUGH THE SERVICES.
AND (4) THE INABILITY TO ACCESS OR RETRIEVE ANY RESULTS FROM THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, HARM CAUSED BY VIRUSES OR ANY SIMILAR DESTRUCTIVE PROGRAM.


 THIRD PARTY SITES AND SERVICES


Users of FireApps may gain access from the Services to third party sites on the Internet.
Third party sites or services are not within the supervision or control of FireApps.
FireApps makes no representations or warranties about any third party site or resource, and does not endorse the products or services offered by third parties.
FireApps disclaims all responsibility and liability for content on third party websites.
You hereby irrevocably waive any claim against FireApps with respect to third party content.
Third party providers of ancillary services may require your agreement to additional or different license or other terms prior to your use or access of their sites or services.
Any such agreement shall not in any way modify your Agreement here with FireApps.


 REGISTRATION AND SECURITY


As a condition to using Services, you may be required to supply FireApps with certain registration information.
You shall provide FireApps with accurate, complete, and updated registration information.
Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of this Agreement, which may result in termination of your access to and use of the Services.
You shall never use another User’s account or registration information, for FireApps’s or any third party services you access through FireApps, without permission.
FireApps reserves the right to refuse registration of or cancel an account in its discretion.
You shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your FireApps password and for all activity of any person who accesses the Services using your password.
You irrevocably authorize FireApps to disclose your personally identifiable information or the personally identifiable information of your end users collected by FireApps at the request of any state, federal or other governmental agency or in response to any judicial process (including, without limitation, a subpoena).
&nbsp;


 INDEMNITY


You will indemnify and hold FireApps, its directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives harmless, including costs and attorneys’ fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of your access to or use of the Services, your violation of this Agreement, or your infringement, or the infringement by any third party using your registration information, of any intellectual property, or other right of any person or entity, including but not limited to any third party claims relating to your disclosure of end personally identifiable information of your end users to FireApps.


 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY


IN NO EVENT SHALL FIREAPPS, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, MEMBERS, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND.
(B) DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, PROFITS, DATA, IMAGES, CUSTOMER DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLES.
© DAMAGES FOR UNAUTHORIZED USE, NON-PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE, ERRORS OR OMISSIONS.
OR (D) DAMAGES RELATED TO DOWNLOADING OR USING RESULTS.
FIREAPPS’S LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THE SERVICES DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DAY THE ACT OR OMISSION OCCURRED THAT GAVE RISE TO YOUR CLAIM.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.


 TERMINATION.
FEES


Either party may terminate the Services at any time by notifying the other party by any means.
FireApps may also terminate or suspend any and all Services immediately, without prior notice or liability, if you breach any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement.
Any fees paid hereunder are non-refundable.
Upon any such termination, your right to use the Services and access Results will immediately cease.
All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnification obligations, and limitations of liability.
&nbsp;
FireApps may charge a monthly subscription fee for use of the Services.
In the event you purchase paid Services, your credit card will be charged based on our policy and the policies of our partners’ platforms such as: Shopify, WooCommerce, BigCommerce, Magento, Prestashop, etc..
You may cancel your FireApps subscription at any time, but once you have been charged a subscription fee, there are no refunds, partial or in full, for that fee.


 PRIVACY


Please review our Privacy Policy, which governs the use of personal information by FireApps and to which you agree to be bound as a user of the Services.


 DISPUTE RESOLUTION


A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Any cause of action arising out of or related to the Services must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action arose.
otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Singapore.
Any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of this Agreement shall be finally settled by the state and federal courts located in Singapore.
Use of the Services is not authorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation, this section.


 MISCELLANEOUS


The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.
FireApps shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond FireApps’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation.
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with FireApps’s prior written consent.
FireApps may transfer, assign or delegate this Agreement and any or all of its rights and obligations without consent.
FireApps may publicly disclose in writing that customers who purchase paid Services are customers and may use their trademarks, service marks or trade name solely in connection with such disclosures.
This Agreement (including the Privacy Policy and Anti-Spam Policy) is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.
No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and you do not have any authority to bind FireApps in any respect whatsoever.
Any notice that is required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon receipt, when sent by confirmed e-mail to support@fireapps.io.
&nbsp;
Copyright 2018 FireApps Ltd.
All rights reserved.
   Privacy Policy 
Privacy Policy

By visiting the website located at https://fireapps.io and any other applications and features (collectively, the “Site”) and using the services (the “Services”) provided by FireApps Ltd.
(“FireApps” or “us”), you consent to our use and processing of your information as set forth herein.
This Privacy Policy covers FireApps’s treatment of personal information that FireApps gathers when you are on the Site or use the Services and that our customers and business partners share with FireApps.
These privacy practices apply to FireApps’s customers and any internet users that visit the websites, applications or other features offered by FireApps’s customers (collectively, “Customer Sites”).
This policy does not apply to third parties that FireApps does not own or control.
Any order forms or additional agreements to which users agree governing the provision of optional FireApps features shall take precedence over the terms of this Privacy Policy to the extent of any differences, so please read such order forms or additional agreements carefully.
&nbsp;


Collection of Information from Customer Site End Users


&nbsp;
This section describes our policies for internet users that visit Customer Sites.
Information Collected by FireApps
In the course of providing user and usage data analytics Services to our customers, FireApps collects both non-personally identifiable and personally identifiable information about end users of Customer Sites.
Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) collected by FireApps includes data such as your name, address, phone number, or email address, which you have provided to the Customer Site.
FireApps will not collect your password for any Customer Site or credit card information you have supplied to any Customer Site.
We do not purchase or receive information about you from third parties (other than our customers).
FireApps also collects non-personally identifiable information about you from Customer Sites you visit, including the following types of data:
Standard Data – common information found in every communication sent over the internet.
Using this information, FireApps can infer information such as browser type (e.g., Chrome or Internet Explorer).
operating system (e.g,.
Macintosh or Windows).
browser language (e.g., Java or Unix).
and internet service provider (e.g., Verizon Fios or AOL)
Clickstream Data – FireApps can infer how you use our Customer Sites and various pages on the internet.
FireApps may use this PII and non-personally identifiable information to provide our Services to our customers.
Aggregated Personal Information: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services, FireApps often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Information and other information provided to us.
This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and FireApps may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners.
This aggregate information does not identify you personally.
FireApps may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
We partner with third parties that collect information across various channels, including offline and online, for purposes of delivering more relevant advertising to you.
We may share personal information with them if you have submitted such information to us, such as your email address, solely in hashed, or non-human readable form.
Our partners may link the personal information we share with them to the cookie stored on your browser or device, and they may collect information such as your IP address, browser or operating system type and version, and demographic or inferred-interest information.
Our partners use this information to recognize you across different channels and platforms over time for advertising, analytics, attribution, and reporting purposes.
To learn more about interest-based advertising in general and to opt out, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices.

Cookies

Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our Site are visited and by how many people.
Like most internet sites, FireApps uses cookies to enhance our users’ and customers’ experience on the internet.
These cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or what your name or e-mail address is.
Most browsers allow you to prevent the browser from accepting new cookies, to be notified when you receive a new cookie, or to disable cookies.
To disable cookies set by FireApps, simply contact us at support@fireapps.io and we will provide you with an opt-out.

Data Retention

Cookies set on behalf of FireApps expire after three years and the expiration date updates every time you encounter our server.
FireApps retains standard web log data 10 years after you visit a Customer Site, and aggregations and reports for up to 20 years after you visit a Customer Site.

Consumer Choice and Access

The process for individual internet users to review and/or request changes to their PII collected by FireApps is outlined in the Additional Policies section below.
&nbsp;


Collection of Information from FireApps Customers


&nbsp;
This section describes our policies for end users of the FireApps Site and Services, FireApps customers, and corporate partners.

Information You Provide to Us

We receive and store any information you enter on the Site or through the Services or provide to us in any other way.
You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
We use PII provided by you for such purposes as responding to your requests for Services, customizing the content you see, communicating with you about our products, and marketing our Services to you.
In order for you to use all of our features, you must register with FireApps.
We require your e-mail address and password during the registration process.
Further information may be required if you choose to purchase paid components of the Services, such as credit card and billing information.
FireApps uses third party partners for credit card processing who may require and store your credit card and billing information.

Automatic Information

We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us.
FireApps automatically receives and records “traffic data” on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, FireApps cookie information, and pages you request.
FireApps uses this traffic data to analyze trends and administer the Site.
Our service automatically collects usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our Site and its components.
This data is only used in the aggregate.
This type of collective data enables us to figure out how often users use different parts of the Site and Services.
In addition, we may provide statistical collective user information, not information about you personally, to our partners so that they understand how often people use specific components of our Site and Services.

E-mail Communications

If you purchase FireApps’s online tools to collect and analyze user and usage data for your Customer Site through the Site or Services, FireApps will communicate with you about the services you purchase by e-mail.
You consent to receiving such confirmations by e-mail.
If you contact us via e-mail through the Site, we may retain a record of your contact information and any information you provide us in your message to respond to you.
We may receive a confirmation when you open an e-mail from FireApps.
We may also send e-mails with service updates, news or promotions.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, please contact us at support@fireapps.io.
If you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Site and Services.

Information From Other Sources

To improve our Services, we may receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
Like the information you provide to us, we do not share this information with anyone except authorized third parties in connection with providing you with our Services.

Cookies

Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our Site are visited and by how many people.
FireApps cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or what your name or e-mail address is.
Most browsers allow you to prevent the browser from accepting new cookies, to be notified when you receive a new cookie, or to disable cookies.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our Site.
However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
&nbsp;


Disclosure of Information


&nbsp;
There are certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Information or other information with third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:
End Customers: If you enter your Personal Information in any Tool on an End Customer’s website, we may share such Personal Information with the applicable End Customer and such End Customer’s service providers, as requested by such End Customer.
Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets.
In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Information may be part of the transferred assets.
Related Companies: We may also share your Personal Information with our affiliates for purposes consistent with this Policy.

Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties: FireApps, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies or individuals to perform certain business-related functions.
When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.

Legal Requirements: FireApps may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with a legal obligation, (b) protect and defend the rights or property of FireApps, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public, or (d) protect against legal

Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control

FireApps may provide services or sell products jointly with affiliated businesses.
We will share customer information that is related to such transactions with those affiliated businesses.
FireApps may share aggregated demographic information with customers in connection with the provision of the Services.

Agents

We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products and services.
Examples include billing, processing payments, providing marketing assistance, and providing customer service.
Our agents subscribe to the same level of privacy protection as we do.
Financial and billing information is collected through the Site and Services directly by a third-party intermediary and is used solely to bill for the Services.
FireApps does not receive your billing information from this third-party intermediary, who may store, retain, and use the information provided solely for the purpose of credit card processing.

Promotional Offers

We may send offers to our customers on behalf of other businesses or provide our customers with the opportunity to notify end users directly of promotions by text messages or e-mail.
If you do not wish to receive these offers, please e-mail us at support@fireapps.io.
&nbsp;


Additional Policies (GDPR Compliment)


&nbsp;

Information Security

Your FireApps account information is protected by a password for your privacy and security.
We use industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software to protect the security of your PII during transmission, which encrypts all of the information you input.
Only employees or agents who need personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to it.
All of our employees are kept up to date on our privacy and security practices.
While FireApps uses commercially reasonable means to secure your information, we do not guarantee that your personal information will not be improperly accessed, disclosed, or destroyed by breach of any of our safeguards.

Accessing Information

You are able to access, add to, update certain information about you.
When you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records.

You may deactivate and wipe all off your data on FireApps account anytime.
Some information may remain in our records after deletion of your account.
Please contact us at support@fireapps.io if you have questions or concerns about accessing your PII.

Conditions of Use

Your use of the Site and Services and any possible dispute over privacy are subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including limitations on damages, dispute resolution, and application of Singapore state law.

Use of FireApps by Children

FireApps is not intended for children.
If you are under 13, you may use the Site and Services only with the supervision of your parent or guardian.

Third Party Sites

The Site and Services may permit you to link to other websites on the Internet, and other websites may contain links to the Site or Services.
These other websites are not under FireApps’s control and FireApps is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

FireApps may amend this Privacy Policy.
Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used.

Questions or Concerns

If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy at FireApps, please send us a detailed message to support@fireapps.io.
Your privacy is important to us and we will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
 