Privacy Policy 
Privacy Policy for Flattr Privacy Notice (short version)Privacy Policy (long version)Privacy Information: Voluntary opt in to send anonymized data to us

Declaration of Consent

Annex to Declaration of Consent: List of domains Privacy Notice (short version) The following privacy notice shall provide you with a general overview about the collection and processing (hereinafter together referred to as "processing") of your personal data.
For more information regarding our processing activities, please view our complete Privacy Policy. What kind of personal data do we process? 

While using the Flattr Extension (automatically).
All data is saved locally in the Extension in your browser (and will - without your prior consent - never be transferred to and/or accessed by us)a) Information relating the Extension itself: 

Operating system
Extension state changes: 
authentication
update and reason for update
Startup



b) Your interaction with the Extension: 

Adding or removing domains to or from your own flattr enabled/ disabled lists
Manually flattring URLs
Looking at your list of flattrs within the icon popup
Dismissing a notification

c) Your browsing behavior:

Interaction data
Browsing data
Navigation data



While using our websites:a) Automatically:

The referrer URL, only when accessing our website via an Affiliate link 

b) Voluntary:

Account registration data
Profile data
Bank details
Transaction data
KYC data
Anonymized Extension data (with prior opt-in only)
social media channels added to your profile
Newsletter:
Name
Email address




How do we collect data? List of techniques and tools we use for data collection:

In connection with our Extension:
HTTP requests to the server


On our websites:
Cookies
Analytics service
Newsletter sign-up form


How and why do process your data? 
To provide our services to you
To improve and to evaluate Flattr
To create flattrs and contribute them
To improve our website
To create custom ad audience and audience targeting, measure conversion rates and determine the effectiveness of marketing campaigns.
To send you newsletters, if requested
How long do we keep data? Extension data: 
Deleted in connection with Extension deletion:
Events, unless submitted to us
Flattrs
Session data
Domains (black-/whitelisted)


Events, you have actively submitted to us: 35 days after each beta feedback submission.

Daily deletion after history processing (unless it fails):
Session
Visits


User profiles Kept for the term of the agreement, except for

number of flattrs, which are retained for a period of six (6) months after deletion of the account.
* flattr with a receiving creator or publisher: connection to a Contributor automatically deleted after three (3) months after respective flattr.
unclaimed flattrs will be anonymized after one (1) month after used in a distribution.
profile name, flattred URL, except for domain and day of flattr, and the public profile of creators and publishers for a period of three (3) months.
URLs without a recipient for one (1) month after subscription period.

Transaction data: 
historic data for three (3) months
basic transaction data for tax purposes in accordance with tax retention periods
Analytics data For 180 days. Data sent with your consent: Identifier will be removed three (3) months after submission. What is the legal basis of data processing? We process your personal data in compliance with the European General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (“GDPR”), the applicable EU laws and Swedish and German national data protection laws. Our values We collect as little data as possible.
As far as anonymous or pseudonymous use is possible we anonymize or pseudonymize your data. What rights do you have? 
Receiving and accessing information about the personal data stored by us about you.
Rectification of inaccurate personal data and restricting details.
Receiving your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, as well as having such data transmitted to another controller (‘data portability’).
Request erasure of your data, unless such data needs to be retained for legal purposes.
Object to the processing of your data.

including withdraw your consent at any time, when you have provided us with your consent to the processing of personal data.
Lodge a complaint with the respective supervisory authority.
Questions? Email our Data Protection Officer, Judith Nink: privacy AT flattr DOT com Privacy Policy (long version) Your protection and data confidentiality is of utmost importance to us (“Flattr” “we” “our”).
that is why we take protecting your personal data very seriously and collect as little data as possible.
Nevertheless, some personal data is necessary to provide the services of our website flattr.com (hereinafter referred to “Website”), and our extension (hereinafter referred to as “Extension”, Website and Extension hereinafter referred to as “Services”).
This Privacy Policy shall inform you about the personal data we collect and how exactly that data is processed.
We gather and use personal data firmly within the provisions of the European General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (“GDPR”), the applicable EU Laws and German and Swedish national data protection.
In the following text we will inform you about the specific data, the scope and the purpose of the collection and use of personal data by us when using the Services, the legal basis for such collection and processing as well as your rights to protect your personal data.
The Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that Flattr does not own or control, or to individuals that Flattr does not employ or manage.
“You”, “Your” and “Yourself” refer to anyone visiting our Website or using the Extension. Who is responsible for the data collection and processing (contacts)? Controller The legal person responsible for the collection, processing and / or use of personal data in connection with all Flattr Services (“Controller”) is:
Flattr ABBox 411120312 MalmöSweden Contact our Data Protection Officer If you have any questions regarding your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer: 
Dr.
Judith Nink Phone: +49 (0) 221 / 65028 598 Email: privacy AT flattr DOT com Fax: +49 (0) 221 / 65028 599 What is personal data? The purpose of data protection is to protect personal data.
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”).
An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular, by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

This information includes, for example, details such as name, postal address, email address or telephone number, but also nicknames and / or information about your interests. What kind of data do we Collect and Process and how? We Collect and Process as little data as possible to provide our services sufficiently.
We do Collect some, but very little, and not more than needed, (personal) data on (i) the Website and (ii) the Extension.
PLEASE NOTE: “Collection” and “Processing” of personal data does not mean, that the data leaves your device.
Most of the data the Extension Collects and/or Processes stays in your browser and remains under your control.
As described in this Privacy Policy only a small amount of data and (wherever possible in pseudonymised form), will be transferred to us.
We nevertheless, would like to inform you about every single details in connection with your personal data. Definitions “Collection” of/ To “Collect” personal data means any acquisition of data about you, including any accessing of personal data.
“Processing” of personal data means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. Collection and Processing on our Website Affiliate program (automatically) When you enter via a link from one of our affiliate partners profile pages on Flattr.com, we also Collect the profile on Flattr.com from which you are visiting us (referrer profile).
This referer profile will be only Processed for payouts to the respective affiliate under our affiliate program.
 Your Flattr account (mandatory) As the Extension’s main functionality is to contribute to the content that you love and for content creators or publishers to receive this money, to make use of all its advantages, independent from your role, you have to register by adding an email address and choosing a password.
We may use your email address to verify it, to respond to your requests, send you reports, transfer subscription payments, etc.
To create your account, you also need to enter your name and, if applicable, the name of your business, date of birth, nationality and your country of residence.
This data is needed for Processing transactions.
Depending on your role, you need to provide us with additional personal data: Contributor accounts / profiles As a user who is only using the Services for contributing to content (hereinafter referred to as “Contributor”), you must provide us with your payment information (e.g.
credit card) in order to set a subscription and process your contributions to content creators or publishers you have flattred.
You can also use the automatic flattering of new content from content platforms and social networks.
Therefore, you can grant us access to you list of social media subscriptions (for each social media network you would like to flattr channels automatically) and a the respective channel you wish to be flattred automatically.
We do not store your list of subscriptions you have on the respective platform or social network.
We are only storing the information about the channels you have added.
You can remove channels at any time.
The connection to a you as a Contributor to a flattr with a receiving creator or publisher will be deleted automatically three (3) months after you have flattred the respective content.
We delete unclaimed flattrs after a second cycle, so users can see them for one (1) more month after they were used in a distribution.
After, we only keep the anonymized statistics on a domain level. Individual creator accounts As an individual content creator who can both receive payments and contribute to content, you must also enter payment information in order to process your contributions to content creators you have flattred.
For regulatory reasons, our payment provider must verify your account before you can withdraw any contributions.
In this case, you need to provide our payment provider with a copy of your passport and a postal address.
If you are representing a registered business, our payment provider will need further information in order to verify your account.
For receiving contributions, you must also enter the website(s) where your content is published and / or log in to the respective social media platforms and create a public profile on Flattr to help Flattr users to identify you more easily.

Content creators can be individuals, organizations or businesses.
 Publisher accounts As a business or organization publishing content, you must enter the website(s) where your content is published and / or connect any social media platforms you produce content on, as well as bank information, in order to receive contributions.
This includes your postal address and details of your bank account.

For regulatory reasons, our payment provider must verify your account before you can withdraw any contributions.
This requires you to provide the payment provider with further information.
You also need to create a public profile to help Flattr users to identify you more easily.
 Profiles In order to help Flattr users to identify you more easily when contributing to your content, you need to create a public profile where you may enter a name, which will be displayed in connection with your profile, a profile headline and a description about you or the company you are representing.
Furthermore, you may upload a company logo and / or a cover image.
We delete the profile name, flattred URL, except for domain and day of flattr, and the public profile of creators and publishers after a period of three (3) months.
URLs without a recipient will be deleted after one (1) month after the end of a subscription period.
 Transactions and Collection of data (mandatory) All transactions will be carried out by an external payment provider via the payment provider’s system (currently MANGOPAY SA, seated in Luxembourg).
Flattr only has access to those transactions for support reasons.

Transaction data of contributions from Contributors to a publisher or a creator are deleted as follows: Historic data are kept for three (3) months and basic transaction data are kept in accordance with tax retention periods for tax purposes only. Verification information (mandatory for payouts) Because of legal obligations related to the payment provider’s license as an Electronic Money Issuer, the payment provider must verify your account before you can withdraw any money.
These verification obligations are necessary in order to fight fraud, money laundering and the financing of terrorism.
The verification process requires you to upload specific information and / or documents, which will be uploaded and stored on our payment provider’s systems only.
The documents will be solely used for authentication purposes.
We do not have access to those documents.
The information / documents you must upload include: 

A scan of your or your legal representative’s passport/ID or other identification document.
For German users: You are entitled, at your sole discretion, to redact the serial number and the access number on your ID and/or passport before uploading it.
A scan proving your registration as a company
A scan of the articles of association
A shareholder declaration
Deletion of accounts When deleting an account, all account data will be deleted directly, except for the following data, which must be retained for accounting purposes and/or for providing the Flattr service for a short period and will be automatically deleted at the end of the respective period:


Contributors: 
Flattrs, meaning the number of flattrs including the flattred URL, will be retained for a period of six (6) months after deletion of the account.
This is required for content creators’ and/or Publisher’s accounting.
The flattrs cannot be connected to you.

URLs without a recipient will be retained for one (1) more month after the end of the subscription period.


Content creators/Publishers: For accounting reasons the profile name, flattred URL and the public profile will be retained for a period of three (3) months.
Web Analytics We use Matomo, an open-source web analytics software, on flattr.com.
Matomo uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help us analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address anonymized prior to its storage) will be stored on our servers.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.


You can deactivate analytics by clicking on Opt-Out.

Analytics data will be automatically deleted after 180 days. Newsletter Flattr provides You with various newsletter services free of charge.
We use the newsletter to inform you about new products and send you general information about Flattr.
You can choose which newsletters you would like to receive by ticking the respective boxes in your profile.
Of course you can unsubscribe the newsletter at any time by opting-out in your profile settings.
In addition, every newsletter contains the information on how you can unsubscribe the newsletter with effect for the future.
 Collection and Processing in the Flattr Extension (automatically) For the purpose of providing the Services, which includes what content will be flattred, the Extension automatically Collects data.
The Extension runs in your browser on your device.
All data Collected when using the Extension will be stored and Processed in the Extension itself and will NOT be transferred to Flattr and / or eyeo GmbH (Flattr’s parent company) and, of course, not to any other third party, except for the URL you have flattered, which will be transferred to Flattr. This data is used by the Extension to decide automatically when and what will be flattred.
The Extension Collects and Processes the following data to flattr the respective content:  Information related to the Extension (automatically) When using the Extension, we will automatically Collect the following data:

Operating system
Extension state changes
authentication
update and reason for update
startup



This information will be used for improving our Services and for security purposes.
When connecting the Extension with your account, Extension ID and version will be exchanged with flattr.com for security reasons.
 Your browsing behavior in the Extension (automatically) The function of the extension is to determine what content (normally a URL) to flattr.
Within the Extension only, we record interaction, browsing and navigation data to identify the content to flattr so your flattrs are actually given to the content you consume, you engage with and you pay attention to.
This is only done locally in your browser and this data is never sent to us.


Within the Extension, meaning in your browser, under your control and not being sent to us, current measures to detect activity / inactivity are

browsing data and timestamps, specifically URLs you visit (including previously visited pages) and the page title, on some multi-author pages (currently youtube.com only) the author of the respective webpage, 
information about tabs (creating, selecting, moving or closing tabs in the user interface, including which window and at which position the tab was created, as well as which window created it in case of popups, and whether a tab is audible and/or muted and also when this status changes), 
page load statuses to identify error pages, and browser idle state changes.




Also within the Extension, meaning in your browser, under your control and not being sent to us, we record 

interaction data and timestamps, specifically 
the occurrence of mouse movement, 
clicking, scrolling (including beginning and end scroll positions, as well as page width / height), 
zooming (including the zoom level) and 
the occurrence of keys being pressed.




Even within the Extension, we never record your mouse position and / or the exact keys you press.
Again please note, that this data is recorded only in the Extension and thus only on your device.
This data will never be sent to us or any other party. It is used to determine your activity and engagement with sites and which sites will get your flattrs.
This is how we guarantee the proper functioning of the extension and the payment to content creators.
Only the information about which sites should receive your flattrs will be transferred and Processed for the payment of the content creators.
 Recording of your interaction with the Extension The Extension (meaning in your browser, under your control and not being sent to us) records your interaction with the Extension, including timestamps, as follows:

Adding or removing domains to or from your own flattr enabled/disabled lists
Manually flattring URLs
Looking at your list of flattrs within the icon popup
Dismissing a notification
What happens when you flattr content? Content creators and publishers will be provided with information about the country where the Contributor that flattred the respective content is seated, as well as the amount of the contribution in order to fulfil tax law requirements and for reporting reasons.
We will transfer this data in data sets.
not individually and not containing any other information about you. Deletion of Extension data We delete all data collected in connection with the Extension as follows: Events, flattrs, session data and the domains, which you have black- and/or whitelisted will be deleted in connection with the deletion of the Extension.
In case you should have actively submitted those data to us, we will delete the submitted data 35 days after successful submission.
On a daily basis, we delete sessions and visits after the processing of the history, unless it fails. Cookies Flattr may store cookies in order to provide you with comprehensive features and improved ease of use when navigating our Website.
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer with the help of your internet browser.
If you do not want to enable cookies, you can opt against using them by selecting the appropriate settings on your internet browser.
Please note that the efficiency and range of our services may be restricted as a result. What is the purpose of data processing and what is the legal basis? We process personal data in compliance with the European General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (“GDPR”) and the applicable German and Swedish national data protection laws: Processing is necessary for taking steps prior to enter into a contract (Art.
6 (1) b GDPR) All data you provide us with in connection with the use of Flattr, including your account and when using the Extension, is necessary for the sole purpose of providing you with our services, as transferring the contributions to the Creators and Publishers.
If you do not open an account or - as a Contributor - do not install the Extension you cannot fully use our services. Collection and processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the controller is subject – Art.
6 (1) c GDPR Collection and processing of your personal data may be necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject under EU laws or the laws of a EU Member State. Processing is necessary for the purposes of eyeo’s legitimate interests (Art.
6 (1) f GDPR) The collection and processing may be necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests.
If this will be the case we will inform you accordingly. Processing is based on your consent (Art.
6 (1) a GDPR) When subscribing for our newsletter, you provide us with your consent, which legitimizes the use of your email address in accordance and to the extent of your consent. Do we disclose any personal data? We will not transfer your personal data to third parties as a matter of course without letting you know in advance or asking for your prior permission.
We may only transfer your personal data to third parties without informing you separately beforehand in the following exceptional cases as explained below:

If required for legal proceedings / investigations, personal data will be transferred to the criminal investigation authorities and, if appropriate, to injured third parties.
We will only do this if there are concrete indications of illegal and / or abusive behavior.
We are also legally obliged to give certain public authorities information.
These are criminal investigation authorities, public authorities who prosecute administrative offences entailing fines, and finance authorities.
As part of the further development of our business, it may happen that the structure of Flattr AB changes.
The legal structure may be adapted, subsidiaries, business units or components may be created, bought or sold.
In such transactions, customer information may be shared with the transmitted part of the company.
In the event of a transfer of personal information, Flattr will ensure that it is done in accordance to this Privacy Policy and Swedish data protection laws.
What rights do you have? In compliance with the GDPR and the applicable EU laws and German national data protection laws and to the extent legally permitted, you have the following rights to protect your personal data collected and processed by us: Information, access, rectification and restriction rights Naturally you have the right to receive, upon request, information about the personal data stored by us about you and how we Process your personal data.
Where that is the case, you have the right to gain access to such personal data stored by us.
You have the right to request from us the rectification of inaccurate personal data, if any.
Taking into account the purposes of Collecting and Processing your data, you have the right to have incomplete personal data completed.
You also have the right to request restriction of Processing.
 Data portability You also have the right (1) to receive all personal data concerning you and which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and (2) to transmit those data to another controller.
 Erasure of your data You have the right to demand from us the erasure of your personal data, where - inter alia - one of the following grounds applies:

If we no longer need your personal data for the aforementioned purposes.
If you withdraw your consent on which the collection and processing is based on Article 6 (1) a GDPR and where there are no other legal grounds for collection and processing.
If you object to the collection and processing pursuant to Article 21 (1) GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for collection and processing.

Please note, if data needs to be retained for legal purposes we will restrict the respective data. Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes the GDPR. Right to object to the processing of your data You have the right to object at any time to the collection and/or processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, where collection and processing is based on our legitimate interest (Art.
6 (1) f GDPR). Right to withdraw your consent at any time You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, if you have provided us with your consent to the collection and processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes.
The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on the consent before its withdrawal. How to exercise your rights To exercise your rights, please contact us via or mail to:
Flattr ABBox 411120312 MalmöSweden flattr.com/contact Changes to the Privacy Policy As our Services evolve, we may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
The respective current version is available at flattr.com/privacy.
We encourage you to check the Privacy Policy frequently to see if it has changed.

May 2018 Privacy Information: Voluntary opt in to send anonymized data to us We are continuously improving the Extension.
If you want to support us in improving the Extension, you can allow the Extension to transfer the above mentioned data to Flattr and eyeo GmbH by explicitly opting in to such a transfer.
Depending on the status of our improvement, we may need different data.
Such data will be restricted to the data listed in the Declaration of Consent and will be only transferred if you opt in to provide us with beta feedback.
Please find the respective Declaration of Consent here.
You can opt out from this at any time in the settings of the Flattr extension.
Three (3) months after you have sent it to us, we will delete your email address. Anonymization of your data when providing feedback In order to protect your personal data, all URLs, page titles, domains (except the ones stated below) and authors of the content viewed on the respective domain will be replaced by an increasing series of numbers before sending the information to our servers, which are protected by TLS encryption.
Thus, we do not know what you have been surfing, only the fact that you have been surfing.

Because we might develop customized solutions for multi-author platforms in order to pay out the respective author that has been flattered, the domains (and only the domains, not the URLs) of multi-author platforms, as but not limited to Youtube.com and Wordpress.com (full list here, will not be replaced by an increasing series of numbers.
We do not combine the Collected data with any other information about you.
The data we Collect is statistical data, therefore we do not know who generated it.
May 2018  Declaration of consent This opt in is voluntary and applies only in the instance where you want to provide us with anonymized data to improve our algorithm.

Version
2.0

Period
24 October 2017 until now

Text of declaration of consent


You can revoke your consent at any time by visiting this page and clicking the button below.

You hereby declare that the following data will be transferred to eyeo GmbH, Germany, and Processed for the purpose of improving the Extension and the underlying algorithm:

URLs and domains you visit, which will be anonymized before sending
Author of the respective website (if applicable)
Some domains, which will not be be anonymized
Interaction with Website
mouse movement
mouse clicking
scrolling, including scroll positions, as well as page width/height
zooming, including the zoom level
keys pressed


Creating, selecting, moving or closing tabs in the User Interface, including which window and at which position the tab was created, as well as which window created it in case of popups
Adding or removing domains to or from your flattr enabled/disabled list
Browser idle state changes
Manually flattring URLs https://flattr.com/faq

We do not combine the Collected data with any other information about you.
The data we Collect is statistical data, therefore we do not know who generated it.
1.0
3 May 2017 until September 30, 2017

You can revoke your consent at any time with future effect by sending a message to us via www.flattr.com/contact.


By checking the box, you hereby declare that the following data will be transferred to eyeo GmbH, Germany, and processed for the purpose of improving the Extension and the underlying algorithm:

URLs and domains you visit, which will be anonymized before sending
Author of the respective website (if applicable)
Some domains, which will not be be anonymized
Interaction with Website
mouse movement
mouse clicking
scrolling, including scroll positions, as well as page width/height
zooming, including the zoom level
keys pressed


Creating, selecting, moving or closing tabs in the User Interface, including which window and at which position the tab was created, as well as which window created it in case of popups
Adding or removing domains to or from your flattr enabled/disabled list
Browser idle state changes
Manually flattring URLs https://flattr.com/faq

We do not combine the collected data with any other information about you.
The data we collect is statistical data, therefore we do not know who generated it. List of domains that are not anonymized This only applies if you opt in to voluntarily providing us with anonymized data to improve our algorithm.
URLs and authors on those domains will still be anonymized.

500px.com
deviantart.com
facebook.com
flickr.com
github.com
instagram.com
linkedin.com
livejournal.com
medium.com
soundcloud.com
tumblr.com
twitch.tv
twitter.com
vimeo.com
wordpress.com
youtube.com

 Terms of Use 

Welcome to Flattr, a product and service provided by Flattr AB, Box 4111, 20312 Malmö, Sweden (“Flattr”, “we”, “our”, or “us”).
We have developed the browser extension Flattr (“Extension”) which can be downloaded at flattr.com (“Website”) and other domains and / or App Stores.
The Extension is a browser add-on that allows users to easily contribute to content they love based on a smart algorithm that measures each individual user’s engagement on the websites they visit, and then automatically distributes the right amount of funds to the respective content. A.
Terms of Use in a nutshell The following short version shall provide you with a concise overview about our rules and legal terms in connection with the use of our Services.
Please note, this overview is for Your convenience only and is not legally binding.

1.
Scope: To whom and what do these terms apply? Users, that are at least 18 years old, and companies who accept these Terms.

2.
When and how do we modify these Terms? Whenever necessary, e.g.
because of changes in our Services, but subject to prior notice.

3.
What do I need to do to use Your Services? Install the Extension to contribute to content, sign up for an account and select a subscription fee (and a payment account if You want to receive contributions).

4.
Scope: What we offer to You when You use our Services We offer the use of the Extension free of charge, which enables You to contribute, subject to the subscription you select, to content You love, and the possibility to receive of contributions from Users who would like to support Your content with remuneration.

5.
Your obligations when using our Services
All Users:

Do not use our Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms
Do not flattr any illegal websites


Users receiving contribution:

Pay the transaction fees for receiving contributions
Inform Your users sufficiently when participating in our affiliate program


6.
What are our fees? The Extension and contribution to content is free to use.
Users receiving contributions get most of the percentage of the contribution.
The remaining percent is split between us and the payment service provider.
Our fees can be reviewed at flattr.com/faq.

7.
Term and termination of this agreement Your agreement runs for an indefinite term.
Both parties, You and us, can terminate the agreement with prior notice of one (1) week before the end of Your Subscription Period.
Please note, for withdrawals (within the refund period) You need to provide us with so called Know your Customer (KYC) information, due to the laws for the prevention of money laundering and terrorism financing.

8.
Use and Terms of Payment Provider For contributions we use an external payment provider (MangoPay, SA, seated in Luxembourg), that takes care of all transactions in connection with the contributions, subject to these terms and conditions.

9.
Indemnification In case any of your activities in connection with the use of our Services is illegal, infringes third party rights or breaches this agreement and this activity affects us, You must indemnify us from all third party claims.

10.
Warranty in connection with defects Your rights in connection with any defects related to our Services.

11.
Limitation of liability We distinguish between our free and our paid services.
For free Services, such as the use of our Extension and contributions we have only very limited liability.
For our paid Services, in particular receiving contributions, our liability is still limited but only in connection with minor breaches.

12.
Miscellaneous We hope there will be no claims and You are satisfied with our Services, but in the case of any claims, as a Swedish company, those claims are subject to Swedish law and will be settled in Swedish courts.
Please note, our main language is English, in case of translation inaccuracies the English version shall prevail. B.
Terms of Use in detail 1.
Scope: To whom and what do these terms apply? These terms of use (“Terms”) govern the use of the Extension and the processing of contributions (“Transactions”.
Extension and Transactions together “Services”) by contributors, content creators and content publishing companies (all together “Users” or individually addressed “You”).
All Users that are natural persons must be of full legal age, meaning at least 18 years old (“Adults”).
AS A MINOR YOU ARE NOT ENTITLED TO USE FLATTR.
Please read these Terms carefully before using Flattr.
By opening a Flattr account, You agree to these Terms.
If You do not agree to these Terms, do not open an account or use our Services.
Your own terms and conditions will only become part of this agreement if we have explicitly agreed upon this in writing.
We can agree with You on additional terms with respect to certain new functions in connection with the Extension.
However, we will duly inform You of such additional terms beforehand.
We reserve the right to offer additional services.
If we do so, we may provide You with additional terms.

These Terms are aimed at both end users and businesses.
End users are persons who conclude legal transactions for a purpose that can be ascribed neither to their commercial nor self-employed professional activities.
Businesses are either natural persons, legal entities or legally capable partnerships who exercise their commercial or self-employed professional activities when concluding a legal transaction. 2.
When and how do we modify these Terms? We reserve the right to amend and adapt these Terms with future effect.
You can always request the currently applicable version of these Terms via flattr.com/contact, or access them on flattr.com/terms.
We will notify You via email prior to their planned introduction, outlining any new regulations and their effective date.
We will allow You a reasonable period of time, equating to at least six weeks, to declare whether You agree to the amended Terms for the continued use of Services.
If You do not object within the given time period, which begins on receipt of the notification, the new regulations will be regarded by Flattr as agreed upon.
We will advise You at the start of the given time period of Your right of objection, the objection period and the implications of not responding.
This amendment mechanism does not apply to changes to major contractual obligations between us and You. 3.
What do I need to do to use your Services? In order to use our Services, You must: 

As a contributor only, install the Extension to contribute to content, and / or
Sign up for an account, and / or 
As a contributor only, start a subscription.
3.1 Installation of the Extension by contributors As a contributor, You can install the Extension on Your desktop browser by clicking on the “Add to” button on flattr.com.
At flattr.com/faq, You will find a list of the browsers we currently support. 3.2 How to sign up and conclusion of the agreement 3.2.1 Registration You cannot use the Services without registration.
the Extension for contributors will not be active without registration and active payment subscription.
You can register and open an account by including the required information truthfully in the signup form and submit this information by clicking the “Sign up” button.
We will send You a confirmation of Your registration via email including the confirmation link after You have clicked the “Sign up” button.
You will enter into an agreement with us as soon as You have clicked the confirmation link.
If requested by us, You agree to provide us with additional information about You or Your services within a reasonable time.
Failure to do so may result in Your account being terminated or suspended. 3.2.2 Payment Account If you want to contribute or receive contributions, You must open a payment account, which is technically operated by our Payment Provider (Section 8), but integrated in Your Flattr account in our Services.
To open a payment account You must be either: 

a natural person being an Adult, with capacity to enter into legally binding contracts, or 
a legal person, resident or registered in a member State of the European Union or in a state that is party to the agreement relating to the European Economic Area, or registered in any other country that imposes the equivalent requirements regarding money laundering and the financing of terrorism.

Opening a payment account may require additional information, which must be provided by You.
For more information on what information is required, please refer to our Privacy Policy. 3.2.3 KYC Pursuant to the laws for the prevention of money laundering and terrorism financing, the Payment Provider (Section 8) is obliged to identify every User and to collect certain documents and information in this regard for the purpose of receiving money or withdrawing money.
This so called “Know your customer” (“KYC”) information may be needed for contributing and / or receiving contributions as well as withdrawing money from an account.
For more information, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
KYC may take up to three (3) working days.
We reserve the right to refuse the registration of, or cancel an account at our sole discretion, at any time and for no reason at all.
 4.
Scope: What we offer to You when You use our Services Subject of our Services is both (i) the use of the Extension free of charge, including the manual maintenance of flattered content, and (ii) the processing and receiving of contributions (the receiving of contributions against payment).
 4.1 Use of our Extension Both the installation and the use of the Extension are free of charge.
The Extension runs in Your browser on Your device and automatically collects the data necessary to flatter content.
For further details on data collection and processing, please read our Privacy Policy.
Only websites that are on our whitelist and sites you enable flattr for will receive flattrs based on Your browsing engagement and browser history.
You can review Your flattrs and You can always change them manually in Your account before a transaction has been generated.
For further information on how to give flattrs, please read our FAQ.
Upon Your proper registration with our Services, we grant to You the non-exclusive right to access and use our Services for the term of this agreement and only in accordance with these Terms.
Our Service is available only to Adults, whether acting on their own behalf or as authorized employees or representatives of an entity.
If You do not qualify thusly, do not attempt to register for, or use, our Services. 4.2 Processing and receiving of contributions The main part of our Services is the contribution to content, which is free of charge for the Users contributing, but is subject to the fee for the Users receiving the contributions as stated in Section 6 of these Terms.
 4.2.3 Contributions To contribute, You need to choose a subscription for each 30 day cycle (“Subscription Period”).
You can change the subscription amount when a new Subscription Period starts.
Based on Your specific surfing behaviour, engagement, visits, manual flattrs and Your manual changes and / or restrictions – if any – Your subscription for a Subscription Period will be automatically contributed to the respective Users.
The payment for the subscription is done at the beginning of the Subscription Period and normally contributions will take place after the end of each Subscription Period.
In the event of a technical issue, it may happen a few days later (“Contribution Date”).
If during a given Subscription Period a User has not engaged on any flattrable site, the respective subscription amount for that Subscription Period will not be distributed but will be carried over as the next Subscription Period’s subscription amount.
 4.2.3 Refunds Within Your first Subscription Period and until the contributions have been transferred to the respective receiving Users first time, the User can obtain a refund of the subscription amount by sending a refund request via the contact form within the first 20 days of the first Subscription Period.
To send the request, You must be logged in and use our contact form at flattr.com/contact in order to ensure that You are the legitimate account owner.
When a refund is performed all flattrs made during that Subscription Period and any contributions that should have been made, will be cancelled. 4.2.4 Receiving contributions As a User receiving contributions, You need to add one or more websites or social accounts find out more containing content which can be subject to flattrs.
In order to withdraw any money received You must add a valid bank account to Your profile and verify Your account KYC.
You can initiate withdrawals Yourself within Your account. 4.3 Availability of our Services Our Services will be available for use (“system uptime”) 24 hours a day, 365 days a year with 96% availability on average (“SLA”).
If maintenance work is necessary and if our Services are not available for maintenance reasons, we will duly inform You.
Disruptions to our Services for maintenance reasons will not be counted as part of SLA time.
We will not be responsible for internet/network-related downtimes and, in particular, for downtimes in which our Services cannot be accessed due to technical or other problems outside our area of influence, e.g.
force majeure, fault of third parties, etc. 5.
Your obligations when using our Services 5.1 Payment of transaction fees Users receiving contributions are obliged to pay the transaction fee as stated in Section 6 of these Terms, which will be automatically deducted from Your account each month. 5.2 Prohibited use You are responsible for keeping Your login credentials, including Your password, confidential.
This means that You do not give it to anyone else, that You do not permit or enable third parties to gain knowledge of it and that You take the necessary steps to guarantee its confidentiality.
If Your credentials are lost or misused, or if You suspect that they have been lost or misused, You must notify us of this immediately via our contact form to make sure that Your account is blocked immediately.
Additionally, You agree not to use our Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms, or any other purpose not reasonably intended by Flattr.
By way of example only, and not as a limitation, You agree not to use our Services:

to add any website or social account which provides, supports or promotes illegal content, such as, but not limited to content that infringes upon third party IP rights, is libelous, defamatory, obscene, abusive, offensive, profane or otherwise violates any law or right of any third party;
for any illegal or unauthorised purpose.
If You are an international user, You agree to comply with all local laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content;
to use any information obtained from our Services in order to contact, advertise to, solicit or sell to any User without their prior explicit consent;
sell or otherwise transfer Your profile.

In addition, You agree that You will not use our Services on behalf of, or at the request or instruction of, any third party.
Furthermore, You will not request any third party, pay or otherwise attempt to influence any third party to manipulate or otherwise affect our Services in any manner.
 5.3 Types of websites not permitted Please note that You are not permitted to flattr or to add certain websites for legal reasons.
Websites that are not permitted to be flattred or added are websites which include or promote:

Hate speech, which includes:
content that incites hatred or promotes violence against individuals or groups based on race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, veteran status, or sexual orientation / gender identity;
assaults the human dignity of others by insulting, maliciously maligning an aforementioned group, segment of the population or individual because of their belonging to one of the aforementioned groups or segments of the population, or defaming segments of the population;
denial of the Holocaust.


Hacking / cracking content and warez or the promotion of same.
Sale of products that are replicas or imitations of designer goods or otherwise protected by intellectual property rights.
Online gambling or online casino-related content, sale of alcohol or sale of prescription drugs.
Pornographic or highly suggestive content or images that violate the applicable laws.
Sale of weapons or ammunition.
Anything that facilitates or promotes copyright infringement.
Extreme violence.
Promotion of illegal drugs or drug paraphernalia.
Any other content that is illegal, promotes illicit or harmful activity, or infringes on the rights of others.
This includes in particular sites that provide “how-to” information on bomb-making, lock-picking and similar topics.
Defamatory or libelous content.
Distribution of viruses, malware.
5.4 Breaches of Your obligations If You breach any part of Section 5.2, we have the right to immediately terminate Your access to our Services.
Any other rights we may have shall remain unaffected.
We are also entitled to immediately suspend or withdraw Your right to make any transactions from Your payment account where: 

we have reasonable grounds to believe that there may be a breach in the security of Your account details.

we suspect the unauthorized or fraudulent use of Your account details, or due to European or national law applying to us.


Where possible and reasonable, we will inform You in advance that we are intending to do so and the reasons for these actions.
If such advance information is not possible or reasonable, we will inform You at the earliest opportunity after termination and in any event within the time that You would expect a transaction to take place.

Otherwise, we will not inform You where this would compromise our reasonable security measures or is otherwise contrary to any applicable law, rule or regulation.

Where the reasons for our actions then cease to exist, we will then either reinstate Your access to Your account or issue you with new account details as soon as is practicable. 5.5 Affiliate program We offer an affiliate program to Users receiving contributions.
The User implementing the affiliate program in their service is responsible for all necessary actions on their end, required by applicable data protection laws, such as but not limited to informing the User about any processing of personal data when clicking on the affiliate link.
For further information regarding which data is transferred to us when clicking on the affiliate link, please refer to our Privacy Policy: https://flattr.com/privacy. 6.
What are our fees? The use of the service as a contributor is free of charge.

When receiving contributions, we charge a transaction fee of Your total monthly received contributions.
Our fees can be reviewed at flattr.com/faq.

All fees are gross prices including the applicable Value Added Tax, if any. 7.
Term and termination of this agreement The use of our Services runs for an indefinite term.
Both parties have the right to terminate the agreement with prior written notice (electronic means is sufficient) of one (1) week until the end of, 

if applicable, a Subscription Period, or
only if no Subscription Period is applicable, a calendar month.

The right to terminate the agreement for just cause remains unaffected. Deletion of Your Account and withdrawal of budget For a full deletion of Your account and all data related to it, Your payment account must be empty.
All subscription of the Subscription Period in which the termination took place will be contributed according to these Terms.
If there is any money in Your payment account which cannot be contributed, You must withdraw it first.
Until all money is contributed or withdrawn we will block Your account for use, but are not entitled to delete Your data due to payment regulatory provisions.
Following Your withdrawal, if applicable subject to prior KYC, of the money, the credit balance of the account will be transferred without undue delay, to the User’s bank account after deduction of any fees due and payable to Flattr.
After having transferred the respective amount to the bank account of the User, we as well as the Payment Provider have no more obligations towards You. 8.
Use and Terms of Payment Provider For contributions we use the external third party platform MangoPay, SA, seated in Luxembourg (“Payment Provider”).
All transactions in connection with the contributions are carried out by, and are the sole responsibility of, the Payment Provider.
Therefore, You must enter into a Framework Agreement for Payment Services (“Payment Provider Agreement”) with the Payment Provider.
By opting into the Payment Provider Agreement and / or clicking the signup button, You agree to the terms and conditions of the Payment Provider Agreement. 9.
Indemnification You will indemnify us from all claims, including damages claims, asserted against us by other Users or other third parties, including public authorities, due to violations of their rights due to or arising out of:

any User’s activities, practices, websites and services of any sort whether performed directly or indirectly;
any violation of the Terms or applicable law by the User;
the infringement by the User of any intellectual property rights or other rights of any person or entity.

You will bear all appropriate costs, including appropriate costs incurred for legal defence that we have to pay as a result of your violation of the rights of third parties.
All of our further rights and damage claims will remain unaffected.
You are entitled to provide evidence that we have incurred lower costs than stated.
The above-mentioned obligations will only apply if You are responsible for the violation of rights in question.
in other words, if you have knowingly or deliberately omitted exercising due diligence. 10.
Warranty in connection with defects We are only liable for defects in connection with our Services provided.
the impairments are not due to the restrictions in availability (SLA) described in Section 4.3.
A defect will always be deemed to exist if the suitability for contractual use is suspended or considerably restricted.
Where contributions cannot be made, You must not pay any fee under these Terms.
You must immediately inform us of the defect via flattr.com/contact.

You are not entitled to claim damages due to a defect with our Services, or due to a circumstance for which we are not responsible – either existing when you sign the agreement or occurring thereafter.
Further claims and rights for defects to our Services – other than those explicitly named in this Section 10 – will not be recognized except if we are held liable for them by statutory provisions. 11.
Limitation of liability 11.1 Free use of our services Our liability for use of the free services is restricted to intention and gross negligence or the absence of a guaranteed characteristic.
We will be fully liable in cases of intention.
in cases of gross negligence and the absence of a guaranteed feature, our liability will be restricted to typical and foreseeable damage.
Any further liability is excluded. 11.2 Use of the contribution of Services We will be liable as follows for use of all Services in connection with the contributions:
(i) Claims for compensation on the part of the User are excluded from these Terms.
Exceptions to this exclusion of liability are claims for compensation on the part of the Company for loss of life, bodily injuries, damage to health, the violation of essential contractual obligations (cardinal obligations) or damages resulting from a deliberate or grossly negligent breach of duty on the part of Flattr, its legal representatives or agents.
Cardinal obligations within the meaning of these Terms are the obligations that ensure the proper execution of the agreement and the fulfilment of its purpose and the observance of which the users can therefore regularly rely upon.(ii) In case of a breach of fundamental contractual obligations, we are only liable for contract-typical, foreseeable damage caused by simple negligence, except claims made by Users for compensation resulting from loss of life, bodily injury or damage to health.
(iii) The regulations outlined in this Section 11 (2) and (3) also apply to legal representatives and agents of Flattr if the claims are made directly against them.
 12.
Miscellaneous 12.1 Governing law and dispute resolution These Terms shall be governed by Swedish law to the exclusion of the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
If you have no place of jurisdiction in Sweden or in any other EU member state, if you have transferred your permanent domicile abroad after these Terms take effect or if your domicile or usual place of residence is unknown at the time legal action is taken, the sole place of jurisdiction for all disputes arising from this agreement will be the location of our registered offices.
The Swedish courts will have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim that arises out of or in connection with the terms or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims).
In any action or proceeding to enforce rights under the terms, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover the costs of the proceedings including, but not limited to, any reasonable legal fees and costs. 12.2.
Governing language These Terms are drawn up in the English language and may be translated into any language other than English provided that the English text will in any event prevail. 12.3 Severability Should any individual provision of these Terms be or become invalid and / or contrary to the statutory provisions, this will not affect the validity remaining terms of these Terms.
In place of the invalid, unenforceable term, the parties shall mutually agree on such valid commercial terms which the parties would reasonably have agreed otherwise.
The above mentioned provision will apply correspondingly in the case of omissions in these provisions.
October 12th, 2017
