 Login 


 Forgotten? Login Explore Community Guidelines Last updated: January 2nd, 2017
Please read the Community Guidelines ("Agreement") carefully before clicking the "I Accept" button, downloading or using Gab ("Application").
By clicking the "I Accept" button, downloading or using the Application, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
This Agreement is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity) and Gab AI Inc and it governs your use of the Application made available to you by Gab AI Inc.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not click on the "I Accept" button and do not download or use the Application.
The Application is licensed, not sold, to you by Gab AI Inc for use strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Preamble Gab’s mission is to put people and free speech first.
We believe that the only valid form of censorship is an individual’s own choice to opt-out.
Gab empowers users to filter and remove unwanted followers, words, phrases, and topics they do not want to see in their feeds.
However, we do take steps to protect ourselves and our users from illegal activity, spam, and abuse.
By signing up for Gab, all users agree to adhere to the policies set forth below.
Failure to comply will result in sanctions as explained in our How We Enforce Our Guidelines section.
Gab’s policy is to follow all applicable laws in The United States of America, the Constitution and the Supreme Court’s rulings on the First Amendment.
We use the Court’s rulings, precedents and judgments as our guiding principles for protecting and empowering free speech and expression.
You may not use our service for any unlawful purposes or illegal activities. Threats and Terrorism: Users are prohibited from calling for the acts of violence against others, promoting or engaging in self-harm, and/or acts of cruelty, threatening language or behaviour that clearly, directly and incontrovertibly infringes on the safety of another user or individual(s).
We may also report the user(s) to local and/or federal law enforcement, as per the advice of our legal counsel.
Gab follows the U.S.
Department of State’s definitions of terrorism and list of Foreign Terrorist Organizations, along with the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s proscribed list of terrorist groups, organizations and/or individuals. Illegal Pornography: Gab has a zero tolerance policy for all illegal pornography.
Applicable materials will be removed and relevant accounts will be dealt with appropriately as per the advice of our legal counsel.
We reserve the right to ban accounts that share said material in question.
We may also report the user(s) to local and/or federal law enforcement, as per the advice of our legal counsel. Legal Pornography: Legal pornography is permitted, so long as the user clearly marks applicable content as #NSFW (Not Safe For Work).
The #NSFW tag can be applied to individual pieces of content as well as entire user accounts.
By default, #NSFW content is hidden.
Users can opt-in to view NSFW content in their profile settings.
Any pornographic content that is not marked #NSFW is subject to removal or to the #NSFW tag being added to the content or account(s).
Users can flag content that is not marked #NSFW using our flagging system.
Gab follows the Stewart Standard Jacobellis v.
Ohio, 378 U.S.
184 (1964) on what constitutes pornography and obscene content. Private Information Users are prohibited from posting the confidential information of users.
This includes but not limited to.
home addresses, phone numbers, social security numbers, passport numbers, credit card information, banking information, without their written, expressed authorization and consent. International Law Non-U.S.
residents and citizens must follow the laws of their domicile pertaining to online conduct, communication and content.
Gab AI, Inc.
will respect the territorial sovereignty of nation-states and their applicable laws pertaining to online communications, though we urge governments of the world to consider Articles 18, 19 and 20 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR). Copyright: You may not at any time infringe or violate any copyright, trademark, or intellectual property of Gab AI, Inc.
We will respond to and act on notices of alleged copyright and/or trademark infringement. Misrepresenting Gab Badges: You will not attempt to, misuse or imitate our verification badges, donor badges and any other badges introduced by Gab.
Failure to comply will result in the suspension of said account(s). Impersonation: You will not impersonate any brand, business, or personal entity that is not your own.
Parody accounts are allowed, but must be clearly labeled as a “parody account.” Accounts that attempt to impersonate others with the intention of deceiving users will be subject to suspension.
We reserve the right to reclaim usernames on behalf of businesses or individuals that hold a legitimate claim, copyright and/or trademark to said usernames. Multiple account abuse: You will not create multiple accounts on Gab with overlapping uses.
Accounts that engage in vote manipulation with multiple accounts will be removed.
Creating multiple accounts to evade temporary or permanent suspension of a separate account is not allowed and may result in a user’s outright expulsion from Gab. Username squatting: Users may not engage in username squatting.
Accounts that are inactive for more than six months may be subjected to removal. Spam: 


You may not use Gab’s invite system to repeatedly spam email invitations to contacts.
You may not buy or sell Gab usernames.
You may not publish or link malicious content intended to damage or disrupt another user’s electronic equipment, services or compromise their privacy in any way.
You may not use our service for the intentions of spamming.
What constitutes “spamming” will change over time.
We will update our guidelines as this policy evolves.


 Some Examples of Spam: 


Following, unfollowing, regabbing, upvoting, or downvoting large amounts of accounts in a short time period, particularly by automated means such as with a script.
Repeatedly following and unfollowing the same people.
Great numbers of spam complaints against a user’s account.
Posting content simultaneously, repeatedly and concurrently over multiple user accounts.
Posting deceptive links (e.g.
affiliate links, malware/clickjacking pages, etc.).
Misleading accounts or account interactions for vote manipulation.
The selling, purchasing, trading or bartering of account interactions (e.g.
upvotes, regabs)


 Prohibited Transactions: You may not use Gab for activities that pertain to transactions involving:
Illegal narcotics, steroids, controlled substances or other products that present a risk to consumer safety, items that encourage, promote, facilitate or instruct others to engage in illegal activity, stolen goods including digital and virtual goods, services that facilitate the financial exploitation of others, ammunition, firearms, firearm parts and/or accessories, weapons or knives that are unlawful in one’s domicile.
Please follow the laws of your jurisdiction and adhere to prudence when in doubt. How We Enforce Our Guidelines: Gab treats all people with respect and dignity, regardless of their background, origins and point of view.
We give users the full benefit of the doubt and work to communicate with them when enforcing guidelines and other rules.
We enforce our guidelines in many ways, including, but not limited to: 
Reminding you to kindly follow our Community Guidelines, Terms, Privacy and End-User License Agreement, in the event a breach has occurred, beyond a reasonable doubt.
Adding #NSFW tags to all pornographic, debauched and concupiscent video and/or image content.
The immediate extirpation of any and all illegal content.
The intermittent, temporary, permanent suspension of account(s), or an outright expulsion from Gab and its services.
 Help Shop Investors Privacy Developers  Press Terms of Service 2019 Gab AI Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
  Login 


 Forgotten? Login Explore Terms of Service Last updated: August 18th, 2016

Welcome to Gab, a people powered social network (the "App").
Please read these Terms of Service (the "Terms") and our Privacy Policy carefully because they govern your use of our services and App.
To make these Terms easier to read, our services and App are collectively called the "Services."
 Agreement to Terms 
By using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms and by our Privacy Policy.
If you don't agree to these Terms and our Privacy Policy, do not use the Services.
If you are accessing and using the Services on behalf of a company (such as your employer) or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that company or other legal entity to these Terms.
In that case, "you" and "your" will refer to that company or other legal entity.
 Changes to Terms or Services We may modify the Terms at any time, in our sole discretion.
If we do so, we'll let you know by posting the modified Terms on the App.
It's important that you review the Terms whenever we modify them because if you continue to use the Services after we have posted modified Terms, you are indicating to us that you agree to be bound by the modified Terms.
If you don't agree to be bound by the modified Terms, then you may not use the Services anymore.
Because our Services are evolving over time we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Services, at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion. Who May Use the Services Eligibility You may use the Services only if you are 13 years or older and are not barred from using the Services under applicable law. Registration and Your Information If you want to use certain features of the Services you'll have to create an account ("Account").
You can do this via the App.
It's important that you provide us with accurate, complete and up-to-date information for your Account and you agree to update such information, as needed, to keep it accurate, complete and up-to-date.
If you don't, we might have to suspend or terminate your Account.
You agree that you'll notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Account.
You're responsible for all activities that occur under your Account, whether or not you know about them. Feedback We welcome feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Services ("Feedback").
You can submit Feedback by emailing us at legal@gab.ai.
You grant us a perpetual, free, and transferable license, with a right to sublicense, to use, copy, modify, create derivative works and otherwise exploit the Feedback in any form and media and for any purpose. Privacy Policy Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information on how we collect, use and disclose information from our users. Content and Content Rights For purposes of these Terms: (i) "Content" means text, graphics, images, music, software, audio, video, works of authorship of any kind, and information or other materials that are posted, generated, provided or otherwise made available through the Services.
and (ii) "User Content" means any Content that Account holders (including you) provide to be made available through the Services.
Content includes without limitation User Content. Content Ownership, Responsibility and Removal Gab does not claim any ownership rights in any User Content and nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use and exploit your User Content.
Subject to the foregoing, Gab and its licensors exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the Services and Content, including all associated intellectual property rights.
You acknowledge that the Services and Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries.
You agree not to remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services or Content. Rights in User Content Granted by You By making any User Content available through Services you grant to Gab a worldwide, royalty-free, transferable license, with the right to sublicense, to use, copy, modify, create derivative works, display, perform and distribute your User Content in order to operate and provide the Services and Content to you and other Account holders.

TL:DR: we will use your User Content to run the App.
we won't take your User Content and sell it to others.
You are solely responsible for all of your User Content.
You represent and warrant that you own all of your User Content or you have all rights that are necessary to grant us the license rights in your User Content under these Terms.
You also represent and warrant that your User Content, your use and provision of your User Content to be made available through the Services, and any use of your User Content by Gab on or through the Services will not infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party's intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
You can remove your User Content by specifically deleting it.
However, in certain instances, some of your User Content (such as comments or messages you make) may not be completely removed and copies of your User Content may continue to exist on the Services.
We are not responsible or liable for the removal or deletion of (or the failure to remove or delete) any of your User Content. Rights in Content Granted by Gab Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Gab grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to view, copy, display and perform the Content solely in connection with your permitted use of the Services and solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes. Rights in App Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Gab grants you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable license to download and install a copy of the App on a mobile device or computer that you own or control and to run such copy of the App solely for your own personal, non-commercial purposes.
You may not copy the App, except for making a reasonable number of copies for backup or archival purposes.
Except as expressly permitted in these Terms, you may not: (i) copy, modify or create derivative works based on the App.
(ii) distribute, transfer, sublicense, lease, lend or rent the App to any third party.
(iii) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the App.
or (iv) make the functionality of the App available to multiple users through any means.
Gab reserves all rights in and to the App not expressly granted to you under these Terms. Gab Enforcement Please refer to our Community Guidelines for information about the types of User Content that may not be posted and the kinds of conduct that are prohibited while using the App.
Although we're not obligated to monitor access to or use of the Services or Content or to review or edit any Content, we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Services, to ensure compliance with our Community Guidelines, and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove or disable access to any Content, at any time and without notice, including, but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion, consider any Content to be objectionable or in violation of the Community Guidelines.
We have the right to investigate violations of the Community Guidelines or conduct that affects the Services.
We may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the law. DMCA/Copyright Policy Gab respects copyright law and expects its users to do the same.
It is Gab's policy to terminate in appropriate circumstances Account holders who repeatedly infringe or are believed to be repeatedly infringing the rights of copyright holders.
Please see Gab's Copyright Policy for further information. Links to Third Party Websites or Resources The Services and App may contain links to third-party websites or resources.
We provide these links only as a convenience and are not responsible for the content, products or services on or available from those websites or resources or links displayed on such websites.
You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from, your use of any third-party websites or resources. Termination We may terminate your access to and use of the Services, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you.
You may cancel your Account at any time from within the app.
Upon any termination, discontinuation or cancellation of Services or your Account, the following provisions will survive: Feedback.
Content Ownership, Responsibility and Removal.
Warranty Disclaimers.
Limitation of Liability.
General Terms.
and this sentence of Termination. Warranty Disclaimers The Services and Content are provided "AS IS," without warranty of any kind.
Without limiting the foregoing, WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
We make no warranty that the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis.
We make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness or reliability of any Content. Limitation of Liability NEITHER Gab NOR ANY OTHER party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the services or content will be liable for any incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES arising ouT of or in connection with thESE TERMS or from the use OF or inability to use the ServiceS or CONTENT, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), PRODUCT LIABILITY or any other legal theory, and whether or not GAB has been informed of the possibility of such damage, EVEN IF A limited REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PUrPOSE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
In no event will Gab's total liability arising out of or in connection with THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE the ServiceS or content EXCEED THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID TO GAB FOR USE OF THE SERVICES OR content OR ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100), IF YOU HAVE NOT HAD ANY PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS TO GAB, AS APPLICABLE.
THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN GAB AND YOU. General Terms These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between Gab and you regarding the Services and Content, and these Terms supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Gab and you regarding the Services and Content.
If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.
You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without Gab's prior written consent.
Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms, without such consent, will be null.
Gab may freely assign or transfer these Terms without restriction.
Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Any notices or other communications provided by Gab under these Terms, including those regarding modifications to these Terms, will be given: (i) via email.
or (ii) by posting to the Services.
For notices made by e-mail, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted.
Gab's failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision.
The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of Gab.
Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise. Contact Information If you have any questions about these Terms or the Services, please contact Gab at legal@gab.ai Help Shop Investors Privacy Developers  Press Terms of Service 2019 Gab AI Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
  Login 


 Forgotten? Login Explore Privacy Last updated: August 18th, 2016
Protecting your privacy is important to us.
With this in mind, we're providing this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that we receive through our Services.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services.
Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this Privacy Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service.
So, please make sure that you have read and understand our Terms of Service.
Any information that is collected via our Services is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we'll notify you of those changes by posting them on the Services or by sending you an email or other notification, and we'll update the "Last Updated Date" above to indicate when those changes will become effective. Collection and Use of Information Information Collected or Received from You Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Services, to administer your use of the Services (including your Account, if you are an Account holder), and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our Services.
Account Information.
If you create an Account, we will collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your email address and, if you opt to add it, a photograph or picture of you ("PII").
Creating an Account also requires a username, which may or may not be PII depending on your username.
You have the option to choose to provide other information about yourself, which will be made part of your Account's profile ("Profile"). Information Collected Using Technologies.
Like many app operators, we use automated data collection tools to collect certain information.
Some third party services providers that we engage may also track and report information about how and when you interact with our App and information about your mobile device (such as device hardware, operating system, and location).
We may use that information to customize and improve our Services.
Note that this Privacy Policy covers only our use of technologies and does not include use of technologies by third parties. Information Related to Use of the Services.
Our servers automatically record certain information about how a person uses our Services (we refer to this information as "Log Data"), including both Account holders and non-Account holders (either, a "User").
Log Data may include information such as a User's Internet Protocol (IP) address, operating system, the features of our Services to which a User browsed and the time spent on those features, search terms, the links on our Services that a User clicked on and other statistics.
We use Log Data to administer the Services and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) Log Data to improve, customize and enhance our Services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to our Users' needs and preferences.
We may use a person's IP address to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our Services are used. Information Sent by Your Mobile Device.
We collect certain information that your mobile device sends when you use our Services, like a device identifier, user settings, and the operating system of your device, as well as information about your use of our Services.
Location Information.
When you use our App and have enabled location services on your mobile device, we may collect and store information about your location by converting your IP address into a rough geolocation or by accessing your mobile device's GPS coordinates or course location.
With your permission, we may use location information to improve, personalize and offer certain features of our Services to you, such as letting you check-in to locations, offering lists of nearby venues and calculating the distances and number of footsteps that you walk in a given day.
If you do not want us to collect location information, you may disable that feature on your mobile device. Information that We Share with Third Parties We will not share any PII that we have collected from or regarding you except as described below:
Information Shared with Other Account Holders.
Your User Content and Profile, which includes your username, display name and, if you choose to include it, your photograph or picture, will be visible to other Account holders whom you have approved as friends to view your Profile and User Content ("Friends").
In addition, unless you opt out of the default setting, your User Content and Profile will be visible to other Account holders who were approved by your Friends to view their User Content.
In other words, friends of your Friends can see your Profile and User Content unless you change the setting in your App.
The email address you provide to create your Account is not shared by us with other Account holders (but may appear in your Friends' address books if you provided it to them). Information Shared with Our Services Providers.
We may engage third party services providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services.
These third party services providers will have access to your PII only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf and will be expressly obligated not to disclose or use your PII for any other purpose. Information Shared with Third Parties.
We may share aggregated information and non-identifying information with third parties for industry research and analysis, demographic profiling and other similar purposes.
Information Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions.
Information that we collect from our users, including PII, is considered to be a business asset.
Thus, if we are acquired by a third party as a result of a transaction such as a merger, acquisition or asset sale or if our assets are acquired by a third party in the event we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, some or all of our assets, including your PII, may be disclosed or transferred to a third party acquirer in connection with the transaction.
 Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others.
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law.
We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas).
(ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the property, rights and safety of a third party or the public in general.
and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal or legally actionable activity. Your Choices We offer you choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of your PII and we'll respect the choices you make.
Please note that if you decide not to provide us with the PII that we request, you may not be able to access all of the features of the Services. Opt-Out.
We may periodically send you free emails that directly promote our Services.
When you receive such promotional communications from us, you will have the opportunity to "opt-out" (either through your Account or by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the email you receive).
We do need to send you certain communications regarding the Services (e.g., account management and updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy) and you will not be able to opt-out of those communications. Modifying Your Information.
You can access and modify the information contained in your Profile through the App.
If you want us to delete your PII and your Account, please contact us at legal@gab.ai with your request.
We'll take steps to delete your information as soon we can, but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law. The Security of Your Information We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect the information that we collect from or about you (including your PII) from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure.
Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
 Links to Other Sites Our Services may contain links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties (each, a "Third Party Service").
Any information that you provide on or to a Third Party Service or that is collected by a Third Party Service is provided directly to the owner or operator of the Third Party Service and is subject to the owner's or operator's privacy policy.
We're not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of any Third Party Service.
To protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all Third Party Services that you access. International Transfer Your PII may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.
If you're located outside the United States and choose to provide your PII to us, we may transfer your PII to the United States and process it there. Our Policy Toward Children Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect PII from children under age 13.
If we learn that we have collected PII from a child under 13 years of age, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible. Questions? Please contact us at legal@gab.ai if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy. Help Shop Investors Privacy Developers  Press Terms of Service 2019 Gab AI Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
