






Privacy Policy for GuideFox
At GuideFox, accessible from https://guidefox.org, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors.
This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by GuideFox and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in GuideFox.
This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Information we collect
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including items such as name, company name, address, email address, and telephone number.
How we use your information
We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:

Provide, operate, and maintain our webste
Improve, personalize, and expand our webste
Understand and analyze how you use our webste
Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the webste, and for marketing and promotional purposes
Send you emails
Find and prevent fraud

Log Files
GuideFox follows a standard procedure of using log files.
These files log visitors when they visit websites.
All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics.
The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.
These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, GuideFox uses 'cookies'.
These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited.
The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
For more general information on cookies, please read&nbsp;"What Are Cookies".
Google DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site.
It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet.
However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL –&nbsp;https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Advertising Partners Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of GuideFox.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on GuideFox, which are sent directly to users' browser.
They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs.
These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that GuideFox has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
GuideFox's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites.
Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information.
It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options.
To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)
Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:
Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.
Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.
Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
GDPR Data Protection Rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights.
Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data.
We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet.
We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
GuideFox does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13.
If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.  
Terms and conditions
These terms and conditions ("Terms", "Agreement") are an agreement between Website Operator ("Website Operator", "us", "we" or "our") and you ("User", "you" or "your").
This Agreement sets forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the&nbsp;guidefox.org&nbsp;website and any of its products or services (collectively, "Website" or "Services").
Accounts and membership
If you create an account on the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with it.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor and review new accounts before you may sign in and use our Services.
Providing false contact information of any kind may result in the termination of your account.
You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security.
We will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
We may suspend, disable, or delete your account (or any part thereof) if we determine that you have violated any provision of this Agreement or that your conduct or content would tend to damage our reputation and goodwill.
If we delete your account for the foregoing reasons, you may not re-register for our Services.
We may block your email address and Internet protocol address to prevent further registration.
User content
We do not own any data, information or material ("Content") that you submit on the Website in the course of using the Service.
You shall have sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability, appropriateness, and intellectual property ownership or right to use of all submitted Content.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor and review Content on the Website submitted or created using our Services by you.
You grant us permission to access, copy, distribute, store, transmit, reformat, display and perform the Content of your user account solely as required for the purpose of providing the Services to you.
Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, we have the right, though not the obligation, to, in our own sole discretion, refuse or remove any Content that, in our reasonable opinion, violates any of our policies or is in any way harmful or objectionable.
Unless specifically permitted by you, your use of the Website does not grant us the license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, publish or distribute the Content created by you or stored in your user account for commercial, marketing or any similar purpose.
Backups
We are not responsible for Content residing on the Website.
In no event shall we be held liable for any loss of any Content.
It is your sole responsibility to maintain appropriate backup of your Content.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, on some occasions and in certain circumstances, with absolutely no obligation, we may be able to restore some or all of your data that has been deleted as of a certain date and time when we may have backed up data for our own purposes.
We make no guarantee that the data you need will be available.
Links to other websites
Although this Website may link to other websites, we are not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association, sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation with any linked website, unless specifically stated herein.
Some of the links on the Website may be "affiliate links".
This means if you click on the link and purchase an item, Website Operator will receive an affiliate commission.
We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any businesses or individuals or the content of their websites.
We do not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, services, and content of any other third parties.
You should carefully review the legal statements and other conditions of use of any website which you access through a link from this Website.
Your linking to any other off-site websites is at your own risk.
Prohibited uses
In addition to other terms as set forth in the Agreement, you are prohibited from using the Website or its Content: (a) for any unlawful purpose.
(b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts.
(c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances.
(d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others.
(e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability.
(f) to submit false or misleading information.
(g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet.
(h) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape.
(i) for any obscene or immoral purpose.
or (j) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet.
We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
Intellectual property rights
"Intellectual Property Rights" means all present and future rights conferred by statute, common law or equity in or in relation to any copyright and related rights, trademarks, designs, patents, inventions, goodwill and the right to sue for passing off, rights to inventions, rights to use, and all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all applications and rights to apply for and be granted, rights to claim priority from, such rights and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection and any other results of intellectual activity which subsist or will subsist now or in the future in any part of the world.
This Agreement does not transfer to you any intellectual property owned by Website Operator or third parties, and all rights, titles, and interests in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Website Operator.
All trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website or Services, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Website Operator or Website Operator licensors.
Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website or Services may be the trademarks of other third parties.
Your use of the Website and Services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Website Operator or third party trademarks.
Limitation of liability
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will Website Operator, its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, suppliers or licensors be liable to any person for any indirect, incidental, special, punitive, cover or consequential damages (including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, revenue, sales, goodwill, use of content, impact on business, business interruption, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business opportunity) however caused, under any theory of liability, including, without limitation, contract, tort, warranty, breach of statutory duty, negligence or otherwise, even if the liable party has been advised as to the possibility of such damages or could have foreseen such damages.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the aggregate liability of Website Operator and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers and licensors relating to the services will be limited to an amount greater of one dollar or any amounts actually paid in cash by you to Website Operator for the prior one month period prior to the first event or occurrence giving rise to such liability.
The limitations and exclusions also apply if this remedy does not fully compensate you for any losses or fails of its essential purpose.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Website Operator and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, suppliers and licensors harmless from and against any liabilities, losses, damages or costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred in connection with or arising from any third party allegations, claims, actions, disputes, or demands asserted against any of them as a result of or relating to your Content, your use of the Website or Services or any willful misconduct on your part.
Severability
All rights and restrictions contained in this Agreement may be exercised and shall be applicable and binding only to the extent that they do not violate any applicable laws and are intended to be limited to the extent necessary so that they will not render this Agreement illegal, invalid or unenforceable.
If any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, it is the intention of the parties that the remaining provisions or portions thereof shall constitute their agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof, and all such remaining provisions or portions thereof shall remain in full force and effect.
Dispute resolution
The formation, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and any disputes arising out of it shall be governed by the substantive and procedural laws of New Zealand without regard to its rules on conflicts or choice of law and, to the extent applicable, the laws of New Zealand.
The exclusive jurisdiction and venue for actions related to the subject matter hereof shall be the courts located in New Zealand, and you hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts.
You hereby waive any right to a jury trial in any proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement.
The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement.
Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this Agreement or its policies relating to the Website or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Agreement on the Website.
When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Acceptance of these terms
You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and agree to all its terms and conditions.
By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Agreement.
If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Agreement, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services.
Contacting us
If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Agreement or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to it, you may do so via the&nbsp;contact form&nbsp;or send an email to admin@guidefox.org
This document was last updated on June 26, 2020 