 Effective date: December 1st, 2015
Thank you for visiting www.harpermacaw.com (we’ll also go by “Site”, “Harper Macaw”, or “us”).
We want to make sure you understand our Privacy Policy so that you can comfortably enjoy our Site and online shopping experience.
Please know that we have done everything in our power to make sure your transactions with us are secure and private.
Your credit card number and other personal data will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality.
Online Security The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that nomethod of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Orders placed on our Site are encrypted with SSL technology.
The secure sever software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us.
This technology can be trusted to send and receive information securely via the Internet.
In order for SSL security to work you must use an SSL-enabled browser.
E-mail is not encrypted and is not a secure means to transmit credit card numbers.
We will only display the last 4 digits of your credit card number when confirming your order.
We are confident that your visit to harpermacaw.com is secure and safe.
If you prefer to place your order over the telephone please call us at (202) 800-0351.
Online Privacy Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data").
This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this information to help us improve your shopping experience.
Harper Macaw does not sell or exchange names or any other information about our customers with third parties.
Changes To This Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy is effective as of December 1st, 2015 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically.
Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at hello@harpermacaw.com.   Effective date: December 1st, 2015
Thank you for visiting www.harpermacaw.com (we’ll also go by “Site”, “Harper Macaw”, or “us”).
We want to make sure you understand our Terms &amp.
Conditions to give you a clear and straightforward online shopping experience and relationship with Harper Macaw.
By ordering from Harper Macaw you agree to the following:
Online Store Customers

PAYMENT: The terms of payment are at the sole discretion of Harper Macaw.
Harper Macaw must receive payment prior to our acceptance, processing, and shipping of your order.
We accept purchases with most major credit cards.
By making online orders you agree that the credit card information provided by you is correct and true, and your credit card company will honor that charges incurred.
You are required to pay all charges posted on our website including any applicable taxes.
We accept most major credit cards for purchases.
You represent and warrant that the credit card information you supply to us is true, correct and complete, charges incurred by you will be honored by your credit card company, and you will pay charges incurred by you at the posted prices, including all applicable taxes, if any.

SHIPPING: Unless shipping and handling fees are waved due to meeting an announced total sales figure, the customer is responsible for shipping and handling fees.
We do our best to package our chocolate in a manner that prevents damage and melting, however, our chocolate bars are delicate and we cannot guarantee that some bars will not break in transit.
If your order damaged please contact us and we will file a claim with our carriers.
Wholesale Customers
By submitting our wholesale application form, you agree that you have the authority to act on behalf of the above company and bind it to these terms and conditions.
Purchases Unless approved for credit terms, payment is due prior to shipping or delivery of orders.
For customers on credit terms, all invoices are due within thirty (30) days of the invoice date.
A service charge of one and one half percent (1.5% per month) may be assessed on delinquent invoices.
Taxes Unless a government tax exemption or resale form is provided to Harper Macaw, you are responsible for the payment of applicable federal, state, and local taxes.
Shipping All Prices are F.O.B.
Harper Macaw, Washington, DC USA.
We do our best to package our chocolate in a manner that prevents damage and melting, however, our chocolate bars are delicate and we cannot guarantee that some bars will not break in transit.
If your order damaged please contact us and we will file a claim with our carriers.
Price Changes Harper Macaw reserves the right to change the prices of its products and services at its sole discretion.
Cancellation and Return of Products Once an order has been placed and processed by Harper Macaw, it may only be cancelled with the consent of Harper Macaw.
Items may be added to processed orders, but additional product and shipping charges will apply.
If items are cancelled from a processed order, a 20% restocking fee may apply.
Any return of product should occur within thirty (30) days of delivery of product and will be solely at your expense.
Any refund for returned product will be determined at Harper Macaw’s discretion and may incur a 20% restocking fee.
Harper Macaw will make any refund within thirty (30) days of Harper Macaw’s receipt of product.
Vendor Sales You agree that you will only sell Harper Macaw products to end users and that you are not authorized to sell Harper Macaw products to other resellers.
Sale of Products Online Macaw permits the sale of its products online, only if the MSRP (stated in the wholesale brochure) is met.
Concerns &amp.
Complaints All questions or controversies arising out of, or in any way relating to this Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the District of Columbia.
Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at hello@harpermacaw.com. 