 HERE Wi-Fi Opt-Out Wi-Fi Opt-Out To provide location services, HERE assembles and maintains a database that records the location of mobile cell towers and Wi-Fi access points.
If you would like your Wi-Fi access point to be excluded from supporting location services, submit the MAC address of the hardware that broadcasts your Wi-Fi signal.
It can take up to 5 days for this address to be added to the block list.
The MAC address for a Wi-Fi access point (such as a wireless router) is a 12 character code that you can usually find on a sticker located on the bottom of the device.
If no sticker is present, you can also find the MAC address through the utility used to manage your wireless network.
HERE takes measures to protect our services, including the block list for Wi-Fi devices, from fraudulent requests and security attacs.
If a request seems problematic, it may not be added to the block list. MAC Address * CAPTCHASecurity check What code is in the image? * Enter the characters shown in the image.
Generate a new captcha   Mobility Products Privacy Policy Effective date:&nbsp;Thursday, 21 March, 2019 This Mobility Products Consumer Privacy Privacy (“Privacy Privacy”) describes our practices with respect to your information when you use the Services (as defined below).
The Services are owned, directly or indirectly, by HERE Global B.V., or one or more of its direct or indirect affiliates (collectively, “HERE”, “Company,” “we,” or “us”).&nbsp.
Capitalized terms which are not defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Mobility Products Terms of Use (“Terms”), to which this Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference.
The term “Services” as used in this Privacy Policy means any product or service offered and/or made available by HERE to you hereunder, including without limitation, Kiosk, Mobility for Concierge, Web Widget, Mobility Demand API, Mobility SDK, Ride Tracker, Mobility Supply API, Dispatch System, Mobility Portal, any HERE website via which you may access or use the Services (“Websites”), and any related services or products which may be offered by HERE to you from time to time.
We respect your privacy and take it seriously.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information about you that we collect about you in connection with your use of the Services.&nbsp.
This information includes information you may provide to us when you use, register for, interact with or transact via the Services and information we collect from other sources.&nbsp.
The Privacy Policy also describes our practices for collecting, storing, using, maintaining, protecting, disclosing, and disposing of such information.
This Privacy Policy is also aimed to assure you of our firm commitment to safeguarding the privacy and security of your information.
This Privacy Policy applies to: any consumer accessing and/or using the Services to explore, request and/or book transportation and any other related services that we may offer to you via the Services (“Transport Provider Services”) that may be available to you via the Services (“Consumer”).
If you are accessing and/or using the Services as a Partner (as defined below), a Partner representative or any visitor of our Websites, please refer to the HERE Mobility Products Supplemental Privacy Notice.
The term “Partner” means any one of the following entities/individuals: (a) taxi or private hire company, airline, car/bicycle/motorcycle/scooter rental agency or other third parties that provide consumers with Transport Provider Services by using the Mobility Supply API (“Transport Provider”).
and (b) hotel, airport or other third parties that provide consumers with access to Transport Provider Services, including without limitations, developers of third party applications, by using at least one of the following Services: Kiosk, Mobility for Concierge, Web Widget, Mobility Demand API or Mobility SDK (“Demand
Partner”).
The term Partner shall also include Transport Provider using the Marketplace Dispatcher, and any other provider of Transport Provider Services that only uses the Marketplace Dispatcher (“Dispatch Partner”).
In addition, Demand Partners who are developers using the Mobility SDK as part of their mobile apps may provide us with certain data of their end-users (“Developer End Users”) such as name, phone number and location information (“End User Data”) when these Developer End Users use the Services via the Mobility SDK.&nbsp.
To this end, these Demand Partners authorize us to access and process their End User Data on their behalf, as further described below in this Privacy Policy.
If you are entering into this Privacy Policy on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree to all the terms and conditions in this Privacy Policy, you may not use the Services.
The term “Personal Data”, as used in this Privacy Policy, means any information relating to you where you are identified or where you could be identified with reasonable efforts or together with additional information, we have access to, or may be of private or sensitive nature relating to an identified or identifiable individual.&nbsp;

WE URGE YOU TO READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND MAKE SURE THAT YOU FULLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE WITH IT.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DISCONTINUE AND AVOID USING OUR SERVICES.
&nbsp;



Table of Contents
:
1.
Information We Collect and How We Use the Information
2.
How Your Personal Data is Shared or Disclosed
3.
How Long Do We Store Information?
4.
Data Transfer
5.
How We Protect Your Information?
6.
Your Rights
7.
Modifications to this Privacy Policy and to the Services
8.
Contacting Us

1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
Information We Collect and How We Use the Information 


What This Means.
We collect information about your use of the Services and your mobile device (if applicable), as well as information you voluntarily provide while using and registering for the Services.
In addition, we collect information about you from other sources as described below.
The types of information we collect are detailed below.
We use that information as described in this Privacy Policy.&nbsp.



1.1 Legal Basis for Processing.
1.1.1 To provide the Services.&nbsp.
We collect and process your Personal Data in order to provide you with the Services in accordance with our contract with you comprised of the Terms.
In order for us to provide you with the Services, we have to process the following information:


(a) Registration/Account Information 


When you register and create your account to enable your use of the Services, we collect certain Personal Data including your name, and phone number.We may collect additional information you provide to us, such as financial information (for example.
payment method and credit card number), and additional authentication information, to provide you with the Services you need (such as payment), or to ensure the integrity of the Services (for example, prevention of fraud).
You may edit certain of your Personal Data at any time by using the features of your account or by sending us an email to:&nbsp;mobility_support@here.com.


(b) Device and Technical Information.



When you use the Services, we will also collect the following data, each to the extent applicable to your use-case: device information that includes device ID or any other unique device/user identifier, advertiser ID, publisher ID, device type and model, device manufacturer, the applicable Service version, Partner User ID, operating system and version, browser type and version, city, language, time stamp, IP address, screen resolution.


(c) Support Information 


When you interact with us via support or feedback, we will collect certain Personal Data generated by your use of the Services or Personal Data that you choose to share with us to better respond to your inquiries.
We may, in accordance with applicable law, document your communication with our support team or with other similar contact channels.


(d) Information Provided to Us When You Book and Complete A Ride


When you request transportation services as a Consumer through the Services, the following information will be collected by us either from you or from our relevant Partner requesting the ride on your behalf:

&nbsp;- Ride Request details: pick-up and/or drop-off location, and any additional requirements you may have such as number of passengers, suitcases, etc.

&nbsp;-&nbsp.
User details:&nbsp.
your name and phone number.&nbsp;

&nbsp;-&nbsp.
User verification: Your identity and access will be verified via the verification code that we send to your mobile device;

-&nbsp.
Transportation and location details: If applicable, you may receive a text message from us to your mobile device with a link to access the Ride Tracker.
The information that we collect includes the location of the driver and the progress of the ride on a map.

-&nbsp.
Payment details: the relevant Transport Provider may provide us with information about the payment method which you used when you pay directly to such provider.

- Additional details: the relevant Transport Provider may provide us any other information you may have provided directly to such provider with respect to your ride/transport preferences.

Kiosk/Web Widget - when you use these Services, your Personal Data that we and/or the relevant Partner collect in connection with these Services, is directly provided by you, and we act as independent data controller with respect to such data, and the Partner acts as an independent data controller with respect to such data.&nbsp;

Mobility for Concierge.
Demand API - when you use these Services, your Personal Data that we and/or the relevant Partner collect in connection with these Services, is directly provided by you, and we act as data processor with respect to such data, and the Partner acts as a data controller with respect to such data.&nbsp;
Please note that once you book a ride and/or any other service with a Transport Provider of your choice, you enter into a contract directly with the relevant Transport Provider who provides the Transport Provider Services to you.


(e)
 &nbsp;
Information You Provide When You Use the Mobility SDK via a Developer Mobile App


(1) When you are using a Demand Partner (who is a developer) mobile app (“Developer App”) that incorporates the Mobility SDK to request transportation services, the following information will be collected by us from you:

&nbsp;- Ride Request details: pick-up and/or drop-off location, and any additional requirements you may have such as number of passengers, suitcases, etc.

&nbsp;- User details:&nbsp.
your name and phone number.&nbsp;

&nbsp;- User verification: Your identity and access will be verified via the verification code that we send to your mobile device;

&nbsp;- Transportation and location details: If applicable, you may receive a text message from us to your mobile device with a link to access the Ride Tracker.
The information that we collect includes the location of the driver and the progress of the ride on a map.

&nbsp;- Payment details: the relevant Transport Provider may provide us with information about the payment method which you used when you pay directly to such provider.

&nbsp;- Additional details: the relevant Transport Provider may provide us any other information you may have provided directly to such provider with respect to your ride/transport preferences.
(2) When you are using a Developer App to access and use mapping and location services available via the Mobility SDK, then the following information will be collected by us either from you, or from the relevant developer of the Developer App you use:

- Location details: your current location from your mobile device’s available positioning methods, such as GPS, if you have granted this access to the Developer mobile app.
and the locations of places and geographic points of interest (collectively, “POI”) if it is provided by the developer mobile app (via the Mobility SDK).
Please note that when you are using a Developer App which incorporates the Mobility SDK to access and use the Services, you are doing so based on the contract you entered into directly with the relevant developer of the Developer App you use.

Mobility SDK: when you use this Service, your Personal Data that we and/or the relevant developer collect in connection with these Services, is directly provided by you, and we act as data processor with respect to such data, and the developer acts as a data controller with respect to such data.&nbsp;
Please refer to the privacy policy of the developers whose Developer Apps you use to understand more about how the developers will treat the Personal Data you provide to them.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of others and we recommend you read their privacy notices.
1.1.2 In Our Legitimate Interests.&nbsp.
In some circumstances, it may be necessary for us to process your Personal Data for the legitimate interests of our ongoing business operations or the operation of the Services.
Where we rely on a legitimate interest to process your data, we will only do so when our interests are not outweighed by your individual rights and freedoms.
Our legitimate interests are:
- Investigating, preventing, and protecting against fraud, security risks, threats to you and others, and violations of this Privacy Policy or the Terms;
- Protecting and defending our rights and properties, including intellectual property;
- Understanding, maintaining and improving the Services and their usage, user experience, and customer relationships
- Providing an optimized and enhanced user experience;
- Developing new services and features for our users.
and
- Communicating with you regarding the Services.
1.1.3 With your Consent.
There is certain data which we will only use if you choose to share it with us.
If you choose to share this data with us, we will use it for the following purposes only.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.&nbsp;


(a) Location Data and Travel Routes


When you grant the Demand Partner permission to access your Location Data to enable the Services, we will use it for purposes of: providing you with relevant offers from Transport Providers and public transportation (if applicable), or to enable you to use the Mobility SDK mapping and location services.
When you use the Mobility SDK (as available via a Developer App) or the Demand API (via a Demand Partner mobile app), we collect and use information about your actual geographic location (“Location Data”).
Location Data reveals where you currently are and/or where you have been.
Location Data is based on available positioning methods, such as Assisted GPS.
When you enabled your Location Data, we access and collect your Location Data.
You have the ability to disable the location feature of any mobile app you use via your mobile device’s settings at all times.
However, should you do so, the Mobility SDK/Demand API will not function or operate as intended.



(b) Cookies and related Technologies


We may use cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies including such technologies provided by third parties to: (i) operate and improve the Services (including the Websites) and related services, (ii) serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, (iii) and analyze the Services traffic and trends, and (iv) the online behaviors and interests of users who interact with the Services.
Please review our Cookie Policy to find out more about how we use cookies and how you can disable cookies by browser settings or otherwise.
In addition, we may use elements provided by third-parties such as cookies, web beacons, SDKs, and other similar technologies that are placed by these third parties on our behalf to identify your device when you visit the Websites and use the Services, as well as when you visit other online sites and services.
We use the services of certain third parties to provide us with audience measurement and analytics services, to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet, and to track and report on the performance of such advertisements.
Third parties’ use of cookies, web beacons, SDKs, and other similar technologies is governed by the privacy notices of those third parties, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to the data processing activities of those third parties.
Please consult our Cookie Policy to find out more about the third-party services we use.
We do not control how third-party partners process your data, and we encourage you to visit their websites to learn more about their privacy practices.&nbsp;
We use Amplitude for analytics and to determine which areas of these Services users like and don’t like, based on traffic to those areas, and which allows us to collect metrics on how users interact with the Services.
You can learn more about how Amplitude protects your Personal Data by clicking here: https://amplitude.com/privacy.
We also collect social media handles, content, and other data posted on our official social media pages and information (such as email address and other information) you allow to be shared through our social media apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins.

Learn more about your choices and how to opt-out of tracking technologies:

In order to delete or block any tracking technologies, please refer to the “Help” area on your internet browser for further instructions, or you may also opt out of third party tracking technologies by following the instructions provided by each third party service provider in its privacy policy listed above or visiting www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Please note however that deleting any of our tracking technologies or disabling future tracking technologies may prevent you from accessing certain areas or features of the Services that operate on the web or may otherwise adversely affect your user experience.


(c) Usage Analytics


When you use the Services, we may collect information related to your usage patterns and interaction with the Services, including the duration of your use of the Services, information regarding your clicks and error diagnostics, including start and stop events, menu items accessed, and features selected or default values changed.
We may also collect error diagnostics information including for example which actions led to the error.
We collect these information with your consent, to provide you with a better experience while using the Services and to provide you with technical support.
1.1.4 To comply with our Legal Obligations.
At times we will process your Personal Data where it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations.
responding to requests from law enforcement or government authorities or as otherwise required by applicable laws and regulations.
If you want to learn more, please email us at mobility_support@here.com.

1.2 Text Message Communication 

We may use your phone number provided during registration or when booking a ride for the purpose of facilitating the Services to you.
You may opt out of receiving text messages from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link which is part of the text messages you receive, or by sending us an email to: mobility_support@here.com.
Please note that we may also contact you, including via text messages, with important information regarding the Services or your account, and verification purposes.
For example, we may notify you (through any of the means available to us) of changes or updates to the Services, payment issues, service maintenance, etc.
You will not be able to opt-out of receive such service messages.

1.3 How non-Personal Data is otherwise processed

Please note that we use and/or share non-Personal Data, including in aggregated or statistical form, without any restriction, including with existing and prospective third-party business partners, researchers and advertisers.

2.
How Your Personal Data is Shared or Disclosed


What This Means.
Sharing information with certain third parties is integral to the Services.
As a Consumer, some of your Personal Data will be shared with Partners and Partner Users for the purpose of facilitating the Services to you.
In addition, some of your Personal Data will be shared with other third parties, such as our affiliated companies and service providers.


2.1 With Partners and Partner Users

When you use the Services, and in order to provide the Services, Partners and representatives of a Partner (as defined above) who access and/or use the Services on such Partner´s behalf (“Partner User”) can see and access information about you in circumstances such as:
(a) When you are using the Services to book and/or take a ride, your Personal Data, namely your name, phone number, desired pick-up and drop off locations, and any other information you choose to share, will be shared with the relevant Demand Partner (and its Partner Users) through which you access and use the Services.
(b) When you are using the Services to book and/or take a ride, your Personal Data, namely your name, phone number, desired pick-up and drop off locations, and any other information you choose to share, will be shared with the relevant Transport Provider/Dispatch Partner (and its Partner Users) whose Transport Provider Services you book.
(c) When you are using the Services to book and/or take a ride, your Personal Data, namely your name, phone number, desired pick-up and drop off locations, and any other information you choose to share, will be shared with drivers who will provide you with the Transport Provider Services you book on behalf of the relevant Transport Provider/Dispatch Partner.
Please refer to the privacy policy of the relevant Partners you chose to understand how they will use your data.

2.2 With Affiliated Companies

We will share information with our affiliated companies, to the extent they are providing us with services, as may be required for the purposes of processing as described above or otherwise as specifically described in this Privacy Policy.

2.3 With Our Authorized Third-Party Service Providers

We share Personal Data with authorized third-party service providers we use in order to facilitate, provide and enhance the Services, operate the Websites, fulfil obligations imposed on us by applicable laws and regulations, and prevent fraud and illegal activities.
We take commercially reasonable steps to require third-party service providers to adequately safeguard your Personal Data and only process it in accordance with our instructions.
The following are the categories of third-party service providers that we use: (i) analytics and product optimization tools, (ii) beta testing vendors and community management services, (iii) user communication services, (iv)&nbsp;hosting services.
(v) technical support services and forum hosting.
(vi) user acquisition tracking services.
(vii) viral campaign tracking services.
(viii) targeting and retargeting services.
(ix) third party payment vendors.
and (x) CRM and mailing vendors.

2.4 Mergers and Acquisitions

If we decide to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize our businesses in certain countries, this may involve us disclosing Personal Data to prospective or actual purchasers and their advisers, or receiving Personal Data from sellers and their advisers.

2.5 As Required by Law or in Relation to Legal Proceedings

We may be obligated by mandatory law to disclose your Personal Data to certain authorities or other third parties, for example, to law enforcement agencies in the countries where we or third parties acting on our behalf operate.
We may also disclose and otherwise process your Personal Data in accordance with applicable law to defend our legitimate interests, for example, in civil or criminal legal proceedings.
&nbsp;
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise share your Personal Data with third parties, except as described in this Privacy Policy.&nbsp;

3.
How Long Do We Store Information?


What This Means
.

Your Personal Data is retained as long as you keep your account active or as otherwise necessary for protecting our legal rights or complying with our legal obligations.
&nbsp;
We will retain your Personal Data related to your account for as long as your account is active, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce the Terms.
After you close your account, we may retain your data for up to thirty (30) calendar days to allow us a reasonable time to properly close your account (or, if longer retention of certain data is required under law, we will retain such data for such longer period of time).
After such period, we will move your data to a ‘Legal Compliance Only’ folder and will retain your data or any part thereof, solely as required or otherwise permitted under applicable law, whichever is shorter.
Our longest retention period is seven years for financial information.
Once this period has expired, we will delete your data.
If your data is being used in aggregated format, for business purpose, this will not be deleted.
Such aggregated data includes, for example, historical usage of the Services, and rides booked.
You will not be identifiable from this data.

4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
Data Transfer


What This Means
.

Your information, including Personal Data might be transferred outside the country where you use the 
Services
.
&nbsp;
The Services may be provided using resources and servers located in various countries around the world.
Therefore, your Personal Data may be transferred across international borders outside the country where you use the Services or access our Website.
For European users, this means that data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland that have different legal rules on data protection, for example, the United States of America.
In such cases we ensure that there is a legal basis for such a transfer and that adequate protection for your Personal Data is provided as required by applicable law.
If you have any questions about the transfer of your data to other countries, please email us at: mobility_support@here.com.

5.&nbsp;
How We Protect Your Information?


What This Means.
&nbsp;We use standard industry protocols and technology to protect your Personal Data.

The Services incorporate safeguards designed to protect the security, integrity, and privacy of the Personal Data we have collected.
We have put in place reasonable precautions to protect information from loss, misuse, and alteration, including Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology on the Services.
When we collect Personal Data from you when using the Services, such information is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way.&nbsp.
Please note that while we take steps to safeguard your Personal Data, we have no control over how other users of the Services and the public at large may use the information you choose to share while using the Services.&nbsp;

6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
Your Rights


What This Means.
You have a right to access, correct, amend, delete, stop us using or object to our use of your Personal Data or request that we transfer certain Personal Data to a third party, or withdraw the consent you have previously given, at any time.


If applicable law grants you such rights and subject to the limitations in applicable law, you may have the following rights in relation to your Personal Data:

- Right of access to your Personal Data.
This enables you to receive a copy of the Personal Data that we hold about you.

- Right of correction of the Personal Data that we hold about you.
This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, although we may need to&nbsp;verify the accuracy of the new data that you provide to us.

- Right to deletion of your Personal Data.
This enables you to ask us to delete or remove Personal Data in certain circumstances.
Please note, however, that we may retain your data in certain circumstances in accordance with law, which will be notified to you, if&nbsp;applicable, at the time of your request.

- Right to stop us processing of your Personal Data.
This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your Personal Data in the following scenarios: (a) if you would like us to establish the accuracy of such data.
(b) where our use of the data is unlawful, but you do not want us to erase it.
(c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
or (d) you have objected to our&nbsp;use of your data, but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to&nbsp;use it.

- Right to portability of your Personal Data to you or to a third party.
If you so request, we shall provide you, or a third party that you have chosen, with a copy of certain Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Please note that this right only applies to information that you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform our contract with you.

- Right to object to processing of your Personal Data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation that makes you want to object to processing on this ground and we will consider whether we have compelling reasons to continue to process your data.

- Right to object to direct marketing You also have the right to object where we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.

- Right to withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your Personal Data.
If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to&nbsp;provide certain products, content or services to you.
You may always be able to opt out of receiving marketing emails and/or text messages from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link which is part of the email and/or text messages you receive.
If you wish to exercise these rights, or if you wish to revise your privacy permissions or choices please email us at: mobility_support@here.com.
If you believe your privacy has been compromised, please email us at: mobility_support@here.com as soon as you can.
Please note that in cases where we act as data processer with respect to your Personal Data, you must contact the relevant Partner who acts as the data controller with respect to your Personal Data, to exercise your rights.

7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
Modifications to this Privacy Policy and to the Services


What this Means.
 We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy, and we will notify you and ask for your consent through the Services in case of modifications that materially change the treatment of Personal Data.

We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time, at our discretion, and modifications are effective upon being posted on any part of the Services, the next time you use the Services whether by pop-up notification or otherwise.
Such modifications will not change the scope of our collection or use of your Personal Data collected before such modifications.
The date on which this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
If we make material changes to how we treat your Personal Data, we will also ask for your consent to such changes through the Services.
In case you choose not to provide your consent upon a material change, we may need to close your account.
The features of the Services, including features that involve data collection, use, and disclosure, will evolve over time as we develop new, or discontinue existing, functionalities for the Services.
We may require registration or consent for additional features that may be developed or added to the Services from time to time.
When we add new features to the Services that involve processing Personal Data, we will update this Privacy Policy and notify you of the changes.
When we discontinue features that involve processing your Personal Data, we will cease using your Personal Data for the purposes of providing those features.&nbsp;

8.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
Contacting Us


What this Means.
 You may contact us either via email or post mail at these addresses.

Questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy can be directed to us via email at mobility_support@here.com or at:
HERE Global B.V
C/O Privacy
Kennedyplein 222 -226
5611 ZT Eindhoven
The Netherlands
The Company’s Data Protection Officer can be contacted at:
Henri Kujala
HERE Deutschland GmbH
Invalidenstrasse 116
10115 Berlin
Germany
Email: mobility.privacy@here.com
If you are not satisfied with the Company’s response or believe we are processing your Personal Data not in accordance with the law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority.
Contact information for your local Data Protection Authority can be found here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;   HERE WeGo, HERE application or HERE Maps Privacy Supplement (updated) Effective date:&nbsp;Tuesday, 12 February, 2019 We respect and take your privacy seriously.
HERE’s Privacy Policy&nbsp;(“Privacy Policy”) explains how we process your personal data when you use our products and services.
&nbsp;In addition, this HERE WeGo, HERE application or HERE Maps Privacy Supplement (updated) (“Privacy Supplement”) describes our practices with respect to your information when you use the HERE WeGo, HERE application and HERE Maps (collectively, the “Service”).
The purpose of this Privacy Supplement is to give you background information on data processing for different features available in the Service.
The features of the Service enable you to find places and addresses on a map, interact with them and access relevant content, locate yourself on a map, as well as to enable you to use transportation provided by third parties and facilitated by us.
With navigation you are able to find the optimal route to your destination, even inside buildings.
You can relive and share your location experiences with your friends on different Social Networking Services (“SNS”).
We encourage you to familiarise yourself with the privacy policies of third party services, when you interact with them.
HERE is not in control or responsible for the contents and features of third party services.
Your use of the Service is subject to the HERE WeGo, HERE application and HERE Maps Service Terms (“Terms”) and indicates your agreement to them and your acknowledgement of this Privacy Supplement.&nbsp;
Please note that the features of the Service may depend on how you access the Service.
Different device models and software versions of the Service may offer different features.

What information do we collect?

We collect the following categories of information and use it as described in this Privacy Supplement:

Registration Information 

Some features of the Service may require the use of HERE account, for example when you want to synchronise your collections.
You may continue to use the other features of the Service without signing in.
When you sign-up for a HERE account, we collect your name, email address and your date of birth.
When you are logged in with your HERE account, we will try to automatically synchronise your recent searches and your collections in association with your HERE account.

Contact Information and Additional Information

When you use the feature of the Service that enables you to book a ride with any third-party transportation services provider (i.e., a taxi company) (“Transport Provider”), who provides its transportation services to you through such feature, we collect your name and phone number.
In addition, each time you use this feature of the Service to book rides, we collect your relevant pick-up and drop-off locations, pick up time, and any additional information that you chose to provide us with.
For example, when you add notes to your booking.

Information Provided to Transport Providers

When you book a ride with your chosen Transport Provider, we provide the relevant Transport Provider with the following information: your name, phone number, pick-up and drop-off locations, pick up time, and any additional information that you chose to provide us with.

Information Provided by Transport Providers

After you book a ride with your chosen Transport Provider, we will show you the location of the driver that will pick you up, if it is provided to us from the relevant Transport Provider, on a map or by any other relevant means, until your ride ends.
This data is provided to you, so that you may&nbsp;know where your driver is and may track the progress of the ride.

Location data and place information

Our Service makes use of information about your actual location (“Location Data”) and information about places (“Place Information”).
Location Data reveals where you currently are or where you have been.
Location Data is based on available positioning methods, such as Assisted GPS.
In many device models the user interface of the Service identifies the use of positioning with an icon.
Place Information is general information pertaining to particular geographical location (e.g.
city or a location of a restaurant) that you may have provided to us, for example your collections.
Unless otherwise stated, we use random identifiers in connection with your Location Data that do not identify you personally.
When you start to use the Service, the applicable feature of the Service activates your selected positioning methods to retrieve your current location.
The Service may send your Location Data to HERE when you use location enabled features of the Service, such as enable navigation, ask information about nearby services or offerings, use search features, provide you with relevant offers from Transport Providers and public transportation vendors, as well as when the Service asks for new maps for new areas you have navigated into.
Location Data may also be collected when you use the traffic feature for service improvement purposes without identifying you personally.
Place Information may be sent to HERE for example when you synchronise your collections.

Push Notifications

You will be asked to allow us to send you push notifications via the application.
We ask you to grant us with this permission for the purpose of enabling us to communicate with&nbsp;you about the Service.

Information about Service usage

You may participate to improving our services.
See&nbsp;Your privacy in the HERE Improvement Program&nbsp;for more details.
The Service may include HERE-provided positioning services, including Wi-Fi or other network-based positioning methods.
The use of these technologies and positioning services may involve sharing any or all of the following with HERE: Location Data, speed, direction and timestamp.
number of satellites used in positioning.
parameters of nearby mobile network towers.
parameters of nearby Wi-Fi routers and/or Bluetooth® beacons.
Mobile Country Code and Mobile Network Code of your mobile subscription.
This information is sent to us when you use the Service, after which it is deleted from your device.
We do not use this data to identify you personally or combine this information with your HERE account.
When you decide to use the Traffic features of the Service, Location Data, speed, direction and timestamp are sent from your device to HERE to detect traffic jams, traffic patterns, changed road conditions and other such conditions so that we can provide you with better service.
This information is analysed to distinguish independent routes and traffic patterns and contains an identifier, which is persistent for the duration of the route.
You may choose the extent to which you contribute to the improvement of our services.
In the context of Traffic features of the Service, you can provide us with the Location Data, speed, direction and timestamp, along with the changing identifier, either when you use the Service, when the Service is not actively used or even when the applicable Service is closed.
If the application is closed, we’ll attempt to detect when you’re driving to enable the background collection.
We may use methods available from the mobile operating system or other contextual information to detect driving scenarios.
You can always change your Traffic preferences in the application settings either in Settings or About.
This information is sent to us when you use the Service, after which it is deleted from your device.

Device and Technical information &nbsp;

In addition to personal data that you actively provide when you create a HERE account and/or book a ride with a Transport Provider, after you download and install the application,&nbsp;or book a ride via HERE WeGo, certain technical details of your client as well as your transactions with HERE may be automatically collected by HERE, including your device ID or any other unique identifier, advertiser ID (if applicable), publisher ID (if applicable), the device on which you installed the application and/or the device via which you use the Service, operator, device type and model, device manufacturer, application version, operating system and version, browser type and version, city, language,&nbsp;referral URL, IP address, local time, push notification settings,&nbsp;screen resolution, memory and if your GPS is enabled/disabled in your application.

Support Information 

When you interact with us via support or feedback, we will also collect certain personal data generated by your use of the Service or personal data that you choose to share with us to better respond to your inquiries.
We may, in accordance with applicable law, record your communication with our support team or with other similar contact channels.

Cookies and Related Technologies

We use cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies for purposes such as: to operate and improve the Service, our websites related services, serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, and analyze the Service traffic and trends, and the online behaviors and interests of users who interact with the Service.
Please visit our Cookie Policy to find out more about how we use cookies and how you can disable cookies by browser settings or otherwise.
We may use elements provided by third-parties such as cookies, web beacons, SDKs, and other similar technologies that are placed by these third parties on our behalf to identify your device when you visit our websites and use the Service, as well as when you visit other online sites and services.
We use the services of these third parties to provide us with audience measurement and analytics services, to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet, and to track and report on the performance of such advertisements.
Third parties use of cookies, web beacons, SDKs, and other similar technologies is governed by the privacy notices of those third parties, and this Privacy Supplement does not apply to the data processing activities of those third parties.
We do not control how third-party partners process your data, and we encourage you to visit their websites to learn more about their privacy practices.&nbsp;
We use Amplitude for Service analytics and to determine which areas of the Service users like and don’t like, based on traffic to those areas, and allows us to collect metrics on how users interact with the Service.&nbsp.
This helps us continue to build a better service for you.&nbsp.
You can learn more about how Amplitude protects your personal data by clicking here: https://amplitude.com/privacy.
We also collect social media handles, content, and other data posted on our official social media pages and information (such as email address and other information) you allow to be shared through our social media apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins.
We will only use the cookies and related technologies described above with your consent.&nbsp.
If you want to learn more, please email us at privacy@here.com with the subject heading “Cookies”.

Our uses of your data


Non-personal use of Location Data or Place Information

We do not associate your Location Data or Place Information with your other personal information, such as HERE account, unless you have asked us to do so.
For example, if you save a place to your collection, we do not combine this information with your Location Data unless you have asked us to do so.
Please note that we may use and/or share your non-personal data, including in aggregated form, without restriction, including with existing and prospective third-party business partners, researchers and advertisers.

Provision and development of the Service

We collect and process your information in order to provide you with the Service, to provide you with a better experience while using the Service, to provide you with technical support and to develop our products and services.

Communicate with you and make recommendations

We may also use this information to communicate with you and provide you with more improved search and recommendations to better assist you to find a place you may like.

Location based advertising 

The Service may include provision of location based advertising or other similar content.
For example if you ask for weather information you may be served with advertising content tailored to that location.
The Service may also include behaviorally profiled advertisements.
For the purposes of providing relevant advertisements to you, we may share your device specific advertising ID to advertising networks.

What is our legal basis for processing your Personal Data?

We process your personal data in context of the Service for the following legal bases:

Performance of a contract with you

We collect and process your personal data to perform our obligations under the Terms.
For example, we collect your Location Data in order to provide you with navigation services and offer you with transportation options and services to your destinations.

Our legitimate interests.&nbsp;
In some circumstances, it may be necessary for us to process your personal data for the legitimate interests of our ongoing business operations or the operation of the Service.
Where we rely on a legitimate interest to process your data, we will only do so when our interests are not outweighed by your individual rights and freedoms.
We process the following data on the basis of legitimate interests: Support Information, and Information about Service usage.
Our legitimate interests are: (i) investigating, preventing, and protecting against fraud, security risks, threats to you and others, and violations of this Privacy Supplement or the Terms.
(ii) protecting and defending our rights and properties, including intellectual property.
(iii) complying with laws and regulations that apply to us, as well as responding to requests from law enforcement or government authorities or as otherwise required by law.
(iv) understanding and improving the usage of our services and products, user experience, and customer relationships.
(v) providing an optimized and enhanced user experience.
(vi) maintaining and improving our Service.
(vii) developing new services and features for our users.
and (viii) communicating with you regarding the Service and, as appropriate, promoting and advertising certain functions available within the Service.

Your consent

There is certain data which we will only use if you choose to share it with us.
For example, location Data and Push Notifications.
You may withdraw your consent, at any time, via your mobile device’s settings.
Doing so will bar us from processing of your personal data based on your consent from that day onward, but will not impact the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data based on your consent before it was withdrawn.
Please note that some of the features of the Service may only be available to you based on consent.
This Service enables you to activate additional optional features and/or functionalities and help us improve the Service, including Traffic and&nbsp;HERE Improvement Program.

To comply with our Legal Obligations.&nbsp;
At times we will process your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations.

How long do we retain Personal Data?

We endeavor to only collect personal data that are necessary for the purposes for which they are collected, and to retain such data for no longer than is necessary for such purposes.
The length of time personal data is retained, and criteria for determining that time, are dependent on the nature of the personal data and the purpose for which it was provided.
For example, your personal data related to managing your HERE account (such as name, email address, and account content and preferences) are maintained for as long as they are retained by you within your HERE account.
Other data, such as records of your activity within the Service (as applicable), are typically maintained only for a short period before being anonymized.
You may contact the HERE Privacy Office at&nbsp;privacy@HERE.com&nbsp;to obtain additional information about retention of your personal data.

Your choices

The Service offers a variety of choices to allow you to control how your Location Data and other information are collected.
You may use the Service in offline or online mode.
No Location Data or other information is sent to HERE if you only use the Service in offline mode.
Please note, that your device may nevertheless continue to store and have already stored information which may be sent to HERE as set forth in this Privacy Supplement.
You choose whether to enable the Traffic feature of the Service and if you participate to HERE Improvement Program.
You may withdraw your consent, at any time, via the application Setting.
You can choose the level at which you participate in the development of HERE’s products and services.
You may separately turn the&nbsp;HERE Improvement Program&nbsp;and Traffic on and off.
You can only enable the Traffic features if you also contribute to the improvement of our services.
Once enabled, you can choose the extent to which you contribute to the improvement of our services: only when the application is running or when the application is running or closed.
Please note that you may be able to independently turn the Traffic layer on and off.
This only impacts the visualization of the Traffic content.
You can switch positioning services on and off using your device settings.
Device positioning settings also control HERE positioning services.
If you configure your device such that you are not using any assisted positioning methods, HERE positioning services will also not be used.
You may also clear your recent searches and destinations from the local storage of the Service.
Clearing local storage will also clear already synchronised recent searches in the next synchronization instance.

How your Information is shared or disclosed?

Your Location Data will not be shared with other service providers or advertisers without your permission.
The Service may allow you to share your Location Data or Place Information with a social network or directly with your friends.
The Service also includes content from and links to third party sites and services.
When you interact with these sites and services, you may provide your current location to them.
We recommend that you check your settings and the privacy policies of such social networks or other third parties to understand how they process your information.
When you choose to use public transportation services that Transport Providers, or other third parties may provide or offer to you via the Service, such as taxi rides, bus rides or other transportation means, we will share the following information about you with the relevant Transport Providers to facilitate the ride: your name, phone number, pick-up and drop-of locations (subject to applicable law).&nbsp;
We may use third parties to advertise our content or Service on other online or any Service-based social networking platforms.
When you interact with our advertisements on these platforms, such as clicking on the advertisement, the advertiser or social networking platform collects information such as the platform on which the advertisement appeared, the advertiser ID (if applicable), publisher ID (if applicable) and geolocation.
These third-party platforms may use web technologies, such as cookies, to enable us to display promotional materials when you visit other websites, or other targeting and retargeting technologies, to enable us to display promotional materials when you visit other websites, applications or social networking platforms.
The collection and use of your personal data by such third-party platforms is governed by the terms of use and privacy policies of those third parties.
This Privacy Supplement does not apply to such third-party platforms processing your data, and we are not responsible for their processing activities.
We encourage you to review the terms of use and privacy policies of the social platforms where you see our advertising content.&nbsp;
We may share your personal data as set forth herein below or as may be explained in more detail in our Privacy Policy:
(1) with your consent;
(2) with HERE companies;
(3) with authorised third parties, who process personal data on our behalf for purposes described in this Privacy Supplement.
The following are the categories of third-party service providers that we use: (i) analytics and product optimization tools, (ii) beta testing platforms, (iii) user communication services, (iv)&nbsp;hosting services, (v) technical support services.
(vi) user acquisition tracking services.
(vii) viral campaign tracking services.
and (viii) targeting and retargeting services;
(4) As required as part of any mergers and acquisitions we undergo.
and
(5) As required by law or in relation to legal proceedings.
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise share your personal data with third parties, except as described in this Privacy Supplement.&nbsp;

What are your rights?

In certain circumstances, you have the following rights in relation to your personal data.&nbsp.
Please note that in order for us to verify that it is you making the request we may ask for certain verification information:

&nbsp;- Right of access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request").
This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data that we hold about you.

- Right of correction of the personal data that we hold about you.
This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, although we may need to&nbsp;verify the accuracy of the new data that you provide to us.

- Right to deletion of your personal data.
This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data in certain circumstance Please note, however, that we may retain your data in certain circumstances in accordance with law, which will be notified to you, if&nbsp;applicable, at the time of your request.

- Right to stop us processing of your Personal Data.
This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you would like us to establish the accuracy of such data.
(b) where our use of the data is unlawful, but you do not want us to erase it.
(c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
or (d) you have objected to our&nbsp;use of your data, but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to&nbsp;use it.

- Right to portability of your personal data to you or to a third party.
If you so request, we shall provide you, or a third party that you have chosen, with a copy of certain personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Please note that this right only applies to information that you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform our contract with you.

- Right to object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation that makes you want to object to processing on this ground and we will consider whether we have compelling reasons to continue to process your data.

- Right to object to direct marketing You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.

- Right to withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data.
If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to&nbsp;provide certain products, content or services to you.
You may always be able to opt out of receiving push notifications from your device Setting.
As noted elsewhere in this Privacy Supplement, however, there are certain functionalities of the Service that cannot be modified or disabled, as they are integral to the functioning of the Service.
For example, location services must be enabled in order for the application to function.
If you disable location services through the general settings of your mobile device, the application will not function, and you will be provided with a prompt upon opening the application that location services will need to be re-enabled.

Who is the controller of your Personal Data?

HERE Global B.V.
of Kennedyplein 222 -226, 5611 ZT Eindhoven, the Netherlands is the controller of your personal data.

Modifications to this 
Privacy Supplement
and to the Services

We may modify this Privacy Supplement at any time, at our discretion, and modifications are effective upon being posted on any part of the Service, the next time you use the Service whether by pop-up notification or otherwise.
Such modifications will not change the scope of our collection or use of your personal data collected before such modifications.
The date on which this Privacy Supplement was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
If we make material changes to how we treat your personal data, we will also ask for your consent to such changes through the Service.
In case you choose not to provide your consent upon a material change, we may need to close your account.
The features of the Service, including features that involve data collection, use, and disclosure, will evolve over time as we develop new, or discontinue existing, functionalities for the Service.
We may require registration or consent for additional features that may be developed or added to the Service from time to time.
When we add new features to the Service that involve processing personal data, we will update this Privacy Supplement and notify you of the changes.
When we discontinue features that involve processing your personal data, we will cease using your personal data for the purposes of providing those features.&nbsp;

Other information

We advise you to use appropriate consideration when you name your collections.
For example, if you do not want all the users of the Service to know the location of your home, do not name the location of your home “home” and share it with all users.
Please let us know if you encounter any content that you find inappropriate in nature either as part of place details or in street level imagery.
For more information about our privacy practices, check our Privacy Policy.
For information concerning the Service, check our&nbsp;support pages.

Contacting Us

Questions or concerns about this Privacy Supplement can be directed to us via the following contact details, which are the contact information of our Data Protection Officer, Henri Kujala:
HERE Global B.V&nbsp;
c/o Privacy
Kennedyplein 222-226
5611 ZT Eindhoven
The Netherlands
Email:&nbsp;privacy@here.com

If you are not satisfied with the HERE’s response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority.
Contact information for your local Data Protection Authority can be found here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm.

Your California Privacy Rights

If you are a resident of the State of California and you have provided your personal data to us, you have the right to request a list of all third parties to which we have disclosed your personal data for direct marketing purposes.&nbsp.
Under California law, you have the right to submit such a request to us and receive the following information:

- The categories of information we have disclosed to third parties for third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the preceding year (if any).
and

- The names and addresses of third parties that received such information, or if the nature of their business cannot be determined from the name, then examples of the products or services marketed.
&nbsp;   HERE Tracking reference apps privacy supplement Effective date:&nbsp;28/11/2017 
HERE Tracking reference apps


Effective date 28.11.2017


Your privacy in HERE Tracking reference apps

HERE’s Privacy Policy explains how we process your personal data when you use our products and services.
In addition, the following information applies to your use of HERE Tracking reference apps (the “Service”).The purpose of this document is to give background information on data processing for different features available in the Service.
The features of the Service enable you to monitor and track different kinds of assets (“Asset”), which can report their location and other supplementary information to HERE Tracking Service, oversee the current location of the Asset, request for update of the status of the Asset, define a geofence for the Asset and make the Asset report on any changes in relation to the geofence (such as “entered the geofence” and “left the geofence”).
You may also be able to assign other users capabilities to oversee the Assets.
We encourage you to familiarise yourself with the privacy policies of third party services, when you interact with them.
HERE is not in control or responsible for the contents and features of those services.
Please understand that the features of the Service may depend on how you access the Service.
Different device models and software versions of the Service may offer different features.
What information do we collect?
We collect the following categories of information:

Registration and contact details

Some features may require the use of HERE account, for example when you want to associate an Asset to your account.
The only way for you to claim ownership of an Asset is to assignthat Asset to your HERE account.
When you are logged in with your HERE account, we will try to automatically synchronise your Assets associated with your HERE account.

Location data and place information

Our Service makes use of information about your actual location (“Location Data”) and the location of the Assets you are overseeing (“Asset Location”).
Location Data reveals where you currently are or where you have been.
Location Data is based on available positioning methods, such as Assisted GPS.
In many device models the user interface of the Service identifies the use of positioning with an icon.
Asset Location relates to the location of your assigned Assets.
Asset Location is based on available positioning methods, such as WiFi based positioning, Bluetooth based positioning and/or cell-tower based positioning or GPS.
When you start to use the Service application or activate the Asset, the application and the Asset activates your selected positioning methods to retrieve your current location.
The Service as well as the Asset may send your Location Data or Asset Location to HERE when you use location enabled features of the Service online, such as request status of the Assets, or receive or send notifications or instructions from the Assets.
Note that to instantaneously request status of the Asset, we may need to send an SMS to the Asset.
This can only be performed if you register the phone number of the Asset with HERE Tracking Service
You may simulate the behaviour of Assets by using HERE Tracker application, available from application stores for both Android and iPhone devices.
The HERE Tracker application turns your mobile phone into an Asset, and starts reporting the location of your device (as an Asset) to the Service, on intervals configured by you.
The reporting only takes place from the moment onwards once you have assigned your device (as an Asset) to the Service and your HERE account.

Information about Service usage

The Service as well as the Asset may include HERE-provided positioning services, including Wi-Fi or other network-based positioning methods.
The use of these technologies and positioning services may involve sharing any or all of the following with HERE: Location Data, speed, direction and timestamp.
number of satellites used in positioning.
parameters of nearby mobile network towers.
parameters of nearby Wi-Fi routers and/or Bluetooth® beacons.
Mobile Country Code and Mobile Network Code of your mobile subscription.
This information is sent to us when you use the Service or Asset online, after which it is deleted from your device.

Technical information and your transactions

When you use the Service or Asset online, certain technical information such as the type of your device, unique device or network service provider identifiers, internet protocol address, time zone, technical details of your client as well as your transactions with HERE may be automatically collected by HERE.
Our uses of your data

Provision of the Services

As explained in more detail in the privacy policy, the information collected by the Service, including the information reported by your Assets, is used to provide you with the Service, to develop our products and services as well as to communicate with you.
We may also use the information to provide you with more improved functionalities and recommendations to better assist you to manage your Assets.
Your choices
The Service offers a variety of choices to allow you to control how your Location Data, information related to your Assets and their location, and other information are collected.
You can define geofences to control and manage the location of your Assets.
You can also determine other observers or supervisors or owners to your Assets.
Note that each observer will be able to see the location of all of your Assets while each supervisor will be able to see and interact with your Assets, as well as manage and add/delete observers to your Assets and each owner will be able to see and interact with your Assets, as well as manage and add/delete observers, supervisors and owners to your Assets.
Please only add observers or supervisors or owners&nbsp.
you have an association to.
You can define how often you want your Assets to report back to you or to your designated observers or supervisors or owners.
You can also request an Asset to report its status to you by sending a specific request to the Asset.
The Asset controls are provided by the company providing you the Asset.
HERE is not responsible on the controls within the Assets and for controlling the location reporting of the Asset.
You can manage the phone numbers of your Assets via available management interfaces.
The phone number of an Asset is used to request a status update of the Asset.

Information sharing

Your Location Data or Asset Location will not be shared with any third parties without your permission.
The Service may allow you to share your Location Data or Asset Location with your acquintances, by selecting these to become observers or supervisors or owners
As explained in more detail in our privacy policy, we may share your personal data:

with your consent;
with HERE companies and authorised third parties, who process personal data on our behalf;
where there is a legal requirement to do so.&nbsp;


Other information

We advise you to use appropriate consideration when monitoring the location of your Assets.
Use the Service only in an ethically correct way.
Avoid using the Service in any monitoring of a medical condition or safety-critical operation.
For more information about our privacy practices, check our privacy policy.
For information concerning the service, check our support pages.
You may contact us through our customer care or through the following contact details:
HERE Global B.V&nbsp;
c/o Privacy
Kennedyplein 222-226
5611 ZT Eindhoven
Netherlands CONTENTS: Select
What information do we collect?
Our uses of your data
Your choices
   Recruitment Privacy Policy for HERE Effective date:&nbsp;Friday, 25 May, 2018 1.
Introduction
HERE Global B.V., and all other companies of the HERE group of companies (“HERE”), is committed to respecting your privacy and to complying with applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations.
This Recruitment Privacy Policy (“Policy”) informs you about how HERE processes information it collects about you during HERE’s recruitment activities.
It sets out what kind of Personal Data HERE may collect about you and from other sources, how HERE processes your Personal Data during its recruitment activities, and what rights you have in relation to such data.
“Personal Data” means information relating to you or another identifiable individual.
We may provide you additional privacy information to this Policy via supplements and other notices.
If there is a difference between such notices and this Policy, the notices should be considered first.
Our products, services and websites may contain links to other companies’ websites and services that have privacy policies of their own.
HERE is not responsible for the privacy practices of others and we recommend you read their privacy notices.
&nbsp;
2.
What Personal Data does HERE collect?
HERE collects Personal Data directly from you as well as from other available sources to the extent relevant and permitted by applicable local law.
HERE endeavors only to collect Personal Data that are necessary for the purpose(s) for which they are collected and to retain such data for no longer than necessary for such purpose(s).
Subject to applicable local law and practice, the categories of Personal Data that are typically collected and processed in the recruitment context are:


Information you provide: When you create an account in our recruitment management system or otherwise interact with HERE (either directly or through an agency or other third party), you may be asked to provide HERE with your information, such as


your name, street address, telephone number and email address and other contact details;


your competences, skills, experience and education, e.g.
your CV or resume, previous employments, educational details and qualifications, third party references;&nbsp;


your preferences, e.g.
preferred country of employment, areas of interest as well as your preferred ways to be contacted by HERE).
as well as


your user identity, e.g.
user names and other such information used in connection with authenticating you.




Technical Information: When you access our services online, our web servers automatically create records of your visit.
These records typically include IP-address, access times, the sites linked from, pages visited, the links and features used, the content viewed or requested, browser or application type, language and other such information.
When you use our services or otherwise interact with us over telecommunications networks, certain additional information, such as your mobile subscription number, may be transmitted to HERE by the telecommunications operator as a standard part of that communication.
See also our Cookie policy.


Depending on the location of the position, you may be offered the opportunity to provide diversity data such as race, gender, and veteran status.
Provision of this diversity data is optional, and no employment decision will be made on the basis of this data.


Other information, such as information found from public sources as well as information related to credit or background checks, depending on the position you are applying for, and where necessary for the recruitment activities.


3.
What will HERE do with your Personal Data?
HERE will collect, use, store and otherwise process your Personal Data for the purposes of HERE’s recruitment or resourcing activities.
Additionally, your Personal Data may be processed for other purposes you have consented to, or in cases where another legal basis applies or where we are legally allowed to do so.
Whenever necessary and subject to statutory record-keeping requirements, HERE will delete and/or anonymize Personal Data that are no longer needed.
If there has not been any recent activity on your profile, we may delete your profile after a reasonable time in compliance with applicable laws.
Otherwise we will maintain your profile as long as you retain it actively in our systems for you to be able to apply for available positions which may become available to you from time-to-time.
HERE will process your Personal Data for the following purposes:


Communicating with you, in context of recruitment activities, such as:


To obtain additional information where necessary;


To inform you of available vacancies;


To provide you with information relating to your application and to fulfill your requests.




Managing recruitment and resourcing activities, including activities related to organizational planning.
In the course of recruitment activities, we may use your information:


To set up and conduct interviews and assessments;


To evaluate, select and hire applicants;


To conduct background and credit checks and assessments as required or permitted by applicable local law;


To contact third party references provided by you to evaluate your previous performances;


Or as otherwise necessary in context of recruitment activities.




Development of services:


We may use your Personal Data to develop and improve our recruitment processes, websites and other related services.
Where feasible, we use aggregated anonymous information in context of the development activities.&nbsp;




If you are hired, for populating your employee file and various systems and tools used in connection with employment at HERE.&nbsp.
Upon hire, your Personal Data will be subject to the HERE Employment Privacy Policy in lieu of this Policy.


Legal and regulatory compliance, including obtaining and releasing Personal Data as required by law, judicial organizations or practice in order to comply with legal obligations imposed on us.&nbsp;


HERE processes your Personal Data pursuant to several legal bases, depending on the type of data and purpose of the processing.
Under most circumstances, HERE’s processing of your Personal Data in the recruitment context is based on your request in the anticipation of entering into an employment agreement with HERE.
HERE will also process this information where required to comply with legal obligations to which it is subject, such as governmental reporting obligations.
In some circumstances, HERE will process your Personal Data pursuant to its own legitimate interests in operating its business, including conducting the above described activities for internal administrative purposes and ensuring network and information security.
A different legal basis may be provided at the point where Personal Data is collected.
4.
How is Sensitive Information treated?
HERE aims to limit the collection of Sensitive Information
[1]
 and shall only collect Sensitive Information if there is a legal justification for processing it, or if it is collected and processed with your express consent.
HERE recognizes the additional need to protect Sensitive Information.
All Sensitive Information is processed in strict compliance with applicable local law and only by a restricted number of individuals who have a clear and justified need to know such information.
Sensitive Information may be processed where necessary to enable HERE to exercise its legal rights or perform its legal obligations in the field of employment law or related fields of law.
Examples of such obligations include ensuring the health and safety of HERE’s employees through the provision of a safe working environment or where the processing is carried out by a doctor or similar health professional bound by a duty of confidentiality to you and is necessary for medical purposes.
5.
Who has access to your data?
It is HERE’s responsibility to implement appropriate access control measures to ensure that your Personal Data is only accessed by persons having a clear need to know such information.
The extent to which your Personal Data are made accessible will depend upon the nature of the data concerned.
Prior to hire, your Personal Data is not made widely available.
Some Personal Data, such as your resume, job history, and other information relevant to assessing your fitness for the position to which you have applied, are made available as needed to the HERE team you are seeking to join, others within HERE with a stake in the applied for role, and appropriate members of the HERE Human Resources Department.
Except as needed to assess your qualifications for the role, access to most of your Personal Data is restricted to certain experts (e.g.
Human Resources, IT or Legal) to the extent necessary to perform their work tasks.
6.
Transfer of your Personal Data
HERE will not sell, lease, rent or otherwise disclose your Personal Data except as provided in this section:
·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
Consent: HERE may share your Personal Data if you have given your consent for HERE to do so.
·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
HERE companies and authorized third parties: HERE may share your Personal Data with other HERE companies or authorized third parties who process Personal Data for HERE for the purposes described in this Policy or otherwise provide recruitment related services to HERE.
In such cases HERE will ensure that there is a genuine need to transfer your Personal Data and that measures are in place to safeguard the processing of your Personal Data through other HERE companies or authorized third parties.
&nbsp;
Authorized third parties include, for example, recruitment agencies, professional advisors, external legal counsel, consumer credit reporting agencies, recruiting systems providers, providers of assessments and other third party suppliers.
&nbsp;
Authorized third parties may technically have access to your Personal Data in the course of providing their services but will be contractually restricted (or subject to a professional or statutory duty of confidentiality) from processing your Personal Data for other purposes.
HERE also requires them to act consistently with this Policy and to use appropriate security measures to protect your Personal Data.
·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
International transfers of Personal Data: HERE is a global company that has affiliates, business processes, management structures and technical systems that cross national borders.
This means that your Personal Data may be transferred across international borders to countries other than the one where you are applying to as an applicant.
Such other countries do not always have equivalent laws providing specific protection for or rights in relation to Personal Data or they have different rules on privacy and data protection.
HERE takes steps to ensure that there is a legal basis for such a transfer and that adequate protection for your Personal Data is provided as required by applicable law.
Such steps include, for example, the use of standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission or relevant authorities and the requirement to use appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your Personal Data.
You may contact the HERE Privacy Office at privacy@HERE.com to obtain additional information about the safeguards taken by HERE in connection with these transfers.
A copy of the unchangeable Standard Contractual Clauses can be accessed on the webpage of the European Commission.
·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
Mandatory disclosures: HERE may be required by or under mandatory law to disclose your Personal Data to certain authorities or other third parties, for example, to government agencies responsible for the employment activities, statistical information or to the police or other law enforcement agencies, for example in context of conducting a background check.
·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
Mergers and acquisitions: Where HERE takes steps to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize its businesses in certain countries, this may involve disclosing Personal Data to prospective or actual purchasers and their advisers.
In such circumstances, HERE will take all reasonable steps to ensure that appropriate measures to protect Personal Data are taken by such prospective or actual purchasers and their advisors.
·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
Other: HERE may disclose your personal data if it is necessary to protect your vital interests.
HERE may also disclose and otherwise process your Personal Data in accordance with applicable law to defend HERE’s legitimate interests, for example, in legal proceedings.
7.
What steps are taken to safeguard Personal Data?
Privacy and security are key considerations for HERE.
We have assigned specific responsibilities to address privacy and security related matters.
We enforce our internal policies and guidelines through an appropriate selection of activities, including proactive and reactive risk management, security and privacy engineering, training and assessments.
We take appropriate steps to address online security, physical security, risk of data loss and other such risks taking into consideration the risk represented by the processing and the nature of the data being protected.
Also, we limit access to our data bases containing Personal Data to authorized persons having a justified need to access such information.
8.
Data quality
We take reasonable steps to keep the Personal Data we possess accurate and to delete incorrect or unnecessary Personal Data.
We encourage you to access your Personal Data through your account from time to time to ensure that it is up to date.
To the extent permitted or required by applicable local law or subject to your consent, we may use public sources in order to verify that Personal Data we hold is correct.
9.
Your rights
With respect to the processing of your Personal Data, you will always have the rights as provided by applicable local law.
In addition, this Policy provides you with the following rights:


Right to access: You are entitled to be informed of what Personal Data HERE holds about you, the purposes for which they are being processed and categories of recipients to whom they are being or may be disclosed.
There may be certain categories of information prescribed by applicable local law that HERE may lawfully withhold.
If HERE declines to provide access to any of the Personal Data you request, you will be provided with the reasons for such a decision.


Right to request correction and deletion: Subject to applicable local law, you may be entitled to request HERE to rectify, delete or block (as appropriate) your Personal Data that is incorrect, incomplete or unnecessary.


Right to data portability: Subject to applicable local law, you may be entitled to receive a copy of certain Personal Data in a commonly used machine-readable format.


Right to object: You may object to HERE’s processing of your Personal Data on compelling, legitimate grounds relating to your circumstances.
Despite your objections, HERE may be required or permitted by law to process your Personal Data.


Right to restriction of processing: You have the right to require HERE to restrict its processing of your Personal Data (1) during verification of whether your right to object applies.
(2) if you contest the accuracy of the Personal Data, for the period enabling HERE to verify the accuracy of the Personal Data.
(3) if HERE’s processing is unlawful.
and (4) HERE no longer needs your Personal Data for the purposes of the processing, but you wish HERE to retain the data for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
During the restricted processing period, HERE will only process the Personal Data for storage purposes, with your consent, for the establishment, defense or exercise of legal claims, or other purposes permitted by law.


Remedies in case of a violation: You are entitled to all rights and remedies provided by local applicable law.&nbsp.
Generally, you should seek redress in respect of a violation of this Policy from the HERE company which originally collected the relevant Personal Data.


Right to withdraw consent: Where the data processing is based on your consent, you may withdraw that consent at any time.
Withdrawal of that consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on that consent prior to its withdrawal.


Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority: If you are located in a European Union member state or within the European Economic Area, you have the right to lodge a complaint about HERE’s data collection and processing actions with the supervisory authority concerned.


There will be no adverse consequences in you exercising your rights as mentioned above.
You are encouraged to use available HERE recruitment tools to access, view and edit your profile.
You may be able to delete the entire profile directly from the available tools or you may be required to request such deletion of your profile by contacting your available recruitment support.
In case you revoke your consent or object to certain processing activities or delete your profile completely, HERE may be unable to continue the recruitment process with you.
10.
Whom to contact?
HERE Global B.V.
is the controller of your Personal Data.
If you have any queries about your Personal Data, contact primarily the relevant recruiting personnel through provided contacts or channels.
Note that you may access and manage much of your Personal Data online by using the available profile management tools.
If you want to exercise your rights as described in the previous section of this Policy you may make a request in writing through provided contacts or channels.&nbsp;
HERE may need to identify you and to ask for additional information to be able to fulfill your request.
HERE will fulfill your request within the timeframes required by applicable local law or, in the absence of such timeframes, within a reasonable time.
HERE Global B.V.
has appointed Henri Kujala as its Data Protection Officer.
You may also contact HERE’s Data Protection Officer if you have any queries concerning Privacy matters.
Such queries and concerns may be made or reported in writing to the below address:
HERE Global B.V.
c/o Privacy Office
Kennedyplein 222-226
5611 ZT Eindhoven
The Netherlands
privacy@here.com
11.
Changes to this Policy
HERE may from time to time change this Policy or change, modify or withdraw access to this site at any time with or without notice.
However, if this Policy is changed in a material, adverse way, HERE will post a notice advising of such change at the beginning of this Policy and on this site's home page for 30 days.
We recommend that you re-visit this Policy from time to time to learn of any such changes to this Policy.
[1] “Sensitive Information” means special categories of Personal Data as defined under applicable laws that may be processed only when there is a legal justification (e.g.
authorized by law in the field of employment) or with the individual’s consent.
Such special categories include but are not limited to Personal Data that reveals racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, or data which concerns their health or sex life or sexual orientation.
&nbsp;   HERE Mobility Products Supplemental Privacy Notice Effective date:&nbsp;08/04/2019 This HERE Mobility Products Supplemental Privacy Notice (“Privacy Notice”) describes our practices with respect to your information when you use the Services (as defined below).
The Services are owned, directly or indirectly, by HERE Global B.V., or one or more of its direct or indirect affiliates (collectively, “HERE,” “Company,” “we,” or “us”).
&nbsp;Capitalized terms which are not defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the HERE Mobility Products Supplemental Terms and Conditions (“Terms”), to which this Privacy Notice is incorporated by reference.
The term “Services” as used in this Privacy Notice means any product or service offered and/or made available by HERE to you hereunder, including without limitation, Kiosk, Mobility for Concierge, Web Widget, Mobility Demand API, Mobility SDK, Ride Tracker, Mobility Supply API, Dispatch System, Mobility Portal, any HERE website via which you may access or use the Services (“Websites”), and any related services or products which may be offered by HERE to you from time to time.
We respect your privacy and take it seriously.
This Privacy Notice describes the types of information about you that we collect about you in connection with your use of the Services.
&nbsp;This information includes information you may provide to us when you use, register for, interact with or transact via the Services and information we collect from other sources.&nbsp.
The Privacy Notice also describes our practices for collecting, storing, using, maintaining, protecting, disclosing, and disposing of such information.
This Privacy Notice is also aimed to assure you of our firm commitment to safeguarding the privacy and security of your information.
This Privacy Notice applies to: (i) Partner and any representative of a Partner (as defined below) who accesses and/or uses the Services on such Partner’s behalf (“Partner User”), and (ii) any visitor of the Websites (“Visitors”).
If you are accessing and/or using the Services as consumer, please refer to the Mobility Products Privacy Policy.
The term “Partner” means any one of the following entities/individuals: (a) taxi or private hire company, airline, car/bicycle/motorcycle/scooter rental agency or other third parties that provide consumers with transportation and any other related services that we may offer to you via the Services (“Transport Provider Services”) by using the Mobility Supply API (“Transport Provider”).
and (b) hotel, airport or other third parties that provide consumers with access to Transport Provider Services, including without limitations, developers of third party applications, by using at least one of the following Services: Kiosk, Mobility for Concierge, Web Widget, Mobility Demand API or Mobility SDK (“Demand
Partner”).
The term Partner shall also include Transport Provider using the Marketplace Dispatcher, and any other provider of Transport Provider Services that only uses the Marketplace Dispatcher (“Dispatch Partner”).
In addition, Demand Partners who are developers using the Mobility SDK as part of their mobile apps provide us with certain data of their end-users (“Developer End Users”) such as name, phone number and location information (“End User Data”) when these Developer End Users use the Services via the Mobility SDK.&nbsp.
To this end, these Demand Partners authorize us to access and process their End User Data on their behalf, as further described below in this Privacy Notice.
If you are entering into this Privacy Notice on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Notice.
If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree to all the terms and conditions in this Privacy Notice, you may not use the Services.
The term “Personal Data”, as used in this Privacy Notice, means any information relating to you where you are identified or where you could be identified with reasonable efforts or together with additional information, we have access to, or may be of private or sensitive nature relating to an identified or identifiable individual.&nbsp;

WE URGE YOU TO READ THIS PRIVACY NOTICE AND MAKE SURE THAT YOU FULLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE WITH IT.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE, PLEASE DISCONTINUE AND AVOID USING OUR SERVICES.
&nbsp;

This Privacy Notice is divided into sections for Partner/Partner Users or Visitors and general sections.
To find the content that is applicable to you, please scroll down.&nbsp;


Table of Contents
:
1.
Information We Collect and How We Use the Information
A.
Partner/Partner Users
B.
Visitors
2.
How Your Personal Data is Shared or Disclosed
A.
Partner/Partner Users
B.
Visitors
3.
How Long Do We Store Information?
A.
Partner/Partner Users
B.
Visitors
4.
Data Transfer
5.
How We Protect Your Information?
6.
Your Rights
7.
Modifications to this Privacy Notice and to the Services
8.
Contacting Us

1.
Information We Collect and How We Use the Information 




Partner/Partner Users




What This Means.
We collect information about your use of the Services and your mobile device (if applicable), as well as information you voluntarily provide while using and registering for the Services.
In addition, we collect information about you from other sources as described below.
The types of information we collect are detailed below.
We use that information as described in this Privacy Notice.&nbsp.



1.1 Legal Basis for Processing.
1.1.1 To provide the Services.&nbsp.
We collect and process your Personal Data in order to provide you with the ability to access and use the Services in accordance with our contract with you comprised of the Terms.
In order for us to provide you with the Services, we have to process the following information:


(a) Registration/Account Information 


When you register and create your account to enable your use of the Services or have an account registered or created on your behalf by a Partner, we collect certain Personal Data including your name, email address, and if relevant, your phone number and photograph.
We may also require additional information relating to your affiliation with and role or job title at the Partner on whose behalf you use the Services.
The Personal Data regarding your account comes directly from the Partner, or from you, and you provide your consent for the collection and use of your Personal Data when you activate and/or log in to your account.&nbsp;Your account will enable you to access and use the Services and view reports and analysis, as well as use other features that may be available therein.
You may edit certain of your Personal Data at any time by using the features of your account or by sending us an email to:&nbsp;mobility_support@here.com.


(b) Device and Technical Information.



When you use the Services, we will also collect the following data, each to the extent applicable to your use-case: device information that includes device ID or any other unique device/user identifier, advertiser ID, publisher ID, device type and model, device manufacturer, the applicable Service version, Partner user ID, operating system and version, browser type and version, city, language, time stamp, IP address, screen resolution.


(c) Support Information 


When you interact with us via support or feedback, we will collect certain Personal Data generated by your use of the Services or Personal Data that you choose to share with us to better respond to your inquiries.
We may, in accordance with applicable law, document your communication with our support team or with other similar contact channels.
1.1.2 In our legitimate interests.&nbsp.
In some circumstances, it may be necessary for us to process your Personal Data for the legitimate interests of our ongoing business operations or the operation of the Services.
Where we rely on a legitimate interest to process your data, we will only do so when our interests are not outweighed by your individual rights and freedoms.
Our legitimate interests are:
- Investigating, preventing, and protecting against fraud, security risks, threats to you and others, and violations of this Privacy Notice or the Terms;
- Protecting and defending our rights and properties, including intellectual property;
- Understanding, providing and improving the Services and their usage, user experience, and customer relationships
- Providing an optimized and enhanced user experience;
- Developing new services and features for our users.
and
- Communicating with you regarding the Services.
1.1.3.
With your Consent.
There is certain data which we will only use if you choose to share it with us.
If you choose to share this data with us, we will use it for the following purposes only.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.&nbsp;


(a) Cookies and related Technologies


We may use cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies including such technologies provided by third parties to: (i) operate and improve the Services (including the Websites) and related services, (ii) serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, (iii) and analyze the Services traffic and trends, and (iv) the online behaviors and interests of users who interact with the Services.
Please visit our Cookie Policy to find out more about how we use cookies and how you can disable cookies by browser settings or otherwise.
In addition, we may use elements provided by third-parties such as cookies, web beacons, SDKs, and other similar technologies that are placed by these third parties on our behalf to identify your device when you visit the Websites and use the Services, as well as when you visit other online sites and services.
We use the services of certain third parties to provide us with audience measurement and analytics services, to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet, and to track and report on the performance of such advertisements.
Third parties’ use of cookies, web beacons, SDKs, and other similar technologies is governed by the privacy notices of those third parties, and this Privacy Notice does not apply to the data processing activities of those third parties.
Please consult our Cookie Policy to find out more about the third-party services we use.
We do not control how third-party partners process your data, and we encourage you to visit their websites to learn more about their privacy practices.&nbsp;
We use Amplitude for analytics and to determine which areas of these Services users like and don’t like, based on traffic to those areas, and which allows us to collect metrics on how users interact with the Services.
You can learn more about how Amplitude protects your Personal Data by clicking here: https://amplitude.com/privacy.
We also collect social media handles, content, and other data posted on our official social media pages and information (such as email address and other information) you allow to be shared through our social media apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins.

Learn more about your choices and how to opt-out of tracking technologies
:

In order to delete or block any tracking technologies, please refer to the “Help” area on your internet browser for further instructions, or you may also opt out of third party tracking technologies by following the instructions provided by each third party service provider in its privacy policy listed above or visiting www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Please note however that deleting any of our tracking technologies or disabling future tracking technologies may prevent you from accessing certain areas or features of our Services that operate on the web or may otherwise adversely affect your user experience.


(b) Direct Marketing Communication


When you sign up to receive marketing communication from us including news regarding our products and services, we will collect and process your name and email address in order to comply with your request.
&nbsp;You may withdraw your consent by sending us written notice by email to the following address: mobility_support@here.com or by pressing the “Unsubscribe” button in the email.


(c) Usage Analytics


When you use the Services, we may collect information related to your usage patterns and interaction with the Services, including the duration of your use of the Services, information regarding your clicks and error diagnostics, including start and stop events, menu items accessed, and features selected or default values changed.
We may also collect error diagnostics information including for example which actions led to the error.
We collect these information with your consent, to allow you to use the features of the Services, to provide you with a better experience while using the Services and to provide you with technical support.
1.1.4 To comply with our Legal Obligations.&nbsp.
At times we will process your Personal Data where it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations.
responding to requests from law enforcement or government authorities or as otherwise required by applicable laws and regulations.
If you want to learn more, please email us at mobility_support@here.com.

1.2 Email Communication 

We may contact you, including via email, with important information regarding the Services or your account, and verification purposes.
For example, we may notify you (through any of the means available to us) of changes or updates to the Services, service maintenance, etc.
You will not be able to opt-out of receive such service messages.
1.3&nbsp;How non-Personal Data is otherwise processed

Please note that we use and/or share non-Personal Data, including in aggregated or statistical form, without any restriction, including with existing and prospective third-party business partners, researchers and advertisers.


B

.
Visitors 


&nbsp;What This Means.
We collect 
Personal Data
 from you when you give us your consent.
The types of information we collect are detailed below.

If you have chosen to share your Personal Data with us, w
e
 use that information as described in this Privacy Policy.



1.1 Legal Basis for Processing.
1.1.1 With your Consent.
There is certain data which we will only use if you choose to share it with us.
If you choose to share this data with us, we will use it for the following purposes only.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.&nbsp;


(a) Cookies and Related Technologies


We may use cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies including such technologies provided by third parties to: (i) operate and improve the Services (including the Websites) and related services, (ii) serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, (iii) and analyze the Services traffic and trends, and (iv) the online behaviors and interests of users who interact with the Services.
Please visit our Cookie Policy to find out more about how we use cookies and how you can disable cookies by browser settings or otherwise.
In addition, we may use elements provided by third-parties such as cookies, web beacons, SDKs, and other similar technologies that are placed by these third parties on our behalf to identify your device when you visit the Websites and use the Services, as well as when you visit other online sites and services.
We use the services of certain third parties to provide us with audience measurement and analytics services, to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet, and to track and report on the performance of such advertisements.
Third parties’ use of cookies, web beacons, SDKs, and other similar technologies is governed by the privacy notices of those third parties, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to the data processing activities of those third parties.
Please review our Cookie Policy to find out more about the third-party services we use.
We do not control how third-party partners process your data, and we encourage you to visit their websites to learn more about their privacy practices.&nbsp;
We use Amplitude for analytics and to determine which areas of these Services users like and don’t like, based on traffic to those areas, and which allows us to collect metrics on how users interact with the Services.
You can learn more about how Amplitude protects your Personal Data by clicking here: https://amplitude.com/privacy.
We also collect social media handles, content, and other data posted on our official social media pages and information (such as email address and other information) you allow to be shared through our social media apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins.

Learn more about your choices and how to opt-out of tracking technologies
:

In order to delete or block any tracking technologies, please refer to the “Help” area on your internet browser for further instructions, or you may also opt out of third party tracking technologies by following the instructions provided by each third party service provider in its privacy policy listed above or visiting www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Please note however that deleting any of our tracking technologies or disabling future tracking technologies may prevent you from accessing certain areas or features of our Services that operate on the web, or may otherwise adversely affect your user experience.


(b) Support Information 


When you interact with us via support or feedback, we will collect and process certain Personal Data that you choose to share with us to respond to your inquiries.
We may, in accordance with applicable law, document your communication with our support team or with other similar contact channels.


(c) Direct Marketing Communication


When you sign up to receive marketing communication from us including news regarding our products and services or request certain marketing information from us, we will collect your name and email address in order to comply with your request.
You may withdraw your consent by sending us written notice by email to the following address: mobility_support@here.com or by pressing the “Unsubscribe” button in the email.

1.2 How non-Personal Data is otherwise processed

Please note that we use and/or share non-Personal Data, including in aggregated or statistical form, without any restriction, including with existing and prospective third-party business partners, researchers and advertisers.

2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
How Your Personal Data is Shared or Disclosed



A.


Partner/Partner Users 



What This Means.
Sharing information with certain third parties is integral to the Services.
Your Personal Data will be shared with the Partner.
In addition, some of your Personal Data will be shared with other third parties, such as our affiliated companies and service providers.


2.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
With Partners

When you use the Services, and in order to provide the Services to Consumers (if applicable), the Partner on whose behalf you are accessing and using the Services, your name, phone number, email address and activities while using the Services will be shared with the relevant Partner.
Your Personal Data that we collect in connection with your access and use of the Services, is directly provided by you, and we act as data processor with respect to such data, and the relevant Partner acts as a data controller with respect to such data.&nbsp.
Please refer to the privacy policy of the relevant Partner you chose to understand how your data will be used.

2.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
With Affiliated Companies

We will share information with our affiliated companies, to the extent they are providing us with services, as may be required for the purposes of processing as described above or otherwise as specifically described in this Privacy Notice.

2.3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
With Our Authorized Third-Party Service Providers

We share Personal Data with authorized third-party service providers we use in order to facilitate, provide and enhance the Services, operate the Websites, fulfil obligations imposed on us by applicable laws and regulations, and prevent fraud and illegal activities.
We take commercially reasonable steps to require third-party service providers to adequately safeguard your Personal Data and only process it in accordance with our instructions.
The following are the categories of third-party service providers that we use: (i) analytics and product optimization tools, (ii) beta testing vendors and community management services, (iii) user communication services, (iv)&nbsp;hosting services, (v) technical support services and forum hosting.
(vi) third party payment vendors, and (vii) CRM and mailing vendors.

2.4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
Mergers and Acquisitions

If we decide to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize our businesses in certain countries, this may involve us disclosing Personal Data to prospective or actual purchasers and their advisers, or receiving Personal Data from sellers and their advisers.

2.5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
As Required by Law or in Relation to Legal Proceedings

We may be obligated by mandatory law to disclose your Personal Data to certain authorities or other third parties, for example, to law enforcement agencies in the countries where we or third parties acting on our behalf operate.
We may also disclose and otherwise process your Personal Data in accordance with applicable law to defend our legitimate interests, for example, in civil or criminal legal proceedings.
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise share your Personal Data with third parties, except as described in this Privacy Notice.&nbsp;


B.


Visitors 


&nbsp;What This Means.
Only if you allow us to collect 
your Personal Data
, some of
it
 will be shared with other third parties, such as our affiliated companies and service providers.


2.1 
With Affiliated Companies

We will share Personal Data with our affiliated companies, to the extent they are providing us with services, as may be required for the purposes of processing as described above or otherwise as specifically described in this Privacy Policy.

2.2 With Our Authorized Third-Party Service Providers

We share Personal Data with authorized third-party service providers we use in order to operate the Websites, fulfil obligations imposed on us by applicable laws and regulations, and prevent fraud and illegal activities.
We take commercially reasonable steps to require third-party service providers to adequately safeguard your Personal Data and only process it in accordance with our instructions.
The following are the categories of third-party service providers that we use: (i) analytics and product optimization tools, (ii) community management services, (iii) user communication services, (iv)&nbsp;hosting services, (v) technical support services and forum hosting.
and (vi) CRM and mailing vendors.

2.3 Mergers and Acquisitions

If we decide to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize our businesses in certain countries, this may involve us disclosing Personal Data to prospective or actual purchasers and their advisers, or receiving Personal Data from sellers and their advisers.

2.4 As Required by Law or in Relation to Legal Proceedings

We may be obligated by mandatory law to disclose your Personal Data to certain authorities or other third parties, for example, to law enforcement agencies in the countries where we or third parties acting on our behalf operate.
We may also disclose and otherwise process your Personal Data in accordance with applicable law to defend our legitimate interests, for example, in civil or criminal legal proceedings.
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise share your Personal Data with third parties, except as described in this Privacy Policy.&nbsp;

3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
How Long Do We Store Information?



A.
Partner/Partner Users



What This Means
.

Your Personal Data is retained as long as you or the relevant Partner keep your account active, or as otherwise necessary for protecting our legal rights or complying with our legal obligations.
&nbsp;
We will retain your Personal Data related to your account for as long as your account is active, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce the Terms.
After you close your account or the relevant Partner closes your account, we may retain your data for up to thirty (30) calendar days to allow us a reasonable time to properly close your account (or, if longer retention of certain data is required under law, we will retain such data for such longer period of time).
After such period, we will move your data to a ‘Legal Compliance Only’ folder and will retain your data or any part thereof, solely as required or otherwise permitted under applicable law, whichever is shorter.
Once this period has expired, we will delete your data.
If your data is being used, in aggregated format, for business purpose, this will not be deleted.
You will not be identifiable from this data.


B.
Visitors



What This Means
.

If you allow us to collect your Personal Data, y
our
 Personal Data is retained as long as 
necessary for responding to your request or inquiry
 or as otherwise necessary for protecting our legal rights or complying with our legal obligations.
&nbsp;
We will retain your Personal Data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce the Terms, all as required or otherwise permitted under applicable law, whichever is shorter.
Once this period has expired, we will delete your data.

4.&nbsp;Data Transfer


What This Means
.

Your information, including Personal Data might be transferred outside the country where you use the 
Services
.
&nbsp;
The Services may be provided using resources and servers located in various countries around the world.
Therefore, your Personal Data may be transferred across international borders outside the country where you use the Services.
For European users, this means that data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland that have different legal rules on data protection, for example, the United States of America.
In such cases we ensure that there is a legal basis for such a transfer and that adequate protection for your Personal Data is provided as required by applicable law.
If you have any questions about the transfer of your data to other countries, please email us at: mobility_support@here.com.

5.
How We Protect Your Information?


What This Means.
&nbsp;We use standard industry protocols and technology to protect your Personal Data.

The Services incorporate safeguards designed to protect the security, integrity, and privacy of the Personal Data we have collected.
We have put in place reasonable precautions to protect information from loss, misuse, and alteration, including Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology on the Services.
When we collect Personal Data from you when using the Services, such information is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way.&nbsp.
Please note that while we take steps to safeguard your Personal Data, we have no control over how other users of the Services and the public at large may use the information you choose to share while using the Services.&nbsp;

6.&nbsp;Your Rights


What This Means.
You may have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including without limitation, a right to access, correct, amend, and delete your Personal Data.


If applicable law grants you such rights and subject to the limitations in applicable law, you may have the following rights in relation to your Personal Data:

- Right of access to your Personal Data.
This enables you to receive a copy of Personal Data that we hold about you.

- Right of correction of the Personal Data that we hold about you.
This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, although we may need to&nbsp;verify the accuracy of the new data that you provide to us.

- Right to deletion of your Personal Data.
This enables you to ask us to delete or remove Personal Data in certain circumstances.
Please note, however, that we may retain your data in certain circumstances in accordance with law, which will be notified to you, if&nbsp;applicable, at the time of your request.

- Right to stop us processing of your Personal Data.
This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your Personal Data in the following scenarios: (a) if you would like us to establish the accuracy of such data.
(b) where our use of the data is unlawful, but you do not want us to erase it.
(c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
or (d) you have objected to our&nbsp;use of your data, but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to&nbsp;use it.

- Right to portability of your Personal Data to you or to a third party.
If you so request, we shall provide you, or a third party that you have chosen, with a copy of certain Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Please note that this right only applies to information that you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform our contract with you.

- Right to object to processing of your Personal Data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation that makes you want to object to processing on this ground and we will consider whether we have compelling reasons to continue to process your data.

- Right to object to direct marketing You also have the right to object where we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.

- Right to withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your Personal Data.
If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to&nbsp;provide certain products, content or services to you.
You may always be able to opt out of receiving marketing emails from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link which is part of the email you receive.
As we act as data processor with respect to your Personal Data, and the relevant Partner acts as a data controller with respect to such data, please contact the relevant Partner if you wish to exercise any of your rights.

7.&nbsp;Modifications to this Privacy Notice and to the Services


What this Means.
 We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Notice, and we will notify you and ask for your consent through the Services in case of modifications that materially change the treatment of Personal Data.

We may modify this Privacy Notice at any time, at our discretion, and modifications are effective upon being posted on any part of the Services, the next time you use the Services whether by pop-up notification or otherwise.
Such modifications will not change the scope of our collection or use of your Personal Data collected before such modifications.
The date on which this Privacy Notice was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
If we make material changes to how we treat your Personal Data, we will also ask for your consent to such changes through the Services.
In case you choose not to provide your consent upon a material change, we may need to close your account.
The features of the Services, including features that involve data collection, use, and disclosure, will evolve over time as we develop new, or discontinue existing, functionalities for the Services.
We may require registration or consent for additional features that may be developed or added to the Services from time to time.
When we add new features to the Services that involve processing Personal Data, we will update this Privacy Notice and notify you of the changes.
When we discontinue features that involve processing your Personal Data, we will cease using your Personal Data for the purposes of providing those features.&nbsp;

8.&nbsp;Contacting Us


What this Means.
 You may contact us either via email or post mail at these addresses.

Questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice can be directed to us via email at mobility_support@here.com or at:
HERE Global B.V
C/O Privacy
Kennedyplein 222 -226
5611 ZT Eindhoven
The Netherlands
The Company’s Data Protection Officer can be contacted at:
Henri Kujala
HERE Deutschland GmbH
Invalidenstrasse 116
10115 Berlin
Germany
Email: mobility.privacy@here.com
If you are not satisfied with the Company’s response or believe we are processing your Personal Data not in accordance with the law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority.
Contact information for your local Data Protection Authority can be found here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;   Automotive navigation from HERE Effective date:&nbsp;25/05/2018 
Your privacy in Automotive navigation from HERE

HERE’s privacy policy explains how we process your personal data when you use our products and services.
In addition, the following information applies to your use of the Automotive navigation system and its features (the “Service”).
The Service includes experiences designed for use by a driver as well as passengers in the vehicle.
The purpose of this document is to give background information on data processing for different features available in the Service.
The features of the Service enable you for example to navigate from one place to another, find places and addresses on a map, interact with them and access relevant content, as well as synchronize information related to your drives to access from other screens and devices.
You can share places, routes and arrival times with your friends.
The Service also helps you to optimize your daily commute by learning your habits.
Your agreement with these terms implies your responsibility for ensuring that this information is passed on to other users of the vehicle, such as co-drivers or passengers, and ensure that these users also accept these terms.

What information do we collect?

We collect the following categories of information:

Registration and contact details

Some features may require the use of an InControl Navigation Account, for example when you want to share your location with other users or sync your favourites.
You may continue to use other available features of the Service without signing in.

Location data and place information

Our Service makes use of information about your actual location (“Location Data”) and expressed interests in points of interest (“Places Data”).
Location Data reveals where you currently are or where you have been.
Location Data is based on available positioning methods, such as GPS.
Places Data is general information pertaining to particular geographical locations (e.g.
a city or a location of a restaurant) that you may have provided to us, for example your favourite places.
Unless otherwise stated, we use random identifiers in connection with your Location Data that do not identify you personally.
When you start to use the Service, the application acquires your current location using underlying positioning technologies in the vehicle.
The Service may send your Location Data to HERE when you use location enabled features of the Service online, such as ask information about nearby content, services or offerings or share your location.
As further defined below, Location Data may be collected when you use the navigation feature for service improvement purposes without identifying you personally.
Places Data may be sent to HERE for example when you synchronise your favourites.

Traffic improvement

Whenever you use the Service while having traffic features enabled, the Service sends, on regular intervals, your current location, speed, direction and timestamp to us to provide you and other users of the Service with better traffic service such as detect traffic jams, traffic patterns, changed road conditions and other such conditions as well as to identify new routes on the map.
This information is analysed to distinguish independent routes and traffic patterns and contains a changing identifier, which is persistent only for the duration of the route.
This information is sent to us when you use the Service online.
In case you are using the Service offline, we may collect this information locally and it may be sent to us on your next connection.

My Commute

You may activate My Commute feature in the Service to let the Service learn your daily commutes and help you optimize your travel.
While learning your daily commutes, the Service can start recommending optimal times for travel based on foreseen traffic situation.
All the information collected by the My Commute feature, which includes information about the routes you’ve driven and places related to your commute remains only in the vehicle and is never sent outside the vehicle.
Information is stored protected against unauthorized use.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
You may manage your learned routes and preferences and you may turn the My Commute feature on and off via settings of the Service.

Technical information and your transactions

When you use the Service online, certain technical information such as the details of the application version, service permissions, vehicle identification number, internet protocol address, time zone, technical details of your connection as well as your transactions with HERE may be automatically collected by HERE.

How do we use that information?


Non-personal use of Location Data and Places Data

We do not associate your Location Data or Places Data with your other personally identifiable information, such as an InControl Navigation Account, unless you have asked us to do so.
For example, if you point to a position in a map to favourite it we do not combine this information with your Location Data unless you have asked us to do so.
We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to prevent associating your Location Data with other personally identifiable information without your permission.

Provision of the Services

As explained in more detail in the privacy policy, the information collected by the Service is utilised to provide you with the Service, to develop our products and services as well as to communicate with you.
We may also use the information to provide you with more improved search and recommendations to better assist you to find a place you may like.
As explained above, the traffic information collected from your drives is used in an anonymous manner to provide you and other users of the Service with better service and to detect new routes on the map.

What is our legal basis for processing your Personal Data?

We process your personal data in context of the Service for the following legal bases:

Performance of a contract with you

We process your personal data to perform our obligations under the Service Terms.

Your consent

This Service enables you to activate additional optional features, with great additional functionalities and help us improve the Service, including Traffic and MyCommute.
Once you activate an optional feature or functionality, we process your personal data based on your consent.
You may revoke your consent by changing your settings at any time in Settings or About.
Doing so will bar us from further processing of your personal data based on your consent, but will not impact the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before it was withdrawn.
Some of the features in the Service might be only available based on consent.

How long do we retain Personal Data?

We endeavor to only collect personal data that are necessary for the purposes for which they are collected, and to retain such data for no longer than is necessary for such purposes.
The length of time personal data is retained, and criteria for determining that time, are dependent on the nature of the personal data and the purpose for which it was provided.
For example, for your personal data related to managing your account (such as name, email address, and account content and preferences) are maintained for as long as they are retained by you within your account.
Other data, such as records of your activity within the application, are typically maintained only for a short period before being anonymized.
You may contact the HERE Privacy Office at privacy@HERE.com to obtain additional information about retention of your personal data.

Your choices

The Service offers a variety of choices to allow you to control how your Location Data and other information are collected.
You may configure individual features or feature sets of the Service to be used in offline or online mode.
No Location Data or other information is sent to HERE if you only use the Service in offline mode.
Note, that your vehicle may nevertheless have stored information which may be sent to HERE once you establish an online connection, as defined earlier in this document.
You may choose the level at which you participate in the development of HERE’s products and services.
You may disable the collection of Location Data for traffic improvement purposes by turning off the traffic service.
Note that then you’re also not able to benefit from the traffic service.
You may choose to create a profile either locally in the vehicle or an InControl Navigation Account with features which help you store and synchronize your information outside the vehicle context, such as with your mobile and other devices.
You may choose to enable and disable the synchronization or your favourites as well as your most recent location of your car.
If you have enabled the synchronization of the location of your parked car, the Service will automatically, or upon request, send the parked car location in association with each and every active InControl Navigation Account on the vehicle.
This allows you to easily share the location of your car for example with other family members.
If you don’t want to share the location of your car with other account holders, please make sure the other users are in a logged out state while you drive.
You may delete a local profile, which will delete all locally stored information associated to your profile, such as recent destinations and recent searches.
Deleting a local profile from the vehicle will not delete any InControl Navigation Account you may have created.
You may also remove or terminate your InControl Navigation Account.
If you remove your InControl Navigation Account from the vehicle, it remains active for your future use.

Do we share your information?

Your Location Data will not be shared with other service providers or advertisers without your permission.
In case you have an InControl Navigation Account, the Service may allow you to share your Location Data or Places Data.
For example, if you choose to share your estimated time of arrival with selected individuals, you can do so either via SMS or email.
We will facilitate the sharing interaction by collecting the list of recipients you have specified and by sending notification messages to the recipients of your choice.
The Service may also include content from and links to third party sites and services.
As explained in more detail in our privacy policy, we may share your personal data:

with your consent;
with HERE companies and authorised third parties, who process personal data on our behalf;
where there is a legal requirement to do so.&nbsp;


What are your rights?

As explained in more detail in our privacy policy, you have the right to know what personal data we hold about you, and to access it.
You have a right to have incomplete, incorrect, unnecessary or outdated personal data deleted or updated.
You have the right to request that your personal data be erased, and to obtain a copy of your data in a machine-readable format.
You have the right to object to or restrict processing in certain circumstances, such as where you believe the data is inaccurate or the processing activity is unlawful.

Who is the controller of your Personal Data?

HERE Global B.V.
of Kennedyplein 222 -226, 5611 ZT Eindhoven, Netherlands is the controller of your personal data.

Other information

We advise you to use appropriate consideration when you name your favourite places.
For example, if you do not want all the users of the Service to know the location of your home, do not name the location of your home “home” and share it with all users.
Please let us know if you encounter any content that you find inappropriate in nature by reporting through the provided channels.
For more information about our privacy practices, check our privacy policy.
For information concerning the service, check our support pages.
You may contact us through our customer care or our Data Protection Officer, Henri Kujala, through following contact details:
HERE Global B.V&nbsp;
c/o Privacy
Kennedyplein 222-226
5611 ZT Eindhoven
Netherlands
Email: privacy@here.com   HERE WeGo, HERE Application and HERE Maps Effective date:&nbsp;Friday, 25 May, 2018 
Your privacy in HERE WeGo, HERE application and HERE Maps

What’s new?

GDPR: The General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), a new European Union (EU) data protection law, takes effect on May 25, 2018.
The GDPR gives individuals in the EU more control over how their data is used and places certain obligations on businesses that process personal information of those individuals.
We’ve updated our Privacy Policy to take into account the new requirements of the GDPR.
Transparency: We’ve provided additional transparency in relation to our processing of your personal data in context of the Service.
However, this update does not change the manner in which we process your personal data.
Your rights: You have the ability to access, request for download and deletion of your personal information.

HERE’s Privacy Policy explains how we process your personal data when you use our products and services.
In addition, the following information applies to your use of HERE WeGo, HERE application or HERE Maps (the “Service”).The purpose of this document is to give background information on data processing for different features available in the Service.
The features of the Service enable you to find places and addresses on a map, interact with them and access relevant content, as well as locate yourself on a map.
With navigation you are able to find the optimal route to your destination, even inside buildings.
You can relive and share your location experiences with your friends on different Social Networking Services (“SNS”).
We encourage you to familiarise yourself with the privacy policies of third party services, when you interact with them.
HERE is not in control or responsible for the contents and features of those services.
Please understand that the features of the Service may depend on how you access the Service.
Different device models and software versions of the Service may offer different features.

What information do we collect?

We collect the following categories of information:

Registration and contact details

Some features may require the use of HERE account, for example when you want to synchronise your collections.
You may continue to use the other features of the Service without signing in.
When you are logged in with your HERE account, we will try to automatically synchronise your recent searches and your collections in association with your HERE account.

Location data and place information

Our Service makes use of information about your actual location (“Location Data”) and information about places (“Place Information”).
Location Data reveals where you currently are or where you have been.
Location Data is based on available positioning methods, such as Assisted GPS.
In many device models the user interface of the Service identifies the use of positioning with an icon.
Place Information is general information pertaining to particular geographical location (e.g.
city or a location of a restaurant) that you may have provided to us, for example your collections.
Unless otherwise stated, we use random identifiers in connection with your Location Data that do not identify you personally.
When you start to use the Service, the applicable Service activates your selected positioning methods to retrieve your current location.
The Service may send your Location Data to HERE when you use location enabled features of the Service online, such as ask information about nearby services or offerings, use search features, as well as when the Service asks for new maps for new areas you have navigated into.
As further defined below, Location Data may be collected when you use the traffic feature for service improvement purposes without identifying you personally.
Place Information may be sent to HERE for example when you synchronise your collections.

Information about Service usage

You may participate to improving our services.
See Your privacy in the HERE Improvement Program for more details.
The Service may include HERE-provided positioning services, including Wi-Fi or other network-based positioning methods.
The use of these technologies and positioning services may involve sharing any or all of the following with HERE: Location Data, speed, direction and timestamp.
number of satellites used in positioning.
parameters of nearby mobile network towers.
parameters of nearby Wi-Fi routers and/or Bluetooth® beacons.
Mobile Country Code and Mobile Network Code of your mobile subscription.
This information is sent to us when you use the Service online, after which it is deleted from your device.
We do not use this data to identify you personally or combine this information with your HERE account.
When you decide to use the traffic features of the Service, Location Data, speed, direction and timestamp are sent from your device to HERE to detect traffic jams, traffic patterns, changed road conditions and other such conditions so that we can provide you with better service.
This information is analysed to distinguish independent routes and traffic patterns and contains an identifier, which is persistent for the duration of the route.
You may choose the extent to which you contribute to the improvement of our services.
In the context of traffic features of the Service, you can provide us with the Location Data, speed, direction and timestamp, along with the changing identifier, either when you use the Service, when the Service is not actively used or even when the applicable Service is closed.
If the app is closed, we’ll attempt to detect when you’re driving to enable the background collection.
We may use methods available from the mobile operating system or other contextual information to detect driving scenarios.
You can always change your preferences in the app settings either in Settings or About.
This information is sent to us when you use the Service online, after which it is deleted from your device.
We do not use this data to identify you personally or combine or otherwise associate this information with your HERE account.

Technical information and your transactions

When you use the Service online, certain technical information such as the type of your mobile device, unique device or network service provider identifiers, internet protocol address, time zone, technical details of your client as well as your transactions with HERE may be automatically collected by HERE.

Our uses of your data


Non-personal use of Location Data or Place Information

We do not associate your Location Data or Place Information with your other personally identifiable information, such as HERE account, unless you have asked us to do so.
For example, if you save a place to your collection, we do not combine this information with your Location Data unless you have asked us to do so.
We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to prevent associating your Location Data with other personally identifiable information without your permission.

Provision and development of the Service

The information collected by the Service is used to provide you with the Service and to develop our products and services.

Communicate with you and make recommendations

We may also use this information to communicate with you and provide you with more improved search and recommendations to better assist you to find a place you may like.

Location based advertising

The Service may include provision of location based advertising or other similar content.
You may be positioned separately for this purpose.
For example if you ask for weather information you may be served with advertising content tailored to that location.
The Service may also include behaviourally profiled advertisements.
For the purposes of provisioning relevant advertisements to you, we may share your device specific advertising ID to advertising networks.
We use a third party company called MoPub to deliver ads to you.
The MoPub SDK collects information about your device while you use the Service.
This information may include, but is not limited to, your device identifier, model and related configuration (such as screen size), mobile operator as well as IP address.
In addition, we provide you with means to increase the relevance of the advertising you see in the app by sharing your location with the advertising network.
If you wish not to share your location with the advertising network, you can choose do so in the app settings under ‘Location-based ads’.
If you wish to change your settings related to behaviourally profiled advertising, you can always do so from your device settings.
Note that in any case you may still receive ads, but just not profiled.

What is our legal basis for processing your Personal Data?

We process your personal data in context of the Service for the following legal bases:

Performance of a contract with you

We process your personal data to perform our obligations under the Service Terms.

Your consent

This Service enables you to activate additional optional features and/or functionalities and help us improve the Service, including Traffic, HERE Improvement Program and related search improvement.
Once you activate an optional feature or functionality, we process your personal data based on your consent.
You may revoke your consent, at any time, by changing your settings in Settings or About.
Doing so will bar us from processing of your personal data based on your consent from that day onward, but will not impact the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data based on your consent before it was withdrawn.
Please note that some of the features in the Service may only be available to you based on consent.

How long do we retain Personal Data?

We endeavor to only collect personal data that are necessary for the purposes for which they are collected, and to retain such data for no longer than is necessary for such purposes.
The length of time personal data is retained, and criteria for determining that time, are dependent on the nature of the personal data and the purpose for which it was provided.
For example, your personal data related to managing your account (such as name, email address, and account content and preferences) are maintained for as long as they are retained by you within your account.
Other data, such as records of your activity within the Service (as applicable), are typically maintained only for a short period before being anonymized.
You may contact the HERE Privacy Office at privacy@HERE.com to obtain additional information about retention of your personal data.

Your choices

The Service offers a variety of choices to allow you to control how your Location Data and other information are collected.
You may use the Service in offline or online mode.
No Location Data or other information is sent to HERE if you only use the Service in offline mode.
In offline mode, your device will also not interact with the advertising networks.
Note, that your device may nevertheless continue to store and have already stored information which may be sent to HERE as defined earlier in this document and if you participate to HERE Improvement Program or have enabled traffic feature.
Note also that you may still receive ads, in case such ads have been cached in the device prior to switching the device into offline mode.
You can choose the level at which you participate in the development of HERE’s products and services.
You may separately turn the HERE Improvement Program and traffic on and off.
You can only enable the traffic features if you also contribute to the improvement of our services.
Once enabled, you can choose the extent to which you contribute to the improvement of our services: only when the app is running or when the app is running or closed.
Please note that you may be able to independently turn the traffic layer on and off.
This only impacts the visualization of the traffic content.
You can switch positioning services on and off using your device settings.
Device positioning settings also control HERE positioning services.
If you configure your device such that you are not using any assisted positioning methods, HERE positioning services will also not be used.
You can choose to share your location with advertising networks to provide you with more location-relevant advertisements.
You can always turn this on and off in the app settings.
You may also clear your recent searches and destinations from the local storage of the Service.
Clearing local storage will also clear already synchronised recent searches in the next synchronization instance.

Information sharing

Your Location Data will not be shared with other service providers or advertisers without your permission.
The Service may allow you to share your Location Data or Place Information with a social network or directly with your friends.
The Service also includes content from and links to third party sites and services.
When you interact with these sites and services, you may provide your current location to them.
We recommend you to check your settings and the privacy policies of such social networks or other third parties to understand how they process your information.
We may share your device specific advertising ID to advertising networks for provisioning of relevant advertisements.
We use a third party company called MoPub to deliver ads to you.
The MoPub SDK collects information about your device while you use the Service.
This information may include, but is not limited to, your device identifier, model and related configuration (such as screen size), mobile operator as well as IP address.
In addition, we provide you with means to increase the relevance of the advertising you see in the app by sharing your location with the advertising network.
If you wish not to share your location with the advertising network, you can choose do so in the app settings under ‘Location-based ads’.
If you wish to change your settings related to behaviourally profiled advertising, you can always do so from your device settings.
Note that you may still receive ads, but just not profiled.
When you initiate Glympse sharing, Glympse sharing will continue on the background for the specified time, unless you stop it manually.
You will see a small ‘G’ icon on the notification bar of your device to indicate the real-time sharing.
Use appropriate consideration when sharing your location with others.
Glympse is the provider of this feature.
As explained in more detail in our privacy policy, we may share your personal data:

with your consent;
with HERE companies and authorised third parties, who process personal data on our behalf;
where there is a legal requirement to do so.&nbsp;


What are your rights?

As explained in more detail in our privacy policy, you have the right to:

know what personal data we hold about you, and to access it.
have incomplete, incorrect, unnecessary or outdated personal data deleted or updated.
request that your personal data be erased, and to obtain a copy of your personal data in a machine-readable format.
object to or restrict processing of your personal data in certain circumstances, such as where you believe such data is inaccurate or the processing activity is unlawful.


Who is the controller of your Personal Data?

HERE Global B.V.
of Kennedyplein 222 -226, 5611 ZT Eindhoven, the Netherlands is the controller of your personal data.

Other information

We advise you to use appropriate consideration when you name your collections.
For example, if you do not want all the users of the Service to know the location of your home, do not name the location of your home “home” and share it with all users.
Please let us know if you encounter any content that you find inappropriate in nature either as part of place details or in street level imagery.
For more information about our privacy practices, check our privacy policy.
For information concerning the service, check our support pages.
You may contact us through our customer care or our Data Protection Officer, Henri Kujala, through the following contact details:
HERE Global B.V&nbsp;
c/o Privacy
Kennedyplein 222-226
5611 ZT Eindhoven
Netherlands
Email: privacy@here.com
&nbsp;   Mobility Products Terms of Use Effective date:&nbsp;Thursday, 21 March, 2019 These Mobility Products Terms of Use (“Agreement”) are a legally binding agreement between you and HERE Global B.V.
with its registered address at Kennedyplein 222-226, 5611 ZT Eindhoven, The Netherlands, , and registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under 17070436, or one or more of its direct or indirect affiliates (“HERE”, “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) that governs your use of the Services (as defined below).
By entering into this Agreement, and/or by using or accessing the Services, you expressly accept this Agreement and all of its terms and you agree to abide by them.
In accepting this Agreement, you (a) acknowledge that you have read and understand this Agreement.
(b) consent to this Agreement.
and (c) agree to be legally bound by this Agreement.
In addition, by using the Services you signify your acknowledgement of the Mobility Products Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”).
If you do not agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may not use or access the Services.
This Agreement applies to any end user accessing and/or using the Services to explore, request and/or book transportation and any other related services that we may offer to you via the Services (“Transport Provider Services”) that may be available to you via the Services (“Consumer”).
If you are accessing and/or using the Services as a representative of a Partner (as defined below)&nbsp;or any visitor of our Websites, please refer to the HERE Mobility Products Supplemental Terms.
The term “Services” means any product or service offered and/or made available by HERE to you hereunder, including without limitation, Kiosk, Mobility for Concierge, Web Widget, Mobility Demand API, Mobility SDK, Ride Tracker, Mobility Supply API, Marketplace Dispatcher, Mobility Portal, any HERE website via which you may access or use the Services (“Websites”), and any related services or products which may be offered by HERE to you from time to time.
The term “Partner” means any one of the following entities/individuals: (a) taxi or private hire company, airline, car/bicycle/motorcycle/scooter rental agency or other third parties that provide consumers with Transport Provider Services by using the Mobility Supply API (“Transport Provider”).
and (b) hotel, airport or other third parties that provide consumers with access to Transport Provider Services, including without limitations, developers of third party applications, by using at least one of the following Services: Kiosk, Mobility for Concierge, Web Widget, Mobility Demand API or Mobility SDK (“Demand
Partner”).
The term Partner shall also include Transport Provider using the Marketplace Dispatcher, and any other provider of Transport Provider Services that only uses the Marketplace Dispatcher (“Dispatch Partner”).
If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to use the Services on behalf of such entity and, in such event, “you” and “your” as used in this Agreement shall refer to such entity.
If you do not have such authority, you may not use the Services.
1.
Eligibility.
The Services are intended for use by users who are of the legal age required to form legally binding contracts under applicable law and in no event under the age of 18.By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you are 18 years of age or older and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements.If you are not 18 years of age or older and do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use any of the Services.If you are accessing or using the Services for the benefit of anyone (such as a passenger) who is under the age of 18 you hereby represent and warrant that you are the legal guardian of such person and/or otherwise have the full and unfettered authority to provide In no circumstances are the Services available to users who are under the age of 18, users who have had their User Account (as defined in Section 3 below) temporarily or permanently deactivated, or users who seek to use the Services in violation of this Agreement.
2.
The Services.
The Services feature an online marketplace for Transport Provider Services enabling Demand Partners (and their representatives) to offer Consumers the ability to seek and book transportation to their desired destinations from Transport Providers, as well as other book other services available thereto.
In certain instances, the Services may also include an option to create a User Account and use of the Mobility SDK via a Demand Partner application.
The Services are made available solely for your personal, noncommercial use.
When you use the Services to seek and book any Transport Provider Services with a Transport Provider through the Services: (i) you do it voluntarily.
(ii) it is up to you to decide whether to use a Transport Provider.
(iii) your booking will only be valid once you receive confirmation of your booking.
and (iv) your information will be provided to relevant Transport Provider you choose, via the Services, in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
Certain Transport Providers may, pursuant to their own policies and requirements, require additional information from you to facilitate the Transport Provider Services you booked with them (such as credit card for cancellation purposes), and therefore they may contract you directly using the information you provided when you booked their Transport Provider Services.
The Company has no control or responsibility over information you provide directly to the Transport Providers or information requested by the Transport Providers directly from you.
You (and not the Company) are responsible for your decision whether or not to provide any information (including personal data) directly to Transport Providers.
You hereby acknowledge and agree to the aforementioned.
By using the Services to request and/or book Transport Provider Services from Transport Providers, as may be available via the Services, you accept, agree, and acknowledge that a direct legal relationship is created and assumed between you and the driver and/or the relevant Transport Provider.
Your contract for Transport Provider Services will be with the Transport Provider you selected and not with us.
You acknowledge and agree that we are not a party to your contract for Transport Provider Services.
You acknowledge and agree that : (a) the Company has no responsibility for the booking you choose, or control over the quality or safety of the Transport Provider Services that occur as a result of your use of the Services.
(b) the Company merely provides an online platform enabling the Services and does not itself provide any Transport Provider Services (including without limitation, applicable insurance).
The Company does not own any fleet of vehicles, bicycles or motorcycles, and is not, in the business of providing transportation and/or renting vehicles, bicycles or motorcycles to the public.
If you have any issues or disputes with respect to your booking, you agree to address and resolve these issues with the relevant Transport Provider and not with us.
The Services may provide information about available route, time table, location services, and public transportation.
This information is intended for basic location and navigation purposes and should not be relied upon when a precise location is needed, or where inaccurate location information may cause death, personal injury, property, or environmental damage.
Please note that the Company relies on third-party resources, including for example third party public transportation service providers, to obtain route, location and timetable information and is not responsible for the accuracy, reliability, completeness or error-free nature of this information.&nbsp;&nbsp;
3.
User Account.
When you register and/or use certain Services, you will be asked to provide your name and phone number, which will be used to create your account (“User Account”).
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your User Account.
You agree not to transfer your User Account to another person or lend or otherwise transfer your use of or access to the Services to anyone else.&nbsp.
You are also solely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your User Account.
You agree to provide and maintain true, accurate, complete, and up-to-date information in your User Account.
You agree to notify us, immediately if your User Account has been compromised, or if you have reason to believe that it has been compromised.
You acknowledge that your limited license is tied to your User Account as part of the Services and that all the data you create or provide is mapped to your User Account.
You further represent and warrant that you will not transfer or assign your User Account to any third party, even temporarily.
Please note that we reserve the right, by written notice, to suspend access to or terminate User Accounts which were not accessed during a consecutive period of twelve (12) months or more.
4.&nbsp;&nbsp;License.
Subject to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and non-transferable license to: (i) access and use the Services on your devices or any device that is available to you by a Partner.
and (ii) access and use any content, materials, graphics, audiovisual files, processes and code, features, functionality, the maps provided as part of the Services, and products or services accessible on or through the Services (the “Content”), in each case strictly in accordance with this Agreement.
This license has the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by us, in the manner permitted by this Agreement and subject to the use restrictions described herein.
You may only use the Services and the Content for your private and personal purposes.
You may not make any commercial use of the Services and Content.
Please note that certain Content may only be available to residents of certain geographical areas.
You are bound by any restrictions applicable to specific Content you obtain through the Services.
The Company and its licensors and service providers reserve and shall retain their entire right, title, and interest in and to the Services and the Content, including all copyrights, trademarks, patents, software rights, and other intellectual property rights (whether registered or unregistered) therein or relating thereto, except as expressly granted to you in this Agreement.
You acknowledge that your limited license is tied to the phone number you first provided upon creating your User Account as part of the Services and that all the data you create or provide is mapped to your User Account and phone number.&nbsp;
The Company will have the right, at all times, to: (i) reclaim, prohibit, suspend, limit or otherwise restrict you from accessing or using the Services, and (ii) remove any content from the Services, including without limitation, User Content, immediately and without notification to you, if we believe, at our sole discretion, that such content is infringing, offensive, harmful or inappropriate.&nbsp;
5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
Use Restrictions.
You (and/or any third party on your behalf) may not:
(a) copy, frame, mirror, modify, translate, adapt, or otherwise create derivative works or improvements, whether or not patentable, of the Content, the Services, or any part thereof;
(b) reverse engineer, disassemble, decode, or otherwise attempt to derive or gain access to the source code of the Content, the Services or any part thereof;
(c) remove, delete, alter, or obscure any trademarks or any copyright, trademark, patent, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights notices from the Content, the Services, including any copy thereof;
(d) rent, lease, lend, sell, sublicense, assign, distribute, publish, transfer, or otherwise make available the use of access to the Content, the Services, or any features or functionality of the Services, to any individual or third party for any reason other than as expressly permitted in this Agreement, or make the Services available on a network where it is capable of being accessed by any third party, or individuals;
(e) remove, disable, circumvent, or otherwise create or implement any workaround to any copy protection, rights management, or security features in or protecting the Content, the Services, or any part thereof;
(f) engage in or encourage any activity or use of Content that violates any applicable law, rule or regulation, including without limitation privacy laws and regulations;&nbsp;
(g) use, endorse, or promote any content via the Services which is pornographic, obscene, excessively profane, racist, ethnically offensive, threatening, infringing, excessively violent, libelous, gambling-related, or discriminatory, offensive, misleading or deceptive;&nbsp;
(h) defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights of others, including others’ copyrights and other intellectual property rights;
(i) transmit or otherwise make available in connection with the Services (including via your User Content), or any part thereof, any virus, worm, Trojan Horse, time bomb, web bug, spyware, or any other computer code, file, or program that may or is intended to damage, interfere with, or hijack the operation of any hardware, software, or telecommunications equipment, or any other actually or potentially harmful, disruptive, or invasive code or component;
(g) interfere with or disrupt the operation of the Content, the Services, or any part thereof, or the servers or networks that host the Services or make the Services available, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of such servers or networks;
(k) engage in fraudulent misrepresentation, such as impersonating any person or entity or forging or manipulating identifiers to disguise the origin of information transmitted through the Services;
(l) attempt to, or actually, harm intentionally or unintentionally another user or individual, such as stalking, threatening, or harassing a user or carrying a weapon while using the Services;
(m) infringe any third-party rights, including intellectual property rights, copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy.
or
(n) use the Content and/or the Services in any way not expressly permitted by this Agreement.
6.
&nbsp.
Payments and Billing.

(a) Transport Provider Charges. If you book a ride with a Transport Provider, you understand that your request or use of such Transport Provider is subject to the terms and pricing of this Transport Provider and will result in costs to you.
These costs may include taxi or other fares and other applicable fees, tolls, surcharges, municipal tolls (where applicable), airport fees (where applicable), baggage fees (where applicable), peak time fees (where applicable), processing fees (where applicable), any tips to the taxi driver that you elect to pay, other extras and applicable taxes where required by law (“Charges”).
The Charges are entirely your responsibility and are part of your engagement with the Transport Provider whose services you book via the Services regardless of your awareness of such Charges or the amounts thereof.

(b) Fare Estimates.
As part of the Services, when seeking and booking a Transport Provider Service means, you may be presented with an estimated fare for the ride you are booking.
You acknowledge and agree that the estimated fare that is presented to you via the Services before or at the beginning of the ride, is determined solely by the Transport Provider and is a mere estimation.
The actual fare you will be required to pay may vary substantially (upward or downward) as determined in the sole discretion of the relevant Transport Provider and may be dependent on multiple factors including without limitation the traffic and road conditions, the time of travel, number of travelers and luggage pieces etc.

(c) Payments Representations.
&nbsp;By using any payment method and/or providing payment details for booking a ride via the Services, you represent and warrant that: (a) you are legally authorized to provide such information.
(b) you are legally authorized or have permission to make payments using the payment method(s).
(c) if you are an employee or agent of a company or person that owns the payment method, you are authorized by that company or person to use the payment method to make payments as part of the Services.
and (d) such actions do not violate any applicable law.

(d) Payment Collection.
The Transport Providers or the Company will collect payment of Charges owed by you to the Transport Providers whose services you use.
When we collect your payment, such collection will be made on the Transport Providers' behalf as their limited payment collection agent.
In such cases, your payment of the Charges to us satisfies and shall be considered the same as your payment obligation made directly by you to the relevant Transport Provider whose services you use.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

(e) No Refunds. All Charges paid by you are final and non-refundable, unless otherwise determined by the Transport Provider in accordance with its terms.
If you want to cancel a ride, please refer to the cancellation policy of the relevant Transport Provider with whom you booked a ride via the Services.

(f) Cancellation Fee. After booking a ride with a Transport Provider, you may elect to cancel the ride at any time prior to the commencement of such ride as may be available via the Services, in which case you may be charged a cancellation fee as determined by the Transport Provider.
If you want to cancel a ride, please refer to the cancellation policy of the relevant Transport Provider with whom you booked a ride via the Services.
You may also be charged a cancellation fee as determined by the applicable Transport Provider if you fail to show up after you booked a ride.
We are not responsible for setting or determining the cancellation fee that may be set by the respective Transport Provider, and the exact amount of the cancellation fee will vary from one Transport Provider to another in accordance with their cancellation policy.

(g) Damage Fee. If a Transport Provider informs us that you have materially damaged the vehicle used to provide you with the Transport Provider Services you booked and used, you agree to pay the Transport Provider a “Damage Fee” depending on the extent of the damage you have caused (as determined by the Transport Provider in its sole discretion) toward vehicle repair or cleaning.
The Company reserves the right (but is not obligated) to verify or otherwise require documentation of damages prior to processing any Damage Fee.

(h) Coupons. You may receive coupons that you can apply toward payment of certain Charges upon completion of a ride.
Coupons cannot be combined.
Coupons are only valid for use via the Services and are not transferable or redeemable for cash except as required by applicable law.
If the cost of your ride exceeds a coupon’s credit or discount value, we will charge the payment method that we have on file for you, for the outstanding cost of the ride.
Additional restrictions on coupons may apply as communicated to you in a relevant promotion or by clicking on the relevant coupon.

(i) In addition to the foregoing, when we collect your Charges and any other payment due to the Transport Provider from you, the following shall apply:

(1) Facilitation of Charges. All Charges are facilitated through third-party payment processing service(s) providers (“Payment Providers”) that provide payment services to us in connection with the Services, including with respect to (a) collection of funds from Consumers in connection with booked rides.
(b) remittance of funds to Transport Providers in connection with completed or cancelled rides.
and (c) protection against fraud, unauthorized transactions (such as money laundering), claims or other liabilities in connection with making payments via the Services.
In addition, we, through our Payment Providers, reserve the right to cancel booked transactions or place funds on hold for any suspected fraudulent transactions made in connection with the Services.
Payment Providers may also collect such other information as necessary for purposes of processing payments.
The payment information you provide is collected by the Payment Providers in accordance with their respective privacy policy.
Please see our Privacy Policy for more information.&nbsp;

(2) Credit Card Authorization and Related Fees. When we add a new payment method or with each ride request, we may require authorization of your selected payment method to verify your payment method, ensure the ride cost will be covered, and protect against unauthorized behavior.
The authorization is not a charge.
however, it may reduce your available credit by the authorization amount until your bank’s next processing cycle.
Should the amount of our authorization exceed the total funds on deposit in your bank account, you may be subject to overdraft or Non-Sufficient Funds (NSF) charges by the bank or entity issuing your debit or prepaid card.
We are not responsible for these charges and are unable to assist you in recovering them from your issuer.&nbsp;

(j) Payment Confirmation.
Invoice.
Once your ride has been completed, you will receive a payment confirmation that includes information about the ride, including the amount you paid.
&nbsp;If you wish to receive an invoice, please contact us at: Mobility.payments@here.com.
If you have any questions regarding payments, please contact us at: Mobility.payments@here.com.
7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Electronic Communications.
You agree that we may provide notices and messages to you about the Services by text message to the phone number that you provided us with.
You agree to keep your User Account information you shared with us up-to-date.You agree that text messages may be generated by automatic systems.
We do not charge for text messages, but standard or other charges imposed by your mobile carrier may apply.
You may unsubscribe from text messages at any time by using the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the text messages we send to you or by sending an email to: mobility_support@here.com.
Please note that we may also contact you, including via text messages, with important information regarding the Services or your User Account, and verification purposes.
For example, we may notify you (through any of the means available to us) of changes or updates to the Services, payment issues, service maintenance, etc.
You will not be able to opt-out of receive such service messages.
8.
Changes of this Agreement.


We reserve the right, at our discretion, to update, change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Agreement at any time in order to conform them to our business practices and applicable law.
All non-material changes are effective immediately when we post them and apply to all access to and use of the Services thereafter.&nbsp.
If we make material updates to this Agreement that would negatively impact your rights or increase your obligations under this Agreement, we will notify you of the change in advance via the Services.
If you do not agree with the change, you have the right to terminate this Agreement by closing your User Account (if applicable).
Your continued use of the Services following such notification will constitute your acceptance of the change and consent to this Agreement as revised.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;9.&nbsp.
Allegations of Copyright Infringement.
You may notify us of copyright infringement on the Services by providing notice (a) by email with “Copyright Notification” in the subject line to copyright.notices@HERE.com, (b) by a document titled “Copyright Notification” mailed to HERE Global B.V.
with its registered address at Kennedyplein 222-226, 5611 ZT Eindhoven, The Netherlands, or (c) via the online form, if available.
Your notice must:
(a) identify the original copyrighted work you claim is infringed;
(b) identify the content on the Service that you claim is infringing the copyrighted work.
Please provide enough detail for us to locate the allegedly infringing content on the Services;
(c) provide your contact information, including your full name, mailing address, telephone number, and email address, if available;
(d) provide a statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the content in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
(e) provide this statement: “I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification and complaint is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner of an exclusive right that is infringed.”.
and
(f) provide your signature.
10.
Intellectual Property Rights.
The Services, the Content and any materials, graphics, audiovisual files, processes and code, features, functionality, the maps provided as part of the Services, and products or services accessible on or through the Services and all upgrades, updates, corrections, copies, emulations, modifications, and enhancements thereto, derivative works thereof, and all copyrights and other intellectual property rights related thereto are the property of Company, its affiliates, its licensors or suppliers, and Company, its affiliates, its licensors and suppliers retain all right, title, and interest in and to the Services, the Content and all intellectual property rights therein or in connection thereto.
The Services and Content are owned and operated by the Company and they are licensed, not sold, to you.
You do not acquire any ownership interest in the Services and the Content under this Agreement, or any other rights thereto other than to use the Services and the Content in accordance with the license granted to you, and subject to all terms, conditions, and restrictions, under this Agreement.
All the Company logos, trademarks, designs, graphics, icons, scripts and service names are registered trademarks or trade dress of the Company (collectively, the “Company Marks”).
In addition, the design, trade dress, and the ‘look and feel’ of the maps available to you as part of the Services are protected works under applicable copyright laws and we and our affiliates, licensors and suppliers retain all intellectual property rights in them.
The license granted to you in this Agreement does not extend to or include a license to use the maps displayed by the Services or any mark, indicator, logo or notation embedded in the maps other than as part of the Services.
You agree that you will not in any way modify, alter or tamper with any proprietary marks, copyright notices or other notices, or the Company Marks, that may be provided and/or displayed through the Services.
You acknowledge that we are the owner and licensor of the Company Marks, including all goodwill associated therewith, and that your use of the Company Marks will confer no additional interest in or ownership of the Company Marks in you but inures to the benefit of the Company.
All other trademarks, logos, service marks, company or product names set forth in the Services, such as the logos or trademarks of any Transport Provider of Transport Provider Services (including without limitation, rental services public transportation services), are the property of their respective owners.
11.
Your Data and Content.
Through your use of some of the Services, we will automatically collect your personal data as described in the Privacy Policy, and you may, in addition and as described in the Privacy Policy, actively enter and submit information or data in connection with your use of the Services, including information provided in the free-text comments box when you book Transport Provider Services, and your User Account (collectively “User Data”).
You assume sole responsibility for any User Data you share, and you alone are liable for the consequences when you post User Data or User Content (as defined below).
All User Data is subject to the Privacy Policy.
To enable us to provide you with the Services, you hereby grant us: (a) a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable, right and license to collect, process, and use your User Data as set forth in the Privacy Policy and this Agreement.
and (b) an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable and sublicensable right and license to use for any lawful purpose your User Data in anonymized form.&nbsp;
In addition, in the course of your use of the Services, you may submit and share content and information with us, which may include feedback, comments, improvements, suggestions, questions, ideas or other information (collectively “User Content”).
You represent and warrant that you own all intellectual property rights in your User Content or otherwise have the right, and received all required consents, authorizations and licenses to use the User Content for the Services and to provide the User Content to us as contemplated hereunder, and that by submitting or sharing your User Content with us, you are granting us and our affiliates with an irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual, unrestrictive, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable and sublicensable right and license to use, copy, distribute, disseminate, prepare derivative works of, and display your User Content in any manner we deem fit, including for commercial purposes or otherwise, at our sole discretion and without acknowledgment or compensation to you but in each case we will not share or publish your personal data without your express prior written consent.&nbsp;
You are solely responsible for taking backup copies of your User Data and User Content.
If the Services are discontinued or canceled, we may permanently delete your User Data and User Content in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy.
12.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Geographic Restrictions.
The Services and the Content are provided from the Netherlands as well as countries in which the Company utilizes data centers.
You acknowledge that you may not be able to access all or some of the Content outside of your country, and that access thereto may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the Content from outside your country, you are responsible for compliance with local laws, including any laws applicable to the export of software or technology.
13.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Updates.
Availability.
The Company may from time to time in its sole discretion develop and provide Services updates, which may include upgrades, bug fixes, patches, other error corrections, and/or new features or modifications or discontinuation of existing features (collectively, including related documentation, “Updates”).&nbsp.
Updates may also modify or delete in their entirety certain features and functionality of the Services.&nbsp;
The Services and the Content availability and functionality depends on multiple factors.
You acknowledge that if you disable certain functionalities in the Services including geotagging and/or location services, the Services may not function as intended.
We do not warrant or guarantee that the Services and the Content will operate and/or be available at all times without disruption or interruption, or that it will be immune from unauthorized access error-free.
The availability of the Services and the Content may vary and is subject to our sole discretion.
We reserve the right at our sole discretion to modify, correct, amend, enhance, improve, update, make any other changes to, discontinue, or suspend temporarily or permanently, the Services (or any part or feature thereof) without notice to you, at any time and at our sole discretion.
You agree that the Company has no obligation to provide any Updates or to continue to provide or enable any particular features or functionality of the Services.
The Services, the Content and their operation and certain features available therein may also be dependent on the network you use, compatibility of the devices from which you access and use the Services, and the content formats supported.
You will have the right to terminate this Agreement if we make any material changes to the Services that you do not agree with.&nbsp;
14.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Third-Party Materials.
The Services may display, include, or make available third-party content (including data, information, applications, and other products, services, and/or materials) or provide links to third-party websites or services, including through third-party advertising (“Third-Party Materials”).
You acknowledge and agree that the Company is not responsible for Third-Party Materials, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality, or any other aspect thereof.
The Company does not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party Materials.
Third-Party Materials and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you, and you access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third-parties’ terms and conditions.
15.
Term and Termination.
This Agreement is effective upon your acceptance of this Agreement and the creation of your Consumer User Account.
However, if you wish to delete all your Consumer User Account information, you must send us an email to: mobility_support@here.com with your request for deletion.
For details of how to access your data and/ or delete your data, please see Sections 3 (How We Store and Transfer Information) and 6 (Your Rights) of the Privacy Policy.
We may terminate this Agreement at any time if you: (a) breach, or we reasonably believe that you are in breach of any term within this Agreement or applicable law.
or (b) are misusing the Services or pose a threat to the security of the Services.
Upon termination either by you or by us: (i) all rights granted to you under this Agreement will terminate.
(ii) you must cease all use of the Services and delete all copies of the Services, and your User Account (if applicable).
and (iii) our rights with respect to User Data shall survive only as set forth in the Privacy Policy.
The termination of this Agreement will not limit any of the Company’s rights or remedies at law or in equity.
16.
&nbsp;Your Representations.
(a) You acknowledge and agree that access and use of the Services is at your own risk, and that by accessing and using the Services and the Content, you agree to accept such risks and agree that you shall have the sole responsibility for any and all obligations or liabilities that arise from your access and use of the Services.
(b) You acknowledge and agree that if you have a dispute with one or more Partners, you hereby release Company and all its affiliated companies, officers, directors, agents, parents, subsidiaries, legal representatives and employees from any claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such dispute.
(c) You acknowledge and agree that your interaction with any Partner (or a Partner representative, including without limitation, drivers) is at your own risk, and we do not have any responsibility should anything go wrong with your booking of a Transport Provider Services.
The Company has no control over the Partners and their representatives (including drivers).
(d) You acknowledge and agree that the Services do not provide you with any protection or coverage by the Company or its affiliates, whether that be rental damage protection, liability protection, or any similar coverage or indemnification.
(e) You represent and undertake to procure and ensure that you comply with, adhere to and observe the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and all applicable laws, regulations, rules, statutes or ordinances governing or otherwise relating to your use of the Services.&nbsp;
(f) You undertake that you will safeguard, protect, and keep your User Data, and the data of any other user of the Services, confidential and shall not disclose it to any person, or store the information in any manner, except as required by applicable law, including laws related to privacy and use of personal data and the personal data of minors.
(g) You shall notify the Company of any actual, suspected, or potential security breach or improper use of the Services or the User Data.
(h) You agree that you will: (a) behave in a safe and lawful manner while using and/or engaging with the Services, and (b) not engage in reckless or unsafe behaviors, including carrying a weapon, refusing to abide by traffic safety or other laws, or threatening the health, safety, and wellbeing of yourself, or other third parties while using the Services.
(i) You acknowledge and agree that the Company will have the right, at all times, whether with or without cause, and at the Company’s sole discretion, to reclaim, prohibit, suspend, limit or otherwise restrict you from accessing or using the Services.
Additionally, while we make an effort to remove offensive or infringing content and/or users of the Services, we do not control the behaviors or content of other users of the Services.
If you feel that any use of the Services violates this Agreement, you may report it to us via the contact us feature available in the Services or via email to: mobility_support@here.com.
17. Disclaimer of Warranties.
The Services and the Content are provided to you “as is” and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind.
To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory, or otherwise, with respect to the Services and the Content, including all implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, quiet enjoyment and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage, or trade practice.
Without limitation to the foregoing, the Company provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the Services will meet your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible, or work with any other software, applications, systems, or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error-free, accurate, timely, truthful, complete or reliable, or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.
The Company is not responsible and may not be held liable in any way for the acts, activities, errors, omissions, behaviors, representations, warranties, breaches or negligence of any Partner (including without limitation, any Partner representative and/or drivers (if applicable) acting on their behalf or otherwise), including without limitation in connection with the quality or safety of the services provided by them, bodily injuries, death, property damage, or other damages or expenses resulting therefrom.
While Transport Providers provide you with their Transport Provider Services via the Services, it is your choice whether to use their services or not and we are not responsible for any Transport Provider Services that may be accessed via the Services.
Any issue or dispute that you may have with a Partner should be addressed to that relevant Partner and will be subject to their terms and conditions and liability policies.
You agree to address and resolve these issues and/or disputes with the relevant Partner.
18.
Limitation of Liability.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will the Company or its affiliates, or any of its or their respective licensors or service providers, have any liability arising from or related to your use of or inability to use the Services or the Content for: (a) property damage, lost profits, cost of substitute goods or services, loss of data, loss of goodwill, business interruption, computer failure or malfunction, or any other consequential, indirect, exemplary.
or (b) direct damages in amounts that in the aggregate exceed the amount of fifty Euros (€50).
The foregoing limitations will apply whether such damages arise out of breach of contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise and regardless of whether such damages were foreseeable, or the company was advised of the possibility of such damages.
The Company will not be liable for any cancellation, overbooking, strike, force majeure or other causes beyond its direct control.
The Company does not accept responsibility for the uninterrupted accessibility to the Services and may carry out technical or maintenance work on the Services at any time of its choosing.
19. Indemnification.&nbsp;
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, and its and their respective directors, officers, employees, contractors, agents, representatives, successor and assigns from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, claims, actions, judgments, settlements, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs, damages, consequential damages, punitive damages, property damage, personal injury, theft or otherwise or expenses of whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising from or relating to: (a) your use or misuse of the Services and/or the Content.
(b) your breach of this Agreement, including but not limited to the User Content you submit or make available through the Services, or any of your responsibilities hereunder.
(c) your violation of any law, obligations imposed on you by regulatory authorities, industry and/or professional standards, or the rights of a third party.
(d) any reservation or use of the Transport Provider Services, including without limitation, any vehicle damage, rental damage, personal injury or property damage.
and (e) any personal or property damage caused by you.
You and the Company acknowledge that in the event of any third-party claim that the Services and/or the Content or your possession and use of the Services and/or Content infringes that third-party’s intellectual property rights, the Company will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.
20.
General.
This Agreement and the Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the Services and the Content and supersede all prior or contemporaneous understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the Services and the Content.
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of either party, any right or any power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or power hereunder preclude further exercise of that or any other right hereunder.
In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and any applicable purchase or other terms, the terms of this Agreement shall govern.
21. Assignment.

You may not assign or transfer your rights in and to the Services without our prior written consent.
We may assign our rights in and to the Services to any third party at our sole discretion, provided that such third party undertakes to comply with our obligations to you under this Agreement.
22.
Severability.

If any provision of this Agreement is illegal or unenforceable under applicable law, the remainder of the provision will be amended to achieve as closely as possible the effect of the original term and all other provisions of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.
23. Governing Law.
This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of The Netherlands.
24. Dispute Resolution

The courts in Eindhoven, The Netherlands have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including any non-contractual rights or obligations arising out of or in connection with this Agreement.
25. Relationship Between You and the Company.
This Agreement and your use of the Services, do not, and shall not be construed as creating any relationship, joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency in any way and of any kind between you and the Company.
Your access and use of the Services are intended for your enjoyment and benefit and the provision of the Services to you (subject to your compliance with this Agreement) constitutes the sole and sufficient consideration that you are entitled to receive for any User Data or other contributions you have made to the Services, or any part thereof.
26. Notice.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Agreement or the Services, please contact us via email at mobility_support@here.com or at:

HERE Global B.V.


Kennedyplein 222-226
5611 ZT Eindhoven
The Netherlands
27. No Third-Party Rights.
This Agreement is solely between you, the user of the Services, and the Company.&nbsp.
A person who is not a party to this Agreement shall have no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any of its terms.
Each party represents to the other that their respective rights to terminate, rescind or agree any amendment, variation, waiver or settlement under this Agreement are not subject to the consent of any person that is not a party to this Agreement.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;   HERE WeGo, HERE application and HERE Maps Service Terms Effective date:&nbsp;Tuesday, 12 February, 2019 These HERE WeGo, HERE application and HERE Maps&nbsp;Service Terms (“Agreement”) are a legally binding agreement between you and HERE Global B.V.
with its registered address at Kennedyplein 222-226, 5611 ZT Eindhoven, the Netherlands (“Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) that governs your use of HERE WeGo, HERE application or HERE Maps&nbsp;(collectively, the “Service”).
Please read the terms and conditions of this Agreement carefully before downloading, installing, registering for or using the Service.
By entering into this Agreement, and/or by using the Service or accessing the Service, you expressly accept this Agreement and all of its terms and you agree to abide by them.
In accepting this Agreement, you (a) acknowledge that you have read and understand this Agreement.
(b) consent to this Agreement.
and (c) agree to be legally bound by this Agreement.
In addition, by using the Service you signify your acknowledgement of the HERE WeGo, HERE application or HERE Maps&nbsp;Privacy Supplement (updated) (“Privacy Supplement”).
If you do not agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may not use or access the Service.

1.
Eligibility.

The Service is intended for use by users who are of the legal age required to form legally binding contracts under applicable law.In no circumstances is the Service available to users who are under the age of 16, users who have had their HERE account temporarily or permanently deactivated, or users who seek to use the Service for anything other than strictly non-commercial purposes.
By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you are 16 years of age or older and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements.
If you are not 16 years of age and older and do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use any of the Service.
Please note that HERE accounts of individuals under the age of 16 years will be cancelled and deleted by us upon receiving notice.

2.
HERE account and Contact Information.


You may be required to create a HERE account to be able to use some features of the Service, for example when you want to synchronise your collections.
You may continue to use the other features of the Service without signing in.
When you create a HERE account via the Service, you will be asked to provide your name, email address and your date of birth.&nbsp.
You will need to create a password for your HERE account.
You must take due care to protect your password against misuse by others and promptly notify us about any misuse.
HERE may verify your email address before your HERE account can be used.
You may also resister for a HERE account by using Facebook.
You are personally responsible for any use of the Service through your HERE account.
You agree to provide and maintain true, accurate, complete, and up-to-date information in your HERE account, and that the Company may rely on the information that is in your HERE account.
If you wish to delete your HERE account, please follow the steps in Section 14 below.
In addition, when you use the feature of the Service that enables you to book a ride with any third-party transportation services provider (i.e., a taxi company) (“Transport Provider”), who provides its transportation services to you through such feature, you will be asked to provide your name and phone number to facilitate the Service.

3.
The Service.

The Service provides you with the ability, to navigate to your desired destination and to seek transportation from third party providers that make their transportation services available to you via the Service, strictly for your individual non-commercial uses.
You acknowledge and agree that the Company acts only as the provider of the online platform enabling the Service that provides you with the ability to navigate and to obtaining transportation services from third-party providers of transportation services.
The Company is not, under any circumstances, a party to the transportation services agreements.
The Company does not provide transportation services.
It is up to you to decide whether to use a third-party provider of transportation services.
We have no control over the quality or safety of the transportation services that occurs as a result of the Service.
You may send a cancellation request to any ride you booked with a Transport Provider via the Service.
We will send your cancellation request to the relevant Transport Provider and according to its cancellation policy, your booked ride may be cancelled.
Please note that we have no control over the cancellation policies of the Transport Providers.
The Company also does not verify the identity of the Transport Providers and is not and shall not be liable for their: (i) compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
(ii) the accuracy, completeness, reliability or error-free of the Transport Provider’s details, descriptions or other content provided by it.
or (iii) any act or omission of a Transport Provider in connection with the Service.
The Service will also allow you to receive information about available public transportation and the route to the location where you can use the public transportation of your choice.
Please note that the Company relies on third-party resources, including for example third party public transportation service providers, to obtain route, location and timetable information and is not responsible for the accuracy, reliability, completeness or error-free nature of this information.&nbsp;&nbsp;
You acknowledge that the route, time table and location services we provide are intended for basic location and navigation purposes and should not be relied upon when a precise location is needed, or where inaccurate location information may cause death, personal injury, property, or environmental damage.
Neither we nor our third-party service providers guarantee the accuracy or reliability of the location information provided through the Service.

4.
Electronic
Communications.

You agree that we may provide notices and messages about the Service to you in the following ways: (a) within the Service, or (b) sent to your contact information provided to us (e.g., e-mail or phone number).
You agree to keep your contact information shared with us up-to-date.
You agree that texts may be generated by automatic systems.
Communications from us, or our affiliated companies may include text, email messages, and push notifications regarding the operation of the Service, updates regarding new, existing, and discontinued features of the Service.
We do not charge for text messages, but standard or other charges imposed by your carrier may apply.
Please check your carrier’s plan before using the Service to be sure you understand any charges that may be incurred by you.&nbsp;
You may unsubscribe from promotional e-mails at any time by using the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of text messages we send to you or email to: appsupport@here.com.

5.
Changes of this Agreement.
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to update, change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Agreement at any time in order to conform them to our business practices.
All non-material changes are effective immediately when we post them and apply to all access to and use of the Services thereafter.&nbsp.
If we make material updates to this Agreement that would negatively impact your rights or increase your obligations under this Agreement, we will notify you of the change in advance via the Service.
If you do not agree with the change, you have the right to terminate this Agreement by closing your HERE account and removing the Service from your Device(s).
Your continued use of the Service following such notification will constitute your acceptance of the change and consent to this Agreement as revised.

6.
License Grant.

During the term of this Agreement the Company hereby grants you a free of charge, limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and non-transferable license to download, install, register for, and use the Service and the Content (as defined in Section 9 below) for non-commercial use on your device(s) owned or otherwise controlled or leased to you, including mobile cellular telephones and internet enabled tablets, desktops, and laptops (collectively “Device(s)”), strictly in accordance with this Agreement.
This license has the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Service as provided by us, in the manner permitted by this Agreement and subject to the use restrictions described herein.
You may only use the Service and Content for your private and personal purposes.
You may not make any commercial use of the Service and the Content.
Please note that certain Content may only be available to residents of certain geographical areas.
You are bound by any restrictions applicable to specific Content you obtain through the Service.
The Company will have the right, at all times as further set out at Section 14 below to reclaim, prohibit, suspend, limit or otherwise restrict you from accessing or using the Service.
You acknowledge and agree that the Service and the Content are provided under license, and not sold, to you.
You do not acquire any ownership interest in the Service and the Content under this Agreement, or any other rights thereto other than to use the Service and the Content in accordance with the license granted, and subject to all terms, conditions, and restrictions, under this Agreement.
The Company and its licensors and service providers reserve and shall retain their entire right, title, and interest in and to the Service and the Content, including all copyrights, trademarks, patents, software rights, and other intellectual property rights (whether registered or unregistered) therein or relating thereto, except as expressly granted to you in this Agreement.

7.
License Restrictions

You (and/or any third party on your behalf) may not:

copy, modify, translate, adapt, or otherwise create derivative works or improvements, whether or not patentable, of the Service, the Content, or any part thereof;
save as to the extent permitted by law for certain purposes, reverse engineer, disassemble, decode, or otherwise attempt to derive or gain access to the source code of the Content, the Service, or any part thereof;
remove, delete, alter, or obscure any trademarks or any copyright, trademark, patent, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights notices from the Content, the Service, including any copy thereof;
rent, lease, lend, sell, sublicense, assign, distribute, publish, transfer, or otherwise make available the Content, the Service, or any features or functionality of the Service, to any individual or third party for any reason, or make the Service available on a network where it is capable of being accessed by any Third Party Outlet (as defined in Section 26 below), or individuals;
remove, disable, circumvent, or otherwise create or implement any workaround to any copy protection, rights management, or security features in or protecting the Content, the Service, or any part thereof;
use any content that may include, link to, or distribute any viruses, spam, files, code malware or any other malicious software programs, technology or content that may harm or disrupt the operation of the Service or any other Company product or service;
engage in or encourage any activity or use of content that violates any applicable law, rule or regulation, including without limitation privacy laws and regulations;&nbsp;
use, endorse, or promote content which is pornographic, obscene, excessively profane, racist, ethnically offensive, threatening, infringing, excessively violent, libelous, gambling-related, or discriminatory, offensive, misleading or deceptive;&nbsp;
defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights of others, including others’ copyrights and other intellectual property rights;
transmit or otherwise make available in connection with the Service, or any part thereof,&nbsp.
any virus, worm, Trojan Horse, time bomb, web bug, spyware, or any other computer code, file, or program that may or is intended to damage, interfere with,&nbsp.
or hijack the operation of any hardware, software, or telecommunications equipment, or any other actually or potentially harmful, disruptive, or invasive code or component;
interfere with or disrupt the operation of the Content, the Service, or any part thereof, or the servers or networks that host the Service or make the Service available, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of such servers or networks;
sell, license, or exploit for any commercial purposes any use of or access to the Content and/or the Service, or any part thereof;
frame or mirror any part of the Content, the Service, or any part thereof, without our prior express written consent;
transfer or assign you’re here account to any third party, even temporarily;
engage in fraudulent misrepresentation, such as impersonating any person or entity or forging or manipulating identifiers to disguise the origin of information transmitted through the Service;
interfere with the operation of the Content, the Service, including disrupting service or network connectivity or sending malicious code, malware, or other harmful software designed to impair the functionality of the Service or any part thereof;
infringe any third-party rights, including intellectual property rights, copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy.
or
use the Content, the Service in any way not expressly permitted by this Agreement.


8.
Allegations of Copyright Infringement.
You may notify us of copyright infringement on the Service by providing notice (a) by email with “Copyright Notification” in the subject line to copyright.notices@HERE.com, (b) by a document titled “Copyright Notification” mailed to HERE North America LLC, Attn: Copyright Agent, 425 W.
Randolph Street, Chicago, Illinois 60606, USA or (c) via an online form, if available.
Your notice must:

identify the original copyrighted work you claim is infringed;
identify the content on the Service that you claim is infringing the copyrighted work.
Please provide enough detail for us to locate the allegedly infringing content on the Service;
provide your contact information, including your full name, mailing address, telephone number, and email address, if available;
provide a statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the content in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
provide this statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification and complaint is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner of an exclusive right that is infringed.".
and
provide your signature, as applicable.


9.
Intellectual Property Rights.

The Service, and any content, materials, graphics, audiovisual files, processes and code, features, functionality, and products or services accessible on or through the Service (collectively, “Content”) and all upgrades, updates, corrections, and enhancements thereto and all copyrights and other intellectual property rights related thereto are the property of Company, its affiliates, and it’s licensors or suppliers, and Company, its affiliates, and it’s licensors and suppliers retain all right, title, and interest in and to the Service, the Content and all intellectual property rights therein or in connection thereto.
The Service and the Content are owned and operated by the Company and they are licensed, not sold, to you.
All the Company logos, trademarks, designs, graphics, icons, scripts and service names are registered trademarks or trade dress of the Company (collectively, the “Company Marks”).
In addition, the design, trade dress, and the ‘look and feel’ of the maps available to you as part of the Service are protected works under applicable copyright laws and we and our affiliates, licensors and suppliers retain all intellectual property rights in them.
The license granted to you in this Agreement does not extend to or include a license to use the maps displayed by the Services or any mark, indicator, logo or notation embedded in the maps other than as part of the Service.
You acknowledge that we are the owner and licensor of the Company Marks, including all goodwill associated therewith, and that your use of the Company Marks will confer no additional interest in or ownership of the Company Marks in you but rather inures to the benefit of the Company.
All other trademarks, logos, service marks, company or product names set forth in the Service, such as the logos or trademarks of any third-party provider of transportation services, are the property of their respective owners.

10.
Your Data and Content.
Through your use of our Service, we will automatically collect your personal data as described in the Privacy Supplement, and you may, in addition and as described in the Privacy Supplement, actively enter and submit information or data in connection with your use of the Service, including information provided in the free-text comments box of a ride you wish to book with a Transport Provider, or your HERE account (collectively “User Data”).
You assume sole responsibility for any User Data you share, and you alone are liable for the consequences when you post User Content (as defined below) or User Data.
All User Data, is subject to the Privacy Supplemental.
To enables us to provide you with the Service, you hereby grant us: (a) a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable, right and license to collect, process, and use your User Data as set forth in the Privacy Supplement and this Agreement.
and (b) an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable and sublicensable right and license to use for any lawful purpose your User Data in anonymized form.&nbsp;
In addition, in the course of your use of the Service, you may submit and share content and information with us or with other users of the Service, which may include feedback, comments, improvements, suggestions, questions, ideas or other information (collectively “User Content”).
You represent and warrant that you own all intellectual property rights in your User Content or otherwise have the right, and received all required consents, authorizations and licensed to use the User Content for the Service and to provide the User Content to us as contemplated hereunder, and that by submitting or sharing your User Content with us, you are granting us and our affiliates with an irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual, unrestrictive, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable and sublicensable right and license to use, copy, distribute, disseminate, prepare derivative works of, and display your User Content in any manner we deem fit, including for commercial purposes or otherwise, at our sole discretion and without acknowledgment or compensation to you but in each case we will not share or publish your personal data without your express prior written consent.&nbsp;
As between you and Company, subject to the rights granted to us in this Agreement, you retain full ownership of all of your User Data and User Content and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your User Data and User Content.
You are solely responsible for taking backup copies of your User Data and User Content.
If the Service is discontinued or canceled, we may permanently delete your User Data and User Content in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Supplement.

11.
Geographic Restrictions.
The Service and the Content are provided from the Netherlands as well as countries in which the Company utilizes data centers.
You acknowledge that you may not be able to access all or some of the Content outside of your country, and that access thereto may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the Content from outside your country, you are responsible for compliance with local laws, including any laws applicable to the export of software or technology.
Information that we collect from you and your use of the Service or Content may be transferred to or stored in a different country than the country in which you are utilizing the Service, or where the Company is located, including a country with data privacy laws that may not be as protective as the laws in your country.
If you provide the Company with your personal data, you hereby expressly agree to such transfer, storage, and processing.
For additional information please refer to the Privacy Supplement.

12.
Updates.
Availability.
The Company may from time to time in its sole discretion develop and provide Service updates, which may include upgrades, bug fixes, patches, other error corrections, and/or new features or modifications or discontinuation of existing features (collectively, including related documentation, “Updates”).&nbsp.
Updates may also modify or delete in their entirety certain features and functionality of the Service.&nbsp.
You agree that the Company has no obligation to provide any Updates or to continue to provide or enable any particular features or functionality.
Based on your Device(s) settings when your Device(s) is/are connected to the internet either: (a) the Service will automatically download and install all available Updates.
or (b) you may receive notice of or be prompted to download and install available Updates.
You shall promptly download and install all Updates and acknowledge and agree that the Service or portions thereof may not properly operate should you fail to do so.
You further agree that all Updates will be deemed part of the Service and be subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement.
The Service and the Content availability and functionality depends on multiple factors.
We do not warrant or guarantee that the Service and the Content will operate and/or be available at all times without disruption or interruption, or that it will be immune from unauthorized access error-free.
The availability of the Service and the Content may vary and is subject to our sole discretion.
We reserve the right at our sole discretion to modify, correct, amend, enhance, improve, make any other changes to, or discontinue, temporarily or permanently the Service (or any part or feature thereof) without notice, at any time and at its sole discretion.
The Service, the Content and their operation and certain features available therein may also be dependent on the network you use, compatibility of your Devices, and the content formats supported.
You will have the right to terminate this Agreement if we make any material changes to the Service that you do not agree with.&nbsp;

13.
Third-Party Materials.


The Service may display, include, or make available third-party content (including data, information, applications, and other products, services, and/or materials) or provide links to third-party websites or services, including through third-party advertising (“Third-Party Materials”).
You acknowledge and agree that the Company is not responsible for Third-Party Materials, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality, or any other aspect thereof.&nbsp.
The Company does not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party Materials.
Third-Party Materials and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you, and you access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third-parties’ terms and conditions.

14.
Term and Termination.
This Agreement is effective upon your acceptance of this Agreement.
You may terminate this Agreement at any time by deleting the Service from your Device(s) and by ceasing your use of the Service.
However, if you wish to delete all the information that is associated with the Service, you must send us an email to appsupport@here.com with your request for deletion.
For details of how to access your data and/ or delete your data, please see the following sections of the Privacy Supplement: how long do we retain personal data and what are your rights.
We may terminate this Agreement at any time if:

you breach, or we reasonably believe that you are in breach of any term within this Agreement or applicable law.
or
you are misusing the Service or pose a threat to the security of the Service.

Upon termination either by you or by us: (i) all rights granted to you under this Agreement will terminate.
(ii) you must cease all use of the Service and delete all copies of the Service, and your User Account.
and (iii) our rights with respect to User Data shall survive only as set forth in the Privacy Supplement.
Except as set forth in the Privacy Supplement, we are not responsible for any removal or loss of your User Data or User Content.
When information or content is removed from the Service by either you or us, traces or copies may still remain elsewhere.
The termination of this Agreement will not limit any of the Company’s rights or remedies at law or in equity.
In addition to our right to terminate the Agreement, we reserve the right to, without limitation and at our sole discretion:

&nbsp;limit your use of the Service.
and
remove any content from the Service, including without limitation, User Content, immediate and without notification to you, if we believe, at our sole discretion, that such content is infringing, offensive, harmful or inappropriate.&nbsp;


15.
Your Responsibilities as a User of the Service.&nbsp;&nbsp;

You acknowledge that if you disable certain functionalities of the Service including location services, the Service will not function as intended.
You are responsible for, and will indemnify and hold the Company, its affiliates, and its and their respective directors, officers, employees, contractors, agents, representatives, successor and assigns, harmless from and against any claims arising out of your responsibilities or failure to comply with this Agreement, or your failure to use the Service as intended.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your HERE account.&nbsp.
You agree not to transfer your HERE account to another person or lend or otherwise transfer your use of or access to the Service to anyone else.&nbsp.
You are also solely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your HERE account with the Service.&nbsp;
By using the Service to request transportation services from any third-party provider of transportation services, you accept, agree, and acknowledge that a direct legal relationship is created and assumed solely between you and the relevant third-party provider of transportation services.
The Company shall not be responsible or liable for your and/or any third-party provider of transportation services’ actions, omissions, and behavior or in relation to your and/or any third-party provider of transportation services’ activities.
You represent and undertake to procure and ensure that you comply with, adhere to and observe the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and all applicable laws, regulations, rules, statutes or ordinances governing or otherwise relating to your use of the Service.&nbsp;
You undertake that you will safeguard, protect, and keep your HERE account confidential and shall not disclose it to any person, or store the information in any manner, except as required by law.
You shall immediately notify the Company of any actual, suspected, or potential security breach or improper use of the Service or the User Data.
You agree that you will behave in a safe and lawful manner while using the Service and that you will not engage in reckless or unsafe behaviors, including carrying a weapon, or threatening the health, safety, and wellbeing of yourself, or other third parties while using the Service.
You agree to only use the Service if you are of the legal age to them, or otherwise of the legal age of majority in the jurisdiction in which you access the Service.


16.
Disclaimer of Warranties.
The Service and the Content are provided to you “as is” and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind.
To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory, or otherwise, with respect to the Service and the Content, including all implied warranties of, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage, or trade practice.
Without limitation to the foregoing, the Company provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the Service and the Content, will meet your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible, or work with any other software, applications, systems, or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error-free, or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.
You acknowledge and agree that use of the Service and the Content is at your own risk.
By using the Service and the Content, you agree to accept such risks and agree that the Company and its affiliates, or any of its or their respective licensors or service providers, are not responsible for any acts or omissions of other users of the Service.&nbsp;

17.
Limitation of Liability.

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will the Company or its affiliates, or any of its or their respective licensors or service providers, have any liability arising from or related to your use of or inability to use the Service or the Content for direct damages in amounts that in the aggregate exceed the amount of fifty euros (€50).
The foregoing limitations will apply whether such damages arise out of breach of contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise and regardless of whether such damages were foreseeable, or the company was advised of the possibility of such damages.
We are not responsible and may not be held liable for the actions or omissions of any third-party transportation services provider.
While these third-party transportation services providers provide you with their transportation services via the Service, it is your choice whether to use their services or not and we are not responsible for any transportation services that may be accessed via the Service.
Any issue that you may have with any such third-party transportation provider should be addressed to that provider and will be subject to that provider’s terms and conditions and liability provisions.

18.
Indemnification.

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, and its and their respective directors, officers, employees, contractors, agents, representatives, successor and assigns from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, claims, actions, judgments, settlements, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs, or expenses of whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising from or relating to: (a) your use or misuse of the Service and/or the Content.
(b) your breach of this Agreement, including but not limited to your User Content you submit or make available through the Service.
and (c) any personal or property damage caused by you.
You and the Company acknowledge that in the event of any third-party claim that the Service and/or the Content or your possession and use of the Service and/or the Content infringes that third-party’s intellectual property rights, the Company, and not the Third Party Outlet(s), will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.

19.
General.
This Agreement and the Privacy Supplement constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the Service and the Content and supersede all prior or contemporaneous understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the Service and the Content.
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of either party, any right or any power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or power hereunder preclude further exercise of that or any other right hereunder.
In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and any applicable purchase or other terms, the terms of this Agreement shall govern.

20.
Choice of Law.
Dispute Resolution.

The Agreement is governed by the laws of the Netherlands without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
The courts in Amsterdam, the Netherlands have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including any non-contractual rights or obligations arising out of or in connection with this Agreement.

21.
Severability.

If any provision of this Agreement is illegal or unenforceable under applicable law, the remainder of the provision will be amended to achieve as closely as possible the effect of the original term and all other provisions of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.

22.
Assignment.

You may not assign or transfer your rights in and to the Service and the Content, without our prior written consent.
We may assign our rights in and to the Service and the Content to any third party at our sole discretion, provided that such third party undertakes to comply with our obligations to you under this Agreement.

23.
Relationship
Between You and the Company.
This Agreement and your use of the Service, do not, and shall not be construed as creating any relationship, joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency in any way and of any kind between you and the Company.
Your access and use of the Service is intended for your enjoyment and benefit and the provision of the Service to you (subject to your compliance with this Agreement) constitutes the sole and sufficient consideration that you are entitled to receive for any User Data or other contributions you have made to the Service, or any part thereof.

24.
Notice.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Agreement or the Service, please contact us via email at appsupport@here.com or at:
HERE Global B.V.
Kennedyplein 222-226
5611 ZT Eindhoven
The Netherlands

25.
Third Party Outlets.
When you access and use the Service from your Device(s), you agree that:

The Service are made available to you via third parties, including Apple, Inc.’s “App Store” or Google, Inc.’s “Google Play” store (collectively, the “Third Party Outlets”).
This Agreement is between you and the Company only.
Third Party Outlets have no obligations to you or responsibility for the Service, including without limitation, to any obligation to furnish any maintenance and support services for the Service.
We are responsible for addressing any claims of any user or any third party relating to the Service, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims.
(ii) any claim that the Service fail to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement.
and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
The Third Party Outlets and their subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement, and that upon your acceptance of this Agreement, each Third Party Outlet will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.


26.
No Third-Party Rights.
This Agreement is solely between you, the use of the Service, and the Company.&nbsp;
A person who is not a party to this Agreement shall have no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any of its terms.
Each party represents to the other that their respective rights to terminate, rescind or agree any amendment, variation, waiver or settlement under this Agreement are not subject to the consent of any person that is not a party to this Agreement.
&nbsp;   HERE Technologies Effective date:&nbsp;Tuesday, 11 April, 2017 HERE Technologies includes the following HERE companies: HERE International B.V.
HERE Global B.V.
HERE Argentina SRL
HERE Austria GmbH
HERE Belgium NV
HERE Canada Inc
HERE Chile Limitada
HERE Coğrafi Bilgi Ticaret Limited Şirketi
HERE Colombia S.A.S.
HERE Czech Republic s.r.o.
HERE d.o.o.
HERE (DE) GmbH
HERE Deutschland GmbH
HERE do Brasil Solucoes Ltda
HERE Egypt LLC
HERE Europe B.V.
HERE Europe B.V.
Dubai branch (UAE branch)
HERE Europe B.V.
EINDHOVEN SUCURSALA BUCURESTI (Romanian branch)
HERE Europe B.V.
French branch
HERE Europe B.V.
Glavna podruznica Zagreb (Croatia branch)
HERE Europe B.V.
Greek branch
HERE Europe B.V.
Inc in the Netherlands (South Africa branch)
HERE Europe B.V.
Klon Bulgaria
HERE Europe B.V.
Magyarorszagi Fioktelepe (Hungarian branch)
HERE Europe B.V.
Norwegian branch
HERE Europe B.V.
organizacna zlozka (Slovak branch)
HERE Europe B.V.
sivuliike Suomessa (Finnish branch)
HERE Europe B.V.
Sp.
z o.o.
(Polish branch)
HERE Europe B.V.
UK branch
HERE Germany GmbH &amp.
Co.
KG
HERE Global B.V.
(Danish Rep Office)
HERE International LLC (Australian branch)
HERE Italy S.R.L.
HERE Japan Kabushiki Kaisha
HERE Kazakhstan LLP
HERE LATAM Mexico S.
de R.L.
de C.V.
HERE Latvia SIA
HERE Malaysia Sdn.
Bhd.
HERE Malaysia Sdn.
Bhd.
(Brunei branch)
HERE ME Israel Ltd
HERE New Zealand Limited
HERE North America LLC
HERE Peru S.A.
HERE Philippines, Inc.
HERE RU CIS LLC
HERE Saudi Arabia LLC
HERE Solutions India Private Limited
HERE Solutions Korea Co.
Ltd
HERE Solutions Singapore Pte Ltd
HERE Solutions Sweden AB
HERE Spain, S.L.
HERE Switzerland GmbH
HERE (Thailand) Co.
Ltd
HERE WEU Portugal, Unipessoal Lda
NAVTEQ (Shanghai) Trading Co.
Ltd.
NAVTEQ Morocco s.a.r.l.
PT HERE Solutions Indonesia
Taiwan HERE Limited Company   Online Safety Guidelines Effective date:&nbsp;Sunday, 1 January, 2017 Stay safe online with our safety guidelines, which includes also special information to help parents protect their children when they use internet services. Protect your privacy Consider carefully before publishing any identifiable information about yourself or your family.
Find out about available filters and adjust your privacy settings so your profile and certain information cannot be seen by outsiders. Beware of information from unproven sources Don’t believe everything you read, just because it is online.
Carefully assess the validity of the information you view, based on its origin, the reputation of the source, and how it’s reported elsewhere. Remember the internet is a public space Anything you write or share on the internet, on web pages that can be seen by anyone with an online connection, may be considered as public.
Once you have posted information, even if you delete it soon afterwards, it may circulate quickly and easily (and potentially for an indefinite time).
Be aware of these facts before you post or share anything online. Learn what is considered offensive or prohibited conduct Ensure that you behave appropriately, and learn how to report any inappropriate behaviour. Copy and share with care Copying content directly from a website and submitting it as your own work may be illegal.
Copying and distributing music or media may also be illegal.
Make sure you are aware of any copyright restrictions on anything that you copy and use elsewhere.&nbsp;
 Be careful meeting online contacts in the real world If you plan to meet someone you’ve been in contact with online, make sure you tell close friends or family about who you’re meeting and where, and make sure that your meeting place is in a safe, relatively busy public place.&nbsp;
 Stop and think before uploading images from your mobile device This is a quick and easy way to share photos, but you need to be sure that the photos are appropriate to post online. Mobile devices might contain as much sensitive information as a computer Emails, contacts and even passwords pre-entered into websites on your mobile device may still be held on your handset – so take steps to protect and secure your mobile phone. Be cautious about sharing your location Some services allow you to share your location with friends and other contacts, but only share this information with people you trust.
Think: do you want anybody and everybody to know exactly where you are (and therefore where you are not) at any given time? Always remember that data charges may apply When you use mobile internet services it may involve transmission of large amounts of data through your service provider’s network.
Contact your network service provider for information about data transmission charges. Are you a parent? Is your child online, or using mobile internet services? If you’re a parent, we’ve collected some advice and guidelines to help your children stay safe when they go online. Take a close look at the internet services your children use Consider setting up your own account to see what the service is all about.
Make sure that your children are old enough to use the service.
Talk to your child about any concerns you may have. Teach children that certain information is personal Help your children to carefully consider whether they should publicly disclose information like their full name, street address and phone number.
Make sure they know that family financial information is personal and should stay that way.
Tell children not to choose a user name, identity and/or profile that gives away too much personal information. Explain to your children to only post things they are comfortable with others seeing Encourage your child to think about every comment, picture and video they post online.
Employers, school admissions officers, coaches, and teachers may see your child’s postings. Teach your children that when they post anything online, it remains there for a long time Even if your child deletes information from a website, copies or older versions may exist on other people’s computers and be recirculated online – for an indefinite period. Teach your children about the dangers of online bullying Online bullying takes many forms, from spreading rumours online and posting private messages without the sender’s approval, to sending threatening messages.
Encourage children to talk to you if they feel targeted by a bully. Teach your children about not discussing sex online Make sure your children know never to talk about sex with strangers online or send sexually revealing pictures of themselves or anyone else. Tell your children not to lie about their age Teach your children that if they say they’re 18 or over when they’re not (for instance), this is a dishonest statement that can get them into trouble. Teach your children to be aware of sites they use Encourage your children to be aware of a site’s safety notifications and privacy standards before they save any personal information or make a post.
Make sure your children understand how privacy settings work on social media sites, so they know how to protect themselves online.
&nbsp;   Acceptable Use Policy Effective date:&nbsp;Monday, 4 June, 2018 Use of any HERE products, services, data, databases, APIs, platforms, infrastructure, applications, websites or other offerings (each, a “HERE Property”) is subject to this Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”).&nbsp.
This AUP applies to you and anyone you enable to use a HERE Property, including End Users, subcontractors and agents (collectively referred to in this AUP as “you” or “your,” as applicable).&nbsp;

No Illegal, Harmful, or Offensive Use or Content

You agree not to use any HERE Property (i) for the purpose of or in connection with any illegal, harmful, fraudulent, infringing or offensive activity, or (ii) to transmit, store, display, distribute or otherwise make available content, products or services that are illegal, harmful, fraudulent, infringing or offensive.
Prohibited activities, content or products include:

- Fraudulent goods, services, schemes or promotions, ponzi and pyramid schemes, stolen goods, implements used for theft
- Phishing, pharming, or deceptive practices
- Infringing, unlicensed, or counterfeit goods or content
- Pornography, sexual content or sexual services
- Abusive, bigoted, racist, harmful or hate-related content
- Invasion of privacy or misappropriation of publicity or celebrity rights
- Viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, spyware or malware
- Explosives or hazardous materials


No Security Violations or Network Abuse

You may not use any HERE Property to violate the security or integrity of any IT or telecoms infrastructure, systems, devices, hardware or software.
Prohibited activities include:

- Accessing systems without permission
- Probing or attempting to probe, scan, test the vulnerability, penetrate or to breach any security or authentication measures used by a system
- Monitoring of network data or traffic without permission
- Spoofing headers or any part of a message describing its origin or route
- Issuing queries that are not responsive to end user actions.
or that are subsequent or automatic follow-up queries related to an initial query or end user action (such as triggering automatic queries based on a search result) or otherwise modifying or appending materials to queries to a HERE Property)
- Implementing any automated process or service to access and/or use HERE Property such as bots, spiders, scrapers and webcrawlers
- Extracting sales lead information, category-specific business listings, mailing or marketing lists
- Executing any kind of denial of service attacks (DoS, DDos)
- Cryptocurrencies
- Implementing measures to avoid any use limitations, reporting or accounting systems
- Sending of unsolicited e-mail or other messaging, promotions, advertising, or solicitations (like “spam”)
- Benchmarking or testing the availability or performance of a HERE Property


Layering and Modifications

Unless otherwise permitted in your agreement with HERE:&nbsp;

- You may not combine datasets with or make any modifications, adaptations, additions or alterations to data provided by HERE, except:
You may layer on top of HERE map content your own (first-party) content and third-party content not available from HERE, provided that the origin of the non-HERE content can be distinguished by including correct attribution
You may layer points of interest, visual content and dynamic content including traffic available from a third party on top of HERE map content
- When HERE launches content similar to the layered content for a particular geographical area, you should use all reasonable endeavors to adopt the HERE content


Application Restrictions 

Unless otherwise permitted in your commercial agreement with HERE, HERE Properties may not be used in connection with any of the following:

- A solution capable of integrating HERE Property (or any information derived therefrom) into a vehicle system or any component thereof, including vehicle positioning sensors (for example GPS, triangulation, odometer, compass, gyroscope or accelerometer), navigation terminals or black boxes, and display screens installed in the vehicle (including a windshield display)
- A solution stored on a mobile device that is capable of connecting to a vehicle head-unit, in order to transfer or emulate the mobile device’s screen image onto an in-vehicle head-unit display, and allowing the end user to control or operate the mobile device through the vehicle head unit or vice versa
- Applications with any systems or functions for automatic or autonomous control of vehicle behavior, including systems or functions for the control of vehicle speed, braking, suspension, fuel, emissions, headlights, stability, drive train management, visibility enhancement and steering
- GIS (geographic information systems) applications, such as applications that analyze, process or visualize (or any combination of them) information in order to manage land use, natural resources, environment, urban or enterprise facilities, communications or utility networks or any other fixed assets
- Geomarketing applications, such as applications analyzing and displaying geographic, demographic, census and behavioral data to assist end users in understanding and modeling relevant business data and making business decisions, including: marketing analysis and segmentation, customer prospecting and analysis, sales territory analysis and definition or distribution network site selection
- Applications which manage unmanned ground or aerial vehicles (such as drones)
- Rental vehicles or other rental situations
- Ambulances or other emergency response services
- A software application involving a predefined set of rules and goals built for end-user participation, focused primarily on competition and/or amusement&nbsp;
- Applications lacking any legally-required and otherwise appropriate instructions, warnings, notices and safety information as required by applicable laws
- Applications with or for fleet management such as asset tracking (in motion or at rest), dispatch, private or commercial transportation applications, including taxi and vehicle-for-hire, usage based insurance, and telematics applications for collecting and analyzing historical driving information related to an asset, grouping, managing and/or optimizing (or any possible combination of the aforementioned) a plurality of vehicles together into a platoon, generating platooning plans (pre-scheduled or ad-hoc), platoon routes, platoon stops, and a platoon target arrival times
- Route guidance applications, such as individual maneuvers of a calculated route such that the maneuvers or alerts are presented to an end user, synchronized in any manner with the end user’s position along such route, including calculating the end user’s position as the end user traverses the route and communicating a maneuver to the end user as the end user approaches the location pertaining to such maneuver
- Applications designed or marketed for use in or with high-risk systems, devices or products that are critical to health or security of people and property
- Applications that contain, display, or link to materials that are otherwise in conflict with this AUP


General Restrictions

You, your sublicensees, and your and their respective applications and End Users may not:

- Use any demonstration, evaluation, or beta program credentials for any commercial product, service, or solution
- Remove, tamper with, or obscure HERE or third-party branding and/or copyright information of the HERE Property
- Extract or reutilize HERE Properties, nor modify, adapt, translate, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer any portion of the HERE Properties (except to the extent explicitly permitted by mandatory laws)
- Create mash-ups, enhanced services or location-based services similar to a HERE Property, unless otherwise permitted in your commercial agreement with HERE
- Create a derivative location platform or content product that is competitive with any HERE Property, unless otherwise permitted in your commercial agreement with HERE
- Solicit orders, resell, license, distribute or otherwise engage in business relating to a HERE Property outside of an authorized Territory&nbsp;
- Degrade or diminish, whether through act or omission, the perceived quality of a HERE Property
- Use or combine any HERE Property with any other material or otherwise that may subject the HERE Property to any open source software, open database, open data licenses (including ODbL) or other similar licenses where such licenses or terms would (a) cause the disclosure or distribution of the HERE Property or any part thereof.
(b) authorize derivative works of any HERE Property (or any part thereof).
(c) cause redistribution of the HERE Property (or any part thereof) at no charge, as a condition for use, modification or distribution of such other material.
or (d) otherwise restrict or impact the licensing or other use of the HERE Property (or any part thereof)
- Customer shall not use Results for printing or screenshots or embedding into documents for distribution
- Use a HERE Property to report false or misleading information pertaining to traffic incidents, flow or routes
- You shall always use the latest version of a HERE Property made available by HERE


Monitoring and Remedial Action

We reserve the right, but do not assume the obligation, to investigate any violation of this AUP or misuse of any HERE Property.
We may, acting reasonably:

- Remove, disable access to, or modify any content or resource that violates this AUP or any other agreement we have with you for use of any HERE Property
- Commence legal proceedings for reimbursement of all losses and costs, including, but not limited to, reasonable legal costs resulting from such violations
- Report any activity that we suspect violates any law or regulation to appropriate law enforcement officials, regulators, or other appropriate third parties.
Our reporting may include disclosure of information that identifies you
- Cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other appropriate third parties to help with investigation and prosecution of illegal conduct by providing network and systems information related to alleged violations of this AUP
- Take remedial action if the AUP is violated, and such remedial action may include removing or disabling access to material that violates the AUP, suspending or throttling application access to any HERE Property, up to an including terminating contracts (in accordance with the terms of such contract(s)).


Advertising

You may not display third-party advertising or third-party products or services advertising in proximity to any materials licensed from HERE, except as follows:&nbsp.
You may advertise your owned and operated products and services provided such advertising is the type that is not prohibited by other parts of this AUP, and is compliant with any advertising, marketing, privacy, or other self-regulatory code(s) applicable to your industry.

Caching

Caching or storing any location data for the purpose of building a repository of location assets or scaling one request to serve multiple end users is prohibited.
You may not use any HERE Property in a manner that pre-fetches, caches, or stores data or results, except:

- As explicitly allowed by the caching headers (HTTP/1.1 standard) returned by HERE services.
or
- To the extent you are storing or caching for no more than thirty (30) days only to the extent necessary for enabling or improving an end user's use of the HERE services


Attribution and Supplier Terms 

You are obliged to review and pass through certain supplier notices via your own application or its product documentation.&nbsp.
The current supplier terms are available at&nbsp;https://legal.here.com/en-gb/terms/general-content-supplier-terms-and-notices

Reporting of Violation of this AUP

If you become aware of any violation of this AUP, you will immediately notify us and provide us with reasonable assistance, as requested, to stop or remedy the violation.
To report any violation of this AUP, please click here:&nbsp.
https://developer.here.com/?getInTouch.   Imprint/Impressum Effective date:&nbsp;01/01/2017 HERE Global B.V. Kennedyplein 222 -226
5611 ZT Eindhoven
The Netherlands Commercial registry number / Handelsregisternummer: 17070436
Telephone:
+31 40 298 14 00
0800 181 6065 (Germany)
E-mail: info(at)here.com   HERE Mobility Products Supplemental Terms and Conditions Effective date:&nbsp;08/04/2019 These HERE Mobility Products Supplemental Terms and Conditions (“Agreement”) are a legally binding agreement between you and HERE Global B.V.
with its registered address at Kennedyplein 222-226, 5611 ZT Eindhoven, The Netherlands, and registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under 17070436, or one or more of its direct or indirect affiliates (“HERE”, “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) that governs your use of the Services (as defined below).
This Agreement applies to: (i) any representative of a Partner (as defined below) who accesses and/or uses the Services on the Partner’s behalf (“Partner User”), and (ii) any visitor of the Websites.
If you are accessing and/or using the Services as consumer, please refer to the Mobility Products Terms of Use.
By entering into this Agreement, and/or by using or accessing the Services, you expressly accept this Agreement and all of its terms and you agree to abide by them.
In accepting this Agreement, you (a) acknowledge that you have read and understand this Agreement.
(b) consent to this Agreement.
and (c) agree to be legally bound by this Agreement.
In addition, by using the Services you signify your acknowledgement of the HERE Mobility Products Supplemental Privacy Notice (“Privacy Notice”).
If you do not agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may not use or access the Services.
The term “Services” means any product or service offered and/or made available by HERE to you hereunder, including without limitation, Kiosk, Mobility for Concierge, Web Widget, Mobility Demand API, Mobility SDK, Ride Tracker, Mobility Supply API, Marketplace Dispatcher, Mobility Portal, any HERE website via which you may access or use the Services (“Websites”), and any related services or products which may be offered by HERE to you from time to time.
The term “Partner” means any one of the following entities/individuals: (a) taxi or private hire company, airline, car/bicycle/motorcycle/scooter rental agency or other third parties that provide consumers with transportation and any other related services that we may offer to you via the Services (“Transport Provider Services”) by using the Mobility Supply API (“Transport Provider”).
and (b) hotel, airport or other third parties that provide consumers with access to Transport Provider Services, including without limitations, developers of third party applications, by using at least one of the following Services: Kiosk, Mobility for Concierge, Web Widget, Mobility Demand API or Mobility SDK (“Demand
Partner”).
The term Partner shall also include Transport Provider using the Marketplace Dispatcher, and any other provider of Transport Provider Services that only uses the Marketplace Dispatcher (“Dispatch Partner”).
If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to use the Services on behalf of such entity and, in such event, “you” and “your” as used in this Agreement shall refer to such entity.
If you do not have such authority, you may not use the Services.
1.
Eligibility.
The Services are intended for use by users who are of the legal age required to form legally binding contracts under applicable law and in no event under the age of 18.By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you are 18 years of age or older and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements.If you are not 18 years of age or older and do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use any of the Services.If you are accessing or using the Services for the benefit of anyone (such as a passenger) who is under the age of 18 you hereby represent and warrant that you are the legal guardian of such person and/or otherwise have the full and unfettered authority to provide In no circumstances are the Services available to users who are under the age of 18, users who have had their User Account (as defined in Section 3 below) temporarily or permanently deactivated, or users who seek to use the Services in violation of this Agreement.
2.
The Services.
The Services feature an online marketplace for Transport Provider Services enabling Demand Partners (and their Partner Users) to offer Consumers the ability to seek and book transportation to their desired destinations from Transport Providers, as well as other book other services available thereto.
In certain instances, the Services may also include an option to manage the provision of Transport Provider Services to Consumers and create a User Account.
The Services are made available to you solely as a Partner User and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the agreement between the Company and the Partner.
&nbsp;
The Company does not own any fleet of vehicles, bicycles or motorcycles, and is not, in the business of providing transportation and/or renting vehicles, bicycles or motorcycles to the public.
The Websites provide you with the ability to learn more about our products and services and to register and sign up to use the Services that are relevant to you, and/or to sign up to our blog and newsletters.
3.
User Account.
When you access, register and/or use certain Services, you will be asked to provide your name and email address, which will be used to create your account through which you will access and use the Services (“User Account”).
In addition, and if relevant, you may provide your phone number and photograph.
You will be able to use your User Account to access and use the Services, communicate with our support team, and view reports and analysis regarding the Services licensed by the Partner.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your User Account.
You agree not to transfer your User Account to another person or lend or otherwise transfer your use of or access to the Services to anyone else.
You are also solely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your User Account.
You agree to provide and maintain true, accurate, complete, and up-to-date information in your User Account.
You agree to notify us, immediately if your User Account has been compromised, or if you have reason to believe that it has been compromised.
You acknowledge that your limited license is tied to your User Account as part of the Services and that all the data you create or provide is mapped to your User Account.
Please note that we reserve the right, by written notice, to suspend access to or terminate User Accounts which were not accessed during a consecutive period of six (6) months or more.
4.&nbsp;&nbsp;License.
Subject to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and non-transferable license to: (i) access and use the Services on device(s) owned or otherwise controlled by or leased to you and approved for accessing and/or using the Services by the Partner.
and (ii) access and use any content, materials, graphics, audiovisual files, processes and code, features, functionality, the maps provided as part of the Services, and products or services accessible on or through the Services (the “Content”), in each case strictly in accordance with this Agreement.
This license has the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by us, in the manner permitted by this Agreement and subject to the use restrictions described herein.
You may only use the Services and the Content in accordance with the agreement between the Company and the Partner.
You may not make any commercial use of the Services and Content.
Please note that certain Content may only be available to residents of certain geographical areas.
You are bound by any restrictions applicable to specific Content you obtain through the Services.
The Company and its licensors and service providers reserve and shall retain their entire right, title, and interest in and to the Services and the Content, including all copyrights, trademarks, patents, software rights, and other intellectual property rights (whether registered or unregistered) therein or relating thereto, except as expressly granted to you in this Agreement.
The Company will have the right, at all times, to: (i) reclaim, prohibit, suspend, limit or otherwise restrict you from accessing or using the Services, and (ii) remove any content from the Services, including without limitation, User Content, immediately and without notification to you, if we believe, at our sole discretion, that such content is infringing, offensive, harmful or inappropriate.&nbsp;
5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
Use Restrictions.
You (and/or any third party on your behalf) may not:
(a) copy, frame, mirror, modify, translate, adapt, or otherwise create derivative works or improvements, whether or not patentable, of the Content, the Services, or any part thereof;
(b) reverse engineer, disassemble, decode, or otherwise attempt to derive or gain access to the source code of the Content, the Services or any part thereof;
(c) remove, delete, alter, or obscure any trademarks or any copyright, trademark, patent, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights notices from the Content, the Services, including any copy thereof;
(d) rent, lease, lend, sell, sublicense, assign, distribute, publish, transfer, or otherwise make available the use of access to the Content, the Services, or any features or functionality of the Services, to any individual or third party for any reason other than as expressly permitted in this Agreement, or make the Services available on a network where it is capable of being accessed by any third party, or individuals;
(e) remove, disable, circumvent, or otherwise create or implement any workaround to any copy protection, rights management, or security features in or protecting the Content, the Services, or any part thereof;
(f) engage in or encourage any activity or use of Content that violates any applicable law, rule or regulation, including without limitation privacy laws and regulations;&nbsp;
(g) use, endorse, or promote any content via the Services which is pornographic, obscene, excessively profane, racist, ethnically offensive, threatening, infringing, excessively violent, libelous, gambling-related, or discriminatory, offensive, misleading or deceptive;&nbsp;
(h) defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights of others, including others’ copyrights and other intellectual property rights;
(i) transmit or otherwise make available in connection with the Services (including via your User Content), or any part thereof, any virus, worm, Trojan Horse, time bomb, web bug, spyware, or any other computer code, file, or program that may or is intended to damage, interfere with, or hijack the operation of any hardware, software, or telecommunications equipment, or any other actually or potentially harmful, disruptive, or invasive code or component;
(j) interfere with or disrupt the operation of the Content, the Services, or any part thereof, or the servers or networks that host the Services or make the Services available, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of such servers or networks;
(k) transfer or assign your User Account to any third party, even temporarily;
(l) engage in fraudulent misrepresentation, such as impersonating any person or entity or forging or manipulating identifiers to disguise the origin of information transmitted through the Services;
(m) attempt to, or actually, harm intentionally or unintentionally another user or individual, such as stalking, threatening, or harassing a user or carrying a weapon while using the Services;
(n) infringe any third-party rights, including intellectual property rights, copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy.
or
(o) use the Content and/or the Services in any way not expressly permitted by this Agreement.
6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Electronic Communications.
You agree that we may provide notices and messages to you about the Services, including without limitation, your User Account, and for verification purposes, in the following ways: (a) within the Services, or (b) sent to your contact information provided to us (e.g., e-mail) as part of your User Account.
You agree to keep your User Account information you shared with us up-to-date.&nbsp.
You will not be able to opt-out of receive such service messages.
When you register or sign up to our blog or newsletter, you agree that we may provide notices and messages to you about the Services by email to the email address you provided us with.
You may unsubscribe from these emails at any time by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link which is part of the email you receive.
7.
Changes of this Agreement.


We reserve the right, at our discretion, to update, change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Agreement at any time in order to conform them to our business practices and applicable law.
All non-material changes are effective immediately when we post them and apply to all access to and use of the Services thereafter.&nbsp.
If we make material updates to this Agreement that would negatively impact your rights or increase your obligations under this Agreement, we will notify you of the change in advance via the Services.
If you do not agree with the change, you have the right to terminate this Agreement by closing your User Account (if applicable).
Your continued use of the Services following such notification will constitute your acceptance of the change and consent to this Agreement as revised.
8.&nbsp.
Allegations of Copyright Infringement.
You may notify us of copyright infringement on the Services by providing notice (a) by email with “Copyright Notification” in the subject line to copyright.notices@HERE.com, (b) by a document titled “Copyright Notification” mailed to HERE Global B.V.
with its registered address at Kennedyplein 222-226, 5611 ZT Eindhoven, The Netherlands, or (c) via the online form, if available.
Your notice must:
(1) identify the original copyrighted work you claim is infringed;
(2) identify the content on the Service that you claim is infringing the copyrighted work.
Please provide enough detail for us to locate the allegedly infringing content on the Services;
(3) provide your contact information, including your full name, mailing address, telephone number, and email address, if available;
(4) provide a statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the content in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
(5) provide this statement: “I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification and complaint is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner of an exclusive right that is infringed.”.
and
(6) provide your signature.
9.
Intellectual Property Rights.
The Services, the Content and any materials, graphics, audiovisual files, processes and code, features, functionality, the maps provided as part of the Services, and products or services accessible on or through the Services and all upgrades, updates, corrections, copies, emulations, modifications, and enhancements thereto, derivative works thereof, and all copyrights and other intellectual property rights related thereto are the property of Company, its affiliates, its licensors or suppliers, and Company, its affiliates, its licensors and suppliers retain all right, title, and interest in and to the Services, the Content and all intellectual property rights therein or in connection thereto.
The Services and Content are owned and operated by the Company and they are licensed, not sold, to you.
You do not acquire any ownership interest in the Services and the Content under this Agreement, or any other rights thereto other than to use the Services and the Content in accordance with the license granted to you, and subject to all terms, conditions, and restrictions, under this Agreement.
All the Company logos, trademarks, designs, graphics, icons, scripts and service names are registered trademarks or trade dress of the Company (collectively, the “Company Marks”).
In addition, the design, trade dress, and the ‘look and feel’ of the maps available to you as part of the Services are protected works under applicable copyright laws and we and our affiliates, licensors and suppliers retain all intellectual property rights in them.
The license granted to you in this Agreement does not extend to or include a license to use the maps displayed by the Services or any mark, indicator, logo or notation embedded in the maps other than as part of the Services.
You agree that you will not in any way modify, alter or tamper with any proprietary marks, copyright notices or other notices, or the Company Marks, that may be provided and/or displayed through the Services.
You acknowledge that we are the owner and licensor of the Company Marks, including all goodwill associated therewith, and that your use of the Company Marks will confer no additional interest in or ownership of the Company Marks in you but inures to the benefit of the Company.
All other trademarks, logos, service marks, company or product names set forth in the Services, such as the logos or trademarks of any Transport Provider of Transport Provider Services (including without limitation, rental services and public transportation services), are the property of their respective owners.
10.
Your Data and Content.
Through your use of some of the Services, we will automatically collect your personal data as described in the Privacy Notice, and you may, in addition and as described in the Privacy Notice, actively enter and submit information or data in connection with your use of the Services, including information provided in your User Account (if applicable), and photos (if applicable) (collectively “User Data”).
You assume sole responsibility for your User Data, and you alone are liable for the consequences when you provide us with User Data or User Content (as defined below).
All User Data is subject to the Privacy Notice.
To enable us to provide you with the Services, you hereby grant us: (a) a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable, right and license to collect, process, and use your User Data as set forth in the Privacy Notice and this Agreement.
and (b) an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable and sublicensable right and license to use for any lawful purpose your User Data in anonymized form.&nbsp;
In addition, in the course of your use of the Services, you may submit and share content and information with us, which may include feedback, comments, improvements, suggestions, questions, ideas or other information (collectively “User Content”).
You represent and warrant that you own all intellectual property rights in your User Content or otherwise have the right, and received all required consents, authorizations and licenses to use the User Content for the Services and to provide the User Content to us as contemplated hereunder, and that by submitting or sharing your User Content with us, you are granting us and our affiliates with an irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual, unrestrictive, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable and sublicensable right and license to use, copy, distribute, disseminate, prepare derivative works of, and display your User Content in any manner we deem fit, including for commercial purposes or otherwise, at our sole discretion and without acknowledgment or compensation to you but in each case we will not share or publish your personal data without your express prior written consent.&nbsp;
You are solely responsible for taking backup copies of your User Data and User Content.
If the Services are discontinued or canceled, we may permanently delete your User Data and User Content in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Notice.
11.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Geographic Restrictions.
The Services and the Content are provided from the Netherlands as well as countries in which the Company utilizes data centers.
You acknowledge that you may not be able to access all or some of the Content outside of your country, and that access thereto may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the Content from outside your country, you are responsible for compliance with local laws, including any laws applicable to the export of software or technology.
12.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Updates.
Availability.
The Company may from time to time in its sole discretion develop and provide Services updates, which may include upgrades, bug fixes, patches, other error corrections, and/or new features or modifications or discontinuation of existing features (collectively, including related documentation, “Updates”).&nbsp.
Updates may also modify or delete in their entirety certain features and functionality of the Services.&nbsp;
The Services and the Content availability and functionality depends on multiple factors.
We do not warrant or guarantee that the Services and the Content will operate and/or be available at all times without disruption or interruption, or that it will be immune from unauthorized access error-free.
The availability of the Services and the Content may vary and is subject to our sole discretion.
We reserve the right at our sole discretion to modify, correct, amend, enhance, improve, update, make any other changes to, discontinue, or suspend temporarily or permanently the Services (or any part or feature thereof) without notice to you, at any time and at our sole discretion.
You agree that the Company has no obligation to provide any Updates or to continue to provide or enable any particular features or functionality of the Services.
The Services, the Content and their operation and certain features available therein may also be dependent on the network you use, compatibility of the device(s) from which you access and use the Services, and the content formats supported.
You will have the right to terminate this Agreement if we make any material changes to the Services that you do not agree with.&nbsp;
13.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Third-Party Materials.
The Services may display, include, or make available third-party content (including data, information, applications, and other products, services, and/or materials) or provide links to third-party websites or services, including through third-party advertising (“Third-Party Materials”).
You acknowledge and agree that the Company is not responsible for Third-Party Materials, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality, or any other aspect thereof.
The Company does not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party Materials.
Third-Party Materials and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you, and you access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third-parties’ terms and conditions.
14.&nbsp;Term and Termination.
This Agreement is effective upon your acceptance of this Agreement and the creation of your User Account (if applicable), or if you are a visitor of one of our Websites, when you access the Websites.
If you wish to: (i) terminate your User Account, you must either (a) contact the Partner, or (b) send us an email to mobility_support@here.com with your request for termination and we will contact the Partner to receive his consent to terminate your User Account.
and (ii) terminate this Agreement and have all your User Data deleted, you must send us an email to: mobility_support@here.com with your request for deletion.
Please note that your User Account may not be terminated without the Partner approval.
For details of how to access your data and/or delete your data, please see Sections 3 (How We Store and Transfer Information) and 6 (Your Rights) of the Privacy Notice.
We may terminate this Agreement at any time if: (a) you breach, or we reasonably believe that you are in breach of any term within this Agreement or applicable law.
or (b) you are misusing the Services or pose a threat to the security of the Services.
Upon termination either by you or by us: (i) all rights granted to you under this Agreement will terminate.
(ii) you must cease all use of the Services and delete all copies of the Services, and your User Account (if applicable).
and (iii) our rights with respect to User Data shall survive only as set forth in the Privacy Notice.
The termination of this Agreement will not limit any of the Company’s rights or remedies at law or in equity.
15.
&nbsp;Your Representations.
(a) You represent that: (a) you will receive the access credential you need to access the Services from the Partner, and questions regarding your access credentials should be directed to this Partner.
and (b) you and the Partner, are solely and fully responsible for abiding by all applicable laws, rules and regulations, industry and professional standards, including, without limitation, the interaction with all parties in a professional and courteous manner.
(b) You acknowledge and agree that access and use of the Services is at your own risk, and that by accessing and using the Services and the Content, you agree to accept such risks and agree that you shall have the sole responsibility for any and all obligations or liabilities that arise from your access and use of the Services.
(c) You acknowledge and agree that when you make a booking through the Services on behalf of a consumer, you will: (i) only do so in accordance with the consumer’s specific requirements.
and (ii) share such consumers information as required for the booking with the Transport Provider only after receipt of his/her explicit prior consent.
(d) You represent and undertake to procure and ensure that you comply with, adhere to and observe the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and all applicable laws, regulations, rules, statutes or ordinances governing or otherwise relating to your use of the Services.&nbsp;
(e) You undertake that you will safeguard, protect, and keep your User Data, and the data of any consumer on whose behalf you book transportation services via the Services, or any other individual whose information is available to you as part of the Services, confidential and shall not disclose it to any person, or store the information in any manner, except as required by applicable law, including laws related to privacy and use of personal data and the personal data of minors.
(f) You shall notify the Company of any actual, suspected, or potential security breach or improper use of the Services or the User Data.
(g) You agree that you will: (a) behave in a safe and lawful manner while using and/or engaging with the Services, and (b) not engage in reckless or unsafe behaviors, including carrying a weapon, or threatening the health, safety, and wellbeing of yourself, or other third parties while using the Services.
(h) You acknowledge and agree that the Company will have the right, at all times, whether with or without cause, and at the Company’s sole discretion, to reclaim, prohibit, suspend, limit or otherwise restrict you from accessing or using the Services.
If you feel that any use of the Services violates this Agreement, you may report it to us via the contact us feature available in the Services or via email to: mobility_support@here.com.
16. Disclaimer of Warranties.
The Services and the Content are provided to you “as is” and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind.
To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory, or otherwise, with respect to the Services and the Content, including all implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, quiet enjoyment and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage, or trade practice.
Without limitation to the foregoing, the Company provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the Services will meet your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible, or work with any other software, applications, systems, or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error-free, accurate, timely, truthful, complete or reliable, or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.
The Company is not responsible and may not be held liable for the acts, activities, errors, omissions, behaviors, representations, warranties, breaches or negligence of any Partner (including without limitation, any Partner User), including without limitation in connection with the quality or safety of the services provided by them, bodily injuries, death, property damage, or other damages or expenses resulting therefrom.
If you have a dispute with a Partner, you hereby release Company and all its affiliated companies, officers, directors, agents, parents, subsidiaries, legal representatives and employees from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such dispute.
17.
Limitation of Liability.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will the Company or its affiliates, or any of its or their respective licensors or service providers, have any liability arising from or related to your use of or inability to use the Services or the Content for: (a) property damage, lost profits, cost of substitute goods or services, loss of data, loss of goodwill, business interruption, computer failure or malfunction, or any other consequential, indirect, exemplary.
or (b) direct damages in amounts that in the aggregate exceed the amount of €50.
The foregoing limitations will apply whether such damages arise out of breach of contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise and regardless of whether such damages were foreseeable, or the company was advised of the possibility of such damages.
The Company will not be liable for any cancellation, overbooking, strike, force majeure or other causes beyond its direct control.
The Company does not accept responsibility for the uninterrupted accessibility to the Services and may carry out technical or maintenance work on the Services at any time of its choosing.
18.
Indemnification.&nbsp;
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, and its and their respective directors, officers, employees, contractors, agents, representatives, successor and assigns from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, claims, actions, judgments, settlements, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs, damages, consequential damages, punitive damages, property damage, personal injury, theft or otherwise or expenses of whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising from or relating to: (a) your use or misuse of the Services and/or the Content.
(b) your breach of this Agreement, including but not limited to the User Content you submit or make available through the Services, or any of your responsibilities hereunder.
(c) your violation of any law, obligations imposed on you by regulatory authorities, industry and/or professional standards, or the rights of a third party.
and (d) any personal or property damage caused by you.
You and the Company acknowledge that in the event of any third-party claim that the Services and/or the Content or your possession and use of the Services and/or Content infringes that third-party’s intellectual property rights, the Company will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.
19.
General.
This Agreement and the Privacy Notice constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the Services and the Content and supersede all prior or contemporaneous understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the Services and the Content.
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of either party, any right or any power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or power hereunder preclude further exercise of that or any other right hereunder.
In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and any applicable purchase or other terms, the terms of this Agreement shall govern.
20. Assignment.

You may not assign or transfer your rights in and to the Services without our prior written consent.
We may assign our rights in and to the Services to any third party at our sole discretion, provided that such third party undertakes to comply with our obligations to you under this Agreement.
21.
Severability.

If any provision of this Agreement is illegal or unenforceable under applicable law, the remainder of the provision will be amended to achieve as closely as possible the effect of the original term and all other provisions of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.
22.
Governing Law.
This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of The Netherlands.
23.
Dispute Resolution

The courts in Eindhoven, The Netherlands have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including any non-contractual rights or obligations arising out of or in connection with this Agreement.
24.
Relationship Between You and the Company.
This Agreement and your use of the Services, do not, and shall not be construed as creating any relationship, joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency in any way and of any kind between you and the Company.
Your access and use of the Services are intended for your enjoyment and benefit and the provision of the Services to you (subject to your compliance with this Agreement) constitutes the sole and sufficient consideration that you are entitled to receive for any User Data or other contributions you have made to the Services, or any part thereof.
25.
Notice.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Agreement or the Services, please contact us via email at mobility_support@here.com or at:

HERE Global B.V.


Kennedyplein 222-226
5611 ZT Eindhoven
The Netherlands
26. No Third-Party Rights.
This Agreement is solely between you, the user of the Services, and the Company.&nbsp.
A person who is not a party to this Agreement shall have no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any of its terms.
Each party represents to the other that their respective rights to terminate, rescind or agree any amendment, variation, waiver or settlement under this Agreement are not subject to the consent of any person that is not a party to this Agreement.
&nbsp;   Supplier Terms Applicable to Location Content Effective date:&nbsp;Tuesday, 7 May, 2019 The following terms apply to the location content specified.:
References to “you” shall mean the individual person or entity using the data.
If your products and/or services use map data that is made accessible through the HERE Services, you shall provide End-Users of your products and/or services with notice, in a reasonably conspicuous manner (e.g., in the End-User Terms), of the supplier notices and related terms applicable to such map data by (i) referencing the notices and related terms set forth herein, and (ii) including the following copyright notice:&nbsp.
“© 1987 - 2017 HERE.
All rights reserved.”
Data for countries in the Americas, the Middle East, Europe, Russia, Africa and/or Asia Pacific: © 1987 - 2017 HERE
The following terms shall apply to the use of map data for the countries specified below to the extent that (i) the application, product and/or service which you are using.
or (ii) your product and/or services uses or includes map data for each respective country:
&nbsp; North America Travel Midwest Gateway Traveler Information System https://www.travelmidwest.com/lmiga/policies.jsp
Neighborhood Boundaries in Transit and Pedestrian Data ©Maponics, LLC – Duplication is Strictly Prohibited.

United States

The data for the United States may include or reflect data provided under license from third party licensors, including data which is subject to the following notices:
HERE holds a non-exclusive license from the United States Postal Service® to publish and sell ZIP+4® information.
©United States Postal Service® 2012.
Prices are not established, controlled or approved by the United States Postal Service®.
The following trademarks and registrations are owned by the USPS: United States Postal Service, USPS, and ZIP+4.
Includes data available from the following sources: U.S.
Geological Survey.
FWHA Office of Bridges and Structures.
Toponymic information is based on the Geographic Names Database, containing official standard names approved by the United States Board on Geographic Names and maintained by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.
More information is available at the Maps and Geodata link at www.nga.mil.
The National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency name, initials, and seal are protected by 10 United States Code Section 425.”
Contains information from car2go.
This product uses the Zipcar API but is not endorsed or certified by Zipcar.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government License from the following sources: City of Prince George.
Squamish.
&nbsp;

Alaska

Data provided courtesy of MOA

Arizona

Contains information from City of Mesa, AZ http://open.mesaaz.gov/home under open data license available at http://www.mesaaz.gov/city-hall/open-data/open-data-terms-of-use

California&nbsp;&nbsp.
&nbsp;

Contains content from the following sources:&nbsp;City of Fremont (https://fremont.gov/2082/Open-Data provided under open data license available at https://fremont.gov/DocumentCenter/View/28876).
County of Shasta GIS.
The City of Bakersfield (provided under www.bakersfieldcity.us/gov/depts/geographic_information_services/gis_dat...).
Data provided by AC Transit with the following Disclaimer: http://www.actransit.org/data-terms-and-conditions/
Contains content licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0) from the following sources: County of Nevada (http://data-nevcounty.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/parcel-situs-address).
&nbsp;
Contains content licensed under CC BY 3.0, creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0 from the following sources: Foothill Transit (http://foothilltransit.org/about/developer-resources/);
LADOT Transit information provided on this site is subject to change without notice.
For the most current information, go to www.ladottranist.com.
Transit data supplied through agreement with San Francisco Bay Area's 511 and participating transit providers.&nbsp.
Http://transit.511.org.
Some data reproduced with permission granted by the City and County of San Francisco.
The information has been provided by means of a nonexclusive, limited, and revocable license granted by the City and County of San Francisco.
The City and County of San Francisco does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, completeness or usefulness of any information.
The City and County of San Francisco provides this information "as is," without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, and assumes no responsibility for anyone's use of the information
Route and schedule data provided by permission of San Joaquin RTD.
San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency Transit Data: SFMTA - Reproduced with permission granted by the City and County of San Francisco.
The information has been provided by means of a nonexclusive, limited, and revocable license granted by the City and County of San Francisco.
The City and County of San Francisco does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, completeness or usefulness of any information.
The City and County of San Francisco provides this information "as is," without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, and assumes no responsibility for anyone's use of the information.
GIS data derived, modified, reduced, and/or processed from Mono County source data, available at http://gis.mono.ca.gov.
Copyright Mono County 2017.

Colorado&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.


Contains information from City of Fort Collins http://www.fcgov.com/gis/downloadable-data.php, with permission from the City of Fort Collins.
The copyright notice is available at http://www.fcgov.com/legal/?cmd=copyright
Contains content licensed under CC BY 3.0, creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0 from the following sources: City of Denver Open Data Catalog (data.denvergov.org).
Contains content licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0) from the following sources: Boulder County Colorado, http://gis-bouldercounty.opendata.arcgis.com/
Contains data from Eagle County CO.

Illinois

Travel Midwest Gateway Traveler Information System https://www.travelmidwest.com/lmiga/policies.jsp
This product or service is not sponsored or operated by METRA.&nbsp.
Data used in this product includes data reproduced with permission of METRA.

Indiana

The Indiana Department of Transportation (INDOT) Provides these geographic data "as is" and the user accepts the data "as is", and assumes all risks associated with its use.
By acceptance of this data, the user agrees not to transmit this data or provide access to it, or any part of it, to another party unless the user shall include with the data a copy of this disclaimer.
INDOT makes no guarantee or warranty concerning the accuracy of information contained in the geographic data.
INDOT further makes no warranties, either expressed or implied as to any other matter whatsoever, including, without limitation, the condition of any product, or its fitness for any particular purpose.
The burden for determining fitness for use lies entirely with the user.
Although these data have been processed successfully on computers of INDOT, no warranty, expressed or implied, is made by INDOT regarding the use of these data on any other system, nor does the fact of distribution constitute or imply any such warranty.
In no event shall INDOT have any liability whatsoever for payment of any consequential, incidental, indirect, special, or tort damages of any kind, including, but not limited to, any loss of profits arising out of or reliance on the geographic data or arising out of the delivery, installation, operation, or support by INDOT.

Kansas

Contains data from US GeoSpatial Services.

Massachusetts&nbsp;&nbsp.
&nbsp;

Contains Mass DOT Transit Data ( Berkshire RTA, Brockton Area Transit Authority, Cape Ann RTA, Cape Cod RTA, Franklin RTA, Greater Attleboro Taunton Regional Transit, Lexpress, Lowell RTA, Merrimack Valley RTA, Metrowest RTA, Montachusett RTA, Pioneer Valley RTA, Vineyard Transit Authori) from Massachusetts Department of Transportation (massDOT) www.massdot.state.ma.us/DevelopersData.aspx, licensed under MassDot Developers’ Relationship Principals,” http://www.massdot.state.ma.us/Portals/0/docs/developers/develop_license....
In no event shall EOT or its employees, officers, or agents be liable for any damages, claim or loss incurred by HERE (including without limitation, compensatory, incidental, indirect, special, consequential, or exemplary damages, lost profits, lost sales or business, expenditures, investments or commitments in connection with any business, or loss of goodwill) resulting from loss of the Data or inability to use the Data irrespective of whether EOT had been informed of, knew of, or should have known of the likelihood of such damages, claim, or loss.
This limitation applies to all causes of action in the aggregate, including, without limitation, breach of contract, breach of warranty, negligence, strict liability, misrepresentation, and other torts.
MassGIS (Bureau of Geographic Information), Commonwealth of Massachusetts EOTSS

Maryland

Contains data from Central Maryland Regional Transit available at http://www.mdtrip.org/commuter-tools/developer-resources/
Anne Arundel County Maryland
Contains content licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License (CC BY 3.0) at https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ from the following sources: Wilkin County http://share-wilkinco.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/road-centerlines
Contains content licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0) from the following sources: City of Baltimore (https://www.baltimorecity.gov/).

Minnesota

Contains content licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0) from the following sources: Howard County Maryland,&nbsp;https://data.howardcountymd.gov/

New England&nbsp;&nbsp.
&nbsp;

Contains information from the New England Compass Traveler Information System “Developers Page”, "http://nec-por.ne-compass.com/DeveloperPortal/ "licensed under “http://nec-por.ne-compass.com/DeveloperPortal/Home/Terms”

New York&nbsp;&nbsp;

This application may contain and/or utilize information which was originally compiled by the New York City Department of Transportation (DOT) for governmental purposes.
the information may subsequently been modified by entity/entities other than DOT.
DOT and the City of New York make no representation as to the accuracy or usefulness of the information provided by this application or the information's suitability for any purpose and disclaim any liability for omissions or errors that may be contained therein.
The public is advised to observe posted signage for compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
http://www.nyc.gov/html/dot/html/about/datafeeds.shtml#ParkingReg
Contains data from Go Transit https://gotransitnc.org/developer-resources/gtfs , Last date Updated: 11/21/2016.
(HERE products are not sponsored by, affiliated with or operated by GoTransit.)
Contains data from New York City Department of Transportation (DOT).
Disclaimer available at http://www.nyc.gov/html/dot/html/about/datafeeds.shtml#disclaimerhttp://...

Oregon

Route and arrival data provided by permission of County Metropolitan Transportation District of Oregon.
Includes data from the Oregon Department of Transportation (ODOT).
ODOT attempts to provide the best service reasonably available, but situations will occur that disrupt service.
The updating and dissemination of the ODOT data depends on a number of available resources, including Internet availability, communications networks, and interconnected computer systems which may be beyond the immediate control of ODOT and availability at any given time is not guaranteed.
Because weather, road and traffic conditions change rapidly, drivers are in the best position to perceive such conditions and adjust their driving accordingly.
Those relying on information presented by ODOT do so at their own risk, and the State of Oregon and ODOT providing the data, and any of their officers, employees or agents shall be held harmless and released from liability for the accuracy or completeness of this information and from any actions taken based on the information.
All information is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
ODOT assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in its information.
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall ODOT be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, ODOT data.
Data is provided by permission of Jefferson County, Oregon
This map was developed using Hood River County’s Geographic Information System digital data, but this secondary product has not been verified by HOOD RIVER COUNTY and is not authorized by Hood River County.
Contains content licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0) from the following sources: Jackson County http://data.jacksoncounty.org/datasets/address-point?geometry=-127.006%2...

Pennsylvania &nbsp;&nbsp;

Contains content from the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation, www.511PA.com Licensed under http://www.dot.state.pa.us/public/pdf/511PA_Developers%27_Corner-T+Cs.pdf .
The use of PennDOT data is for public service only and is not intended to serve as an endorsement of the advertising or commercial activity by PennDOT.
Transit data reproduced with permission granted by Port Authority of Allegheny County (PAAC).
The information has been provided by means of a nonexclusive, limited, and revocable license granted by PAAC.
PAAC does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, completeness, or usefulness of any information.
PAAC provides this information "as is" without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose and assumes no responsibility for anyone's use of the information.
Contains content licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0) from the following sources: Chester County Pennsylvania, http://data1-chesco.opendata.arcgis.com/

Rhode Island

Contains data from AK Associates conflated this data from the existing road data developed by MicroDATA GIS, RI DOT, 2008 Pictometry and data provided by Municipal Agencies for Rhode Island Enhanced 9-1-1 (RI E-911) available at http://www.rigis.org/datasets/e-911-road-centerlines?geometry=-75.847%2C40.862%2C-67.212%2C42.3 

South Dakota

Contains content licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0) from the following sources: City of Sioux Falls www.siouxfalls.org/central-services/gis/Resources/data

Texas&nbsp;&nbsp;

Includes content licensed under Creative Commons 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode) from the following sources: The City of College Station (data.cstx.opendata.arcgis.com).
City of Fort Worth (https://data.fortworthtexas.gov/).
Data from the North Central Texas Council of Governments (NCTCOG), http://rdc.nctcog.org/Index.aspx, was used in the preparation of this product under NCTCOG’s license, http://rdc.nctcog.org/copyright.aspx
Data provided by the Fort Worth Transportation Authority (The T) is not warranted by The T for accuracy or completeness and data is subject to change without notice.
Included data from the following sources: VIA Metropolitan Transit.
Montgomery County, Texas
You are encouraged to acknowledge the source of the provided data with the tag line "powered by Dallas Area Rapid Transit Real Time Feed", along with the DART logo and a link to http://www.dart.org

Utah

Contains information from Duchesne County, UT available at http://maps.duchesne.utah.gov/Default.aspx#
Data used in this product or service includes route and arrival data provided by permission of Utah Transit Authority, unless otherwise agreed by UTA in writing.

Virginia

Contains real-time Transit feed for the ART transit agency in Arlington, Virginia available at https://www.arlingtontransit.com/pages/rider-tools/tools-for-developers licensed under http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/

Washington

Data provided by permission of King County
Transit scheduling, geographic, and real-time data provided by Jefferson Transit Authority
Route and arrival data provided by permission of Pierce Transit.
Contains Pierce County GIS data: Pierce County does not warrant its GIS data in any way and makes each of the disclaimers set forth in its Terms of Use, located at: http://gisdata-piercecowa.opendata.arcgis.com/
Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority transit information provided on this site is subject to change without notice.
For the most current information, please go to:&nbsp;www.wmata.com/rider_tools/tripplanner/tripplanner_form_solo.cfm.
Contains copyrighted material from DCGIS Open Data, http://maps2.dcgis.dc.gov/dcgis/rest/services/DCGIS_DATA/Location_WebMercator/MapServer/0, licensed in accordance with http://opendata.dc.gov/datasets/aa514416aaf74fdc94748f1e56e7cc8a_0
Includes content from Skagit County GIS.
Skagit County data is developed and maintained solely for County business functions, and use or interpretation of data by the Requestor or others is solely their responsibility.
The County makes no warranty, expressed or implied, concerning the data’s content, accuracy, currency or completeness, or concerning the results to be obtained from queries or use of the data.
ALL DATA IS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED AS IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS.
The County makes no warranty of fitness for a particular purpose, and no representation as to the quality of any data.
Users of data are responsible for ensuring the accuracy, currency and other qualities of all products (including maps, reports, displays and analysis) produced from or in connection with Skagit County Geographic Information Services data.

Wisconsin

Milwaukee Country Transit System (MCTS) Data is not sponsored or operated by MTS or MCTS.&nbsp.
MCTS Data contains valid information for a specific period time, which is defined within the MCTS Data.&nbsp.
MCTS DATA IS PROVIDED "AS IS", "WHERE IS", AND "AS AVAILABLE".&nbsp.
MTS MAKES NO OTHER REPRESENATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.&nbsp.
MTS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILTY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Data provided under license granted by City of Madison, WI, Metro Transit.
Reproduced with permission from the County of Walworth.
Includes content licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode) from the following sources: Waupaca County (https://data2017-04-05t135915451z-waupacacounty.opendata.arcgis.com/data...)
Contains content licensed under CC BY 3.0, creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0 from the following sources: Wood County Open Data Portal (http://opendata.woodcogis.com/datasets/roads)

Canada

The following provisions apply to the Data for the Territory of Canada, which may include or reflect data from third party licensors ( Third Party Data ), including Her Majesty the Queen in Right of Canada ( Her Majesty ), Canada Post Corporation ( Canada Post ) and the Department of Natural Resources Canada ( NRCan ) :
1.
Disclaimer and Limitation.
Client agrees that its use of the Third Party Data is subject to the following provisions:
a.
Disclaimer.
The Third Party Data is licensed on an as is basis.
The licensors of such data, including Her Majesty, Canada Post and NRCan, make no guarantees, representations or warranties respecting such data, either express or implied, arising by law or otherwise, including but not limited to, effectiveness, completeness, accuracy or fitness for a particular purpose.
b.
Limitation on Liability.
The Third Party Data licensors, including Her Majesty, Canada Post and NRCan, shall not be liable: (i) in respect of any claim, demand or action, irrespective of the nature of the cause of the claim, demand or action alleging any loss, injury or damages, direct or indirect, which may result from the use or possession of such Data.
or (ii) in any way for loss of revenues or contracts, or any other consequential loss of any kind resulting from any defect in the Data.
2.
Copyright Notice.
In connection with each copy of all or any portion of the Data for the Territory of Canada, Client shall affix in a conspicuous manner the following copyright notice on at least one of: (i) the label for the storage media of the copy.
(ii) the packaging for the copy.
or (iii) other materials packaged with the copy, such as user manuals or end user license agreements:
This data includes information taken with permission from Canadian authorities, including © Her Majesty, © Queen's Printer for Ontario, © Canada Post, GeoBase®, © Department of Natural Resources Canada.
All rights reserved.
3.
End-User Terms.
In connection with the provision of any portion of the Data for the Territory of Canada to End-Users as may be authorized under the Agreement, Client shall provide such End-Users, in a reasonably conspicuous manner, with terms (set forth with other end user terms required to be provided under the Agreement, or as otherwise may be provided, by Client) which shall include the following provisions on behalf of the Third Party Data licensors, including Her Majesty, Canada Post and NRCan:
&nbsp;The Data may include or reflect data of licensors, including Her Majesty the Queen in the Right of Canada ( Her Majesty ), Canada Post Corporation ( Canada Post ) and the Department of Natural Resources Canada ( NRCan ).
Such data is licensed on an as is basis.
The licensors, including Her Majesty, Canada Post and NRCan, make no guarantees, representations or warranties respecting such data, either express or implied, arising by law or otherwise, including but not limited to, effectiveness, completeness, accuracy or fitness for a particular purpose.
The licensors, including Her Majesty, Canada Post and NRCan, shall not be liable in respect of any claim, demand or action, irrespective of the nature of the cause of the claim, demand or action alleging any loss, injury or damages, direct or indirect, which may result from the use or possession of the data or the Data.
The licensors, including Her Majesty, Canada Post and NRCan, shall not be liable in any way for loss of revenues or contracts, or any other consequential loss of any kind resulting from any defect in the data or the Data.
End User shall indemnify and save harmless the licensors, including Her Majesty, Canada Post and NRCan, and their officers, employees and agents from and against any claim, demand or action, irrespective of the nature of the cause of the claim, demand or action, alleging loss, costs, expenses, damages or injuries (including injuries resulting in death) arising out of the use or possession of the data or the Data
4.
Additional Provisions.
The terms contained in this Section are in addition to all of the rights and obligations of the parties under the Agreement.
To the extent that any of the provisions of this Section are inconsistent with, or conflict with, any other provisions of the Agreement, the provisions of this Section shall prevail.
For Postal Code Points :
1.
You are restricted from (i) duplicating, redistributing and/or sublicensing Postal Code Points for Canada.
(ii) deriving for publication, direct commercial sale or other forms of redistribution, a new or modified product or service that is based on the Postal Code Points.
and (iii) entering into any type of trade exchange or barter arrangement with any other party with respect to the Postal Code Points for Canada.
2.
You may use the content contained in Postal Code Points for Canada only for personal, corporate or public policy research, as well as for educational purposes.
Such permission includes the right to use the content in analysis and the reporting of results and conclusions, including the citation of limited amounts of supporting data extracted from Postal Code Points in such documents.
3.
You may seek copyright approval for any intended publication of significant portions of material extracted from or generated in the course of using Postal Code Points for Canada in this product.
Postal Code Points for Canada are based on Computer Files licensed from Statistics Canada.
©Statistics Canada 20XX.
HERE is an Authorized User of selected Statistics Canada Computer Files and Distributor of Derived Information Products under Licensing Agreement 8058.
Additional Provisions:
Contains information licensed under the Open Government or Open Data Licenses from the following sources:&nbsp;British Columbia.
Burnaby.
Canada.
City of Calgary.
City of Greater Sudbury.
City of Kingston.
City of New Westminster.
City of Surrey.
City of Yorkton.
Edmonton and Alberta.
Hamilton.
Kamloops.
Maple Ridge.
Newfoundland and Labrador.
Niagara Region.
Nova Scotia.
Ontario.
Peel.
Strathcona County.
The Corporation of the City of Kitchener.
The Corporation of the County of Hastings.
Toronto.
Town of Oakville.
Township of Langley.
Vancouver.
West Parry Sounds.
Winnipeg.
Contains information provided by the City of Guelph under City of Guelph Open Government License, http://data.open.guelph.ca/pages/open-government-licence
Contains public sector Datasets made available under the City of Yellowknife's Open Data License v.1, https://opendata.yellowknife.ca/home/details/572162d0-306e-4519-9750-d0c..., licensed in accordance with,https://www.yellowknife.ca/en/discovering-yellowknife/resources/geomatic...
Contains public sector Datasets made available under the Town of Milton's Open Data License v.1
Data used in this product or service is provided with the permission of Metrolinx.
Metrolinx makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, and assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or currency of the data used in this product or service.
Includes content licensed under Creative Commons 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode) from the following sources: Ville de Québec (donnees.ville.quebec.qc.ca).
Ville de Gatineau (http://www.gatineau.ca/donneesouvertes).
Ville de Longueuil (https://www.longueuil.quebec/fr/donnees-ouvertes).
Ville de Montréal (http://donnees.ville.montreal.qc.ca).
La Ville de Laval (www.donneesquebec.ca/fr/organisation/ville-de-laval/).
For Census Boundaries, you are restricted from (i) duplicating, redistributing and/or sublicensing Census Boundaries.
(ii) deriving for publication, direct commercial sale or other forms of redistribution, a new or modified product or service that is based on the Census Boundaries.
and (iii) entering into any type of trade exchange or barter arrangement with any other party with respect to the Census Boundaries.
You may seek copyright approval for any intended publication of significant portions of material extracted from or generated in the course of using Census Boundaries.
Census Boundaries is based on Computer Files licensed from Statistics Canada.
©Statistics Canada 20XX.
HERE is an Authorized User of selected Statistics Canada Computer Files and Distributor of Derived Information Products under Licensing Agreement 8058.
Route and arrival data used in this product or service is provided by permission of TransLink.
TransLink assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or currency of the Data used in this product or service.
Contains Copyrighted material 2001 Her Majesty the Queen in Right of Manitoba.
All rights reserved
&nbsp;Application, product, or service incorporating public information from Réseau de transport de la Capitale, updated on 2.1.17
This product uses the Zipcar API but is not endorsed or certified by Zipcar.
Contains data from the following sources: BC Transit (https://bctransit.com/*/footer/open-data, Licensed under https://bctransit.com/*/footer/open-data/terms-of-usecar2go).
OC Transpo (http://ottawa.ca/en/mobile-apps-and-open-data/open-data-terms-use).
New Brunswick (http://www.moncton.ca/Government/Terms_of_use.htm);&nbsp;Société de transport de l'Outaouais (STO) (The STO is not responsible for the accuracy of the information generated by this application.
Last update: 2017-02-16).
The City of Moncton.
The City of Saskatoon (available at http://opendata-saskatoon.cloudapp.net/).

Mexico

Census Boundaries: INEGI (Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía), Mapa Digital de México, 2015;
Fuente: INEGI.
Red Nacional De Caminos (RNC) 2014.
Contains data from the State of Jalisco, datos.gob.mx/busca/dataset/conjunto-de-datos-vectoriales-cartografia-de-localidades-urbanas-numeros-exteriores licensed in accordanace with Libre USO MX, http://datos.gob.mx/libreusomx
HERE Traffic for Mexico may include certain data from Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía
Contains information provided by gob.mx
&nbsp; Europe Territory EU
Contains data from European Environment Agency (EEA).
Spatial data set of (geo) reference base cadastre © The ministry of agriculture of the Republic of Lithuania

Austria

© Bundesamt für Eich- und Vermessungswesen
Contains content licensed in accordance with http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode from the following sources: Gemeinde Engerwitzdorf (http://www.engerwitzdorf.at/index.php/ct-menu-item-84/ct-menu-item-86, https://www.data.gv.at/auftritte/?organisation=gemeinde-engerwitzdorf).
Land Kärnten (data.ktn.gv.at).
Land Oberösterreich (http://www.land-Oberoesterreich.gv.at/opendata.htm, https://www.data.gv.at/auftritte/?organisation=land-oberoesterreich).
Land Steiermark (data.steiermark.gv.at).
Land Salzburg (data.salzburg.gv.at).
Land Tirol (data.tirol.gv.at).
Land Vorarlberg (data.vorarlberg.gv.at).
Magistrat der Landeshauptstadt Salzburg (https://www.data.gv.at/auftritte/?organisation=stadt-salzburg).
Stadt Graz (http://data.graz.gv.at, https://www.data.gv.at/auftritte/?organisation=stadt-graz).
Stadt Innsbruck (https://www.data.gv.at/auftritte/?organisation=stadt-innsbruck).
Statdt Linz (data.linz.gv.at).
LINZ AG (data.linz.gv.at).
Stadt Wien (data.wien.gv.at.
https://www.data.gv.at/katalog/dataset/ab4a73b6-1c2d-42e1-b4d9-049e04889cf0).
www.basemap.at.
Contains content licensed in accordance with https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/at/legalcode from the following sources: Land Niederösterreich - Abteilung BD3 - Hydrologie und Geoinformation (https://www.data.gv.at/katalog/dataset/politische-gemeindegrenzen-no-1-5...);&nbsp.
Wiener Linien GmbH &amp.
Co KG (https://www.data.gv.at/katalog/dataset/36a8b9e9-909e-4605-a7ba-686ee3e1b...
https://www.data.gv.at/katalog/dataset/f1f6f15d-2faa-4b62-b78b-80599dd1c...
https://www.data.gv.at/katalog/dataset/add66f20-d033-4eee-b9a0-47019828e...
https://www.data.gv.at/katalog/dataset/9c203fec-dc0d-412c-a7a3-7fd77d034...
https://www.data.gv.at/katalog/dataset/1781fe60-facf-4e56-9539-18a945b98...
https://www.data.gv.at/katalog/dataset/5e6a94f8-c6e1-4175-948b-de336af10...
https://www.data.gv.at/katalog/dataset/e5fd5fbc-c53e-4774-a42d-0028d7594...
https://www.data.gv.at/katalog/dataset/21fca925-12ac-4215-ba1a-a9c73cb3b082);&nbsp;Geoland (https://www.data.gv.at/auftritte/?organisation=geoland);&nbsp;
Contains content licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0) from the following sources: LINZ AG (https://www.data.gv.at/);&nbsp;ÖBB-Personenverkehr AG
© Österreichisches Adressregister, data of the record date 02.10.2016
Contains information from car2go
This product uses the Zipcar API but is not endorsed or certified by Zipcar.
Point Addressing: © Österreichischer Adressregister (Austrian Register of Addresses) – GZ 6280/2009
HERE Traffic for Austria may not be by used by: (a) radio and TV stations that operate radio or TV frequencies in Austria that can be received in Austria, or (b) Internet platform providers that are based in Austria and that target End-Users in Austria.

Belgium

Realized by means of Brussels UrbIS®© - Distribution &amp.
Copyright CIRB, available at http://www.bric.irisnet.be/en/our-solutions/urbis-solutions/download?set...
Includes content made available by AGIV and Antwerpen (bron stad Antwerpen).
Bevat overheidsinformatie verkregen onder de Gratis Open Data Licentie Vlaanderen v.1.0.
Contains public information obtained under the Free Open Data License Flanders v.
1.2.
Contains content of City of Brussel opendata.brussel.be, licensed in accordance with cibg.brussels/nl/onze-oplossingen/urbis-solutions/urbis-open-data-licentie , downloaded in March, 2018.
and content licensed in accordance with http://www.etalab.gouv.fr/licence-ouverte-open-licence.
Contains content licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0) from the following sources: Digital Wallonia (http://data.digitalwallonia.be/dataset/donnees-tec).
TEC - Transport En Commun (https://opendata.digitalwallonia.be/dataset/donnees-tec).
Traffic Codes for Belgium are provided by the Ministerie van de Vlaamse Gemeenschap and the Ministèrie de l’Equipement et des Transports.

Croatia

© EuroGeographics
Includes content licensed under the Open license (Otvorena dozvola, as defined in https://narodne-novine.nn.hr/clanci/sluzbeni/2017_07_67_1577.html), from the following sources: Grad Rijeka (http://data.gov.hr/dataset/adresar-osnovnih-skola-u-gradu-rijeci/resource/fd49a956-8570-4858-abab-905ec2e2bdc4, http://data.gov.hr/dataset/autobusne-stanice, http://data.gov.hr/dataset/autobusne-linije).
Hrvatski zavod za zdravstveno osiguranje (http://data.gov.hr/dataset/ugovoreni-sadr-aji-primarne-zdravstvene-za-tite, http://data.gov.hr/dataset/ugovoreni-sadr-aji-primarne-zdravstvene-za-tite , http://data.gov.hr/dataset/ugovoreni-sadr-aji-primarne-zdravstvene-za-tite ).
Ministarstvo kulture (http://data.gov.hr/dataset/registar-kulturnih-dobara/resource/registar-kulturnih-dobara, http://data.gov.hr/dataset/registar-umjetnickih-organizacija/resource/registar-umjetnickih-organizacija)

Cyprus

© EuroGeographics
Contains content licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0) from the following sources: Republic of Cyprus, Ministry of Finance, National Open Data Portal http://www.data.gov.cy (http://www.data.gov.cy/mof/papd/DataPortal/dataportal.nsf/All/03B37D1182..., downloaded by licensee in August 2016, http://www.data.gov.cy/mof/papd/dataportal/dataportal.nsf/All/4D4A7FCEF1...
and http://www.data.gov.cy/mof/papd/dataportal/dataportal.nsf/All/F9BCBAF164..., both downloaded by licensee in November 2016).
ΙΑΤΡΙΚΕΣ ΥΠΗΡ.
ΚΑΙ ΥΠΗΡ.ΔΗΜΟΣΙΑΣ ΥΓΕΙΑΣ (http://www.data.gov.cy/mof/papd/dataportal/dataportal.nsf/All/C66AC007FE..., downloaded by licensee in June 2017).
ΤΜΗΜΑ ΔΑΣΩΝ (http://www.data.gov.cy/mof/papd/DataPortal/dataportal.nsf/All/03B37D11825B86B6C2257FE7002E1A87?OpenDocument.
http://www.data.gov.cy/mof/papd/DataPortal/dataportal.nsf/All/4C80A4D26477CB6CC2257FE7002DAD98?OpenDocument.
http://www.data.gov.cy/mof/papd/DataPortal/dataportal.nsf/All/8071854059080301C2257FE7002DFCCD?OpenDocument downloaded by licensee in March 2018).
ΤΜΗΜΑ ΚΤΗΜΑΤΟΛΟΓΙΟΥ ΚΑΙ ΧΩΡΟΜΕΤΡΙΑΣ (http://www.data.gov.cy/mof/papd/dataportal/dataportal.nsf/All/57121B3375..., downloaded by licensee in June 2017.
http://www.data.gov.cy/mof/papd/DataPortal/dataportal.nsf/All/4CEFBFFEE99E9C99C225805800317E3A?OpenDocument downloaded by licensee in March 2018).
ΤΜΗΜΑ ΠΕΡΙΒΑΛΛΟΝΤΟΣ (http://www.data.gov.cy/mof/papd/DataPortal/dataportal.nsf/All/4652C72A347906E5C2257FBF003918B3?OpenDocument downloaded by licensee in March 2018), Police station locations in Cyprus (https://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/%CF%84%CE%BF%CF%80%CE%BF%CE%B8%CE%B5%CF%...);&nbsp;Φαρμακευτικές Υπηρεσίες Pharmaceutical Services, Ministry of Health (https://data.gov.cy/dataset/κατάλογος-διημερευόντων-φαρμακείων);&nbsp.
https://data.gov.cy/dataset/%CE%BA%CE%B1%CF%84%CE%AC%CE%BB%CE%BF%CE%B3%C...
Τμήμα Δημοσίων Έργων, Δημόσιες Υπεραστικές Μεταφορές INTERCITY BUSES (https://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/δημόσιες-υπεραστικές-μεταφορές-intercity-buses);&nbsp;Τμήμα Δημοσίων Έργων, Δημόσιες Μεταφορές Επαρχίας Πάφου, 2018 (https://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/δημόσιες-μεταφορές-επαρχίας-πάφου?language=el);&nbsp;Τμήμα Δημοσίων Έργων, Δημόσιες Μεταφορές Δήμου Λευκωσίας Μικρά Λεωφορεία, 2018 (https://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/δημόσιες-μεταφορές-δήμου-λευκωσίας-μικρά-λεωφορεία);&nbsp;Τμήμα Δημοσίων Έργων, Δημόσιες Μεταφορές Επαρχίας Αμμοχώστου, 2018 (https://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/δημόσιες-μεταφορές-επαρχίας-αμμοχώστου);&nbsp;Τμήμα Δημοσίων Έργων, Δημόσιες Μεταφορές Επαρχίας Λεμεσού, 2018 (https://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/δημόσιες-μεταφορές-επαρχίας-λεμεσού);&nbsp;Τμήμα Δημοσίων Έργων, Δημόσιες Μεταφορές Επαρχίας Λάρνακας, 2018 (https://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/δημόσιες-μεταφορές-επαρχίας-λάρνακας);&nbsp;Τμήμα Δημοσίων Έργων, Δημόσιες Μεταφορές Επαρχίας Λευκωσίας, 2018 (https://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/δημόσιες-μεταφορές-επαρχίας-λευκωσίας);&nbsp;Τμήμα Εφόρου Εταιρειών και Επίσημου Παραλήπτη, Υπουργείο Ενέργειας, Εμπορίου και Βιομηχανίας, Κυπριακή Δημοκρατία, 2019 (https://www.data.gov.cy/node/4016?language=en);&nbsp;
data.gov.cy (http://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/%CF%80%CF%81%CF%89%CF%84%CE%B5%CF%8D %CE%BF%CE%BD-%CE%BF%CE%B4%CE%B9%CE%BA%CF%8C-%CE%B4%CE%AF%CE%BA%CF%84%CF%85%CE%BF-%CF%84%CE%BF%CF%80%CE%BF%CE%B3%CF%81%CE%B1%CF%86%CE%B9%CE%BA%CF%8C%CF%82-%CF%87%CE%AC%CF%81%CF%84%CE%B7%CF%82.
http://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/%CE%BF%CE%B4%CE%B9%CE%BA%CF%8C-%CE%B4%CE%AF%CE%BA%CF%84%CF%85%CE%BF-%CE%BB%CE%BF%CE%B9%CF%80%CE%BF%CE%AF-%CE%B4%CF%81%CF%8C%CE%BC%CE%BF%CE%B9-%CF%84%CE%BF%CF%80%CE%BF%CE%B3%CF%81%CE%B1%CF%86%CE%B9%CE%BA%CF%8C%CF%82-%CF%87%CE%AC%CF%81%CF%84%CE%B7%CF%82.
http://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/%CE%B4%CE%AF%CE%BA%CF%84%CF%85%CE%B1-%CE%...
http://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/%CE%BA%CE%B1%CF%84%CE%AC%CE%BB%CE%BF%CE%B3%CE%BF%CF%82-%CE%BA%CE%AD%CE%BD%CF%84%CF%81%CF%89%CE%BD-%CF%80%CE%BF%CE%BB%CE%B9%CF%84%CF%8E%CE%BD-%CE%BA%CE%B5%CF%80%CE%B;&nbsp;http://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/%CE%BA%CF%85%CE%B2%CE%B5%CF%81%CE%BD%CE%B7%CF%84%CE%B9%CE%BA%CE%AC-%CE%BA%CF%84%CE%AF%CF%81%CE%B9%CE%B1-%CE%B4%CE%AE%CE%BC%CE%BF%CF%85-%CE%BB%CE%B5%CF%85%CE%BA%CF%89%CF%83%CE%AF%CE%B1%CF%82-;&nbsp;http://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/%CE%B4%CE%B7%CE%BC%CE%BF%CF%84%CE%B9%CE%BA%CE%AD%CF%82-%CE%B1%CE%B3%CE%BF%CF%81%CE%AD%CF%82-%CF%84%CE%BF%CF%85-%CE%B4%CE%AE%CE%BC%CE%BF%CF%85-%CE%BB%CE%B5%CF%85%CE%BA%CF%89%CF%83%CE%AF%CE%B1%CF%8;&nbsp;http://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/%CE%BC%CE%BF%CF%85%CF%83%CE%B5%CE%AF%CE%B1-%CF%83%CF%84%CE%B7%CE%BD-%CE%BA%CF%8D%CF%80%CF%81%CE%BF-%CF%85%CF%80%CF%8C-%CF%84%CE%B7-%CE%B4%CE%B9%CE%BA%CE%B1%CE%B9%CE%BF%CE%B4%CE%BF%CF%83%CE%AF%CE%B1-%CF%84%CE%BF%CF%85-%CF%84%CE%BC%CE%AE%CE%BC%CE%B1%CF%84%CE%BF%CF%82-%CE%B1%CF%81%CF%87%CE%B1%CE%B9%CE%BF%CF%84%CE%AE%CF%84%CF%89%CE%BD;http://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/%CE%B5%CF%80%CE%B9%CF%83%CE%BA%CE%AD%CF%88%CE%B9%CE%BC%CE%BF%CE%B9-%CE%B1%CF%81%CF%87%CE%B1%CE%B9%CE%BF%CE%BB%CE%BF%CE%B3%CE%B9%CE%BA%CE%BF%CE%AF-%CF%87%CF%8E%CF%81%CE%BF%CE%B9-%CF%83%CF%84%CE%B7%CE%BD-%CE%BA%CF%8D%CF%80%CF%81%CE%BF;&nbsp;http://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/%CE%B5%CF%80%CE%B9%CF%83%CE%BA%CE%AD%CF%88%CE%B9%CE%BC%CE%B1-%CE%B1%CF%81%CF%87%CE%B1%CE%AF%CE%B1-%CE%BC%CE%BD%CE%B7%CE%BC%CE%B5%CE%AF%CE%B1-%CF%84%CE%B7%CF%82-%CE%BA%CF%8D%CF%80%CF%81%CE%BF%CF%85;&nbsp;http://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/%CF%8C%CE%BB%CE%B1-%CF%84%CE%B1-%CF%83%CE%B7%CE%BC%CE%B5%CE%AF%CE%B1-%CE%B5%CE%BD%CE%B4%CE%B9%CE%B1%CF%86%CE%AD%CF%81%CE%BF%CE%BD%CF%84%CE%BF%CF%82-%CE%B4%CE%AE%CE%BC%CE%BF%CF%85-%CE%BB%CE%B5%CF%85%CE%BA%CF%89%CF%83%CE%AF%CE%B1%CF%82;&nbsp;http://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/%CE%B8%CE%AD%CF%83%CE%B5%CE%B9%CF%82-%CE%B4%CE%B7%CE%BC%CE%BF%CF%83%CE%AF%CF%89%CE%BD-%CE%BA%CF%84%CE%B9%CF%81%CE%AF%CF%89%CE%BD-%CE%BA%CE%B1%CE%B9-%CF%85%CF%80%CE%B7%CF%81%CE%B5%CF%83%CE%B9%CF%8E%CE%BD-landmark-areas-inspire-0;&nbsp;http://www.data.gov.cy/dataset/%CE%B5%CF%85%CF%81%CF%89%CF%80%CE%B1%CF%8A%CE%BA%CF%8C-%CE%BC%CE%BF%CE%BD%CE%BF%CF%80%CE%AC%CF%84%CE%B9-%CE%B54-%CF%84%CE%BF%CF%80%CE%BF%CE%B3%CF%81%CE%B1%CF%86%CE%B9%CE%BA%CF%8C%CF%82-%CF%87%CE%AC%CF%81%CF%84%CE%B7%CF%82);&nbsp;

Denmark

Indeholder data, som benyttes i henhold til vilkår for brug af danske offentlige data.
Contains data from the Agency for Data Supply and Efficiency , retrieved by HERE 06/2018.
Contains data from the Agency for Data Supply and Efficiency Address Web Services (AWS).
Contains material adapted from Government of Denmark (http://www.findsmiley.dk/Sider/Forside.aspx) provided under Danish Open Data see at https://digitaliser.dk/resource/2432531
Contains information adapted from Vejdirektoratet (vejdirektoratet.dk)
Indeholder data, som er stillet til rådighed af Odense Kommune.
Indeholder data fra Styrelsen for Dataforsyning og Effektivisering, skærmkortet, WMS-tjeneste.

Estonia

© EuroGeographics
Topographic data, Estonian Land Board 2019 licensed under&nbsp;https://geoportaal.maaamet.ee/index.php?lang_id=1&amp;page_id=607&amp;plugin_act...
Tallinn Basemap: Tallinn Urban Planning Department 2018
Data source: Tallinn Urban Planning Department.
Statistics Estonia
Contains data that is made available by the Republic of Estonia Land Board, licensed by HERE in November 2014.
and data that is made available by the Estonian Environment Agency, licensed by HERE on February 6
th
, 2017.
Contains content licensed underCreative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode) from the following sources: Kultuuriministeerium and Spordikoolituse ja -Teabe SA (“Eesti spordiregister” https://www.spordiregister.ee/opendata).
Maa-amet (https://opendata.riik.ee/et/dataset/posti-sihtnumbrid-postiindeksid)&nbsp;Information about the Estonian Education Information System (https://opendata.riik.ee/et/dataset/eesti-hariduse-infos-steemi-avaandme...) Embassies (https://opendata.riik.ee/et/dataset/saatkonnad)

Finland

Contains content licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0) from the following sources: Digiroad, Finnish Transport Agency.
Espoon rajapintapalveluiden (https://kartat.espoo.fi/avoindata/#INFO).
Lahden Seudun Liikenne (http://www.lsl.fi/lisatietoa/avoin-data, downloaded by Licensee on 21st February 2017).
National Land Survey of Finland Topographic Database 02/2017 (http://www.maanmittauslaitos.fi/en/professionals/digital-products/datase...).
Oulun Kaupunki (https://avoindata.ouka.fi/3d/).
Southwest Finland Services - Provincial shop data (http://www.lounaistieto.fi/blog/2015/11/10/varsinais-suomen-palvelut-maa...).
Terveyden ja hyvinvoinnin laitos (https://www.thl.fi/fi/tilastot/tiedonkeruut/hoitoilmoitusjarjestelma-hil...).
TMC location data adapted from Finnish Transport Agency (http://www.liikennevirasto.fi/web/en/open-data/materials/tmc-location-da...).
Turun kaupunki (http://www.lounaistieto.fi/blog/2015/08/18/turun-kaupungin-liikennetietoja/, downloaded by Licensee in December 2017).
Turun yliopisto (http://www.lounaistieto.fi/blog/2015/09/30/3235/, downloaded by Licensee in December 2017).
Väestörekisterikeskus (https://www.avoindata.fi/data/fi/dataset/rakennusten-osoitetiedot-koko-s...);&nbsp;Helsingin kaupunki, kiinteistöviraston kaupunkimittausosasto (http://ptp.hel.fi/avoindata/aineistot/Helsinki_liikennevaylat_avoin_data...);
Contains data that is made available by: Posti (in accordance with the terms available at: http://posti.fi/liitteet-yrityksille/ehdot/postinumeropalvelut-palveluku...) .
The Population Information System, The Population Register Centre, PO Box 123, FL-00531 Helsinki, Finland.
Retrieved by HERE 12/2016
Includes the City of Tampere GTFS material "Tampere bus traffic", last updated 24th February, 2017.
Source: Register of public areas in the City of Helsinki, Helsinki metropolitan area Service Map REST-API and Parking facilities near public transportation hubs.
The adminsitrator of this data is Helsingin kaupungin rakennusvirasto.
The data has been downloaded from the Helsinki Region Infoshare service 21.09.2016 using the license Creative Commons Nimeä 4.0 Kansainvälinen (CC BY 4.0).
The following provision applies to the use of Point Addressing for Finland (provided 16/6/2015): Population Information System Population Register Centre P.O.
Box 123 FI-00531 HELSINKI, FINLAND Source: Finnish Transport Agency.
Not for navigational use.
Does not meet the requirements for official nautical charts © Tampereen kaupunki, (Tampereen pyörätiet), [14.5.2013] 
France

source: © IGN France 2009 – BD TOPO ®.
Conseil département du Finistère - 2013.
NASCA Géosystèmes NASCA - 2007
Muséum national d'Histoire naturelle
This product uses the Zipcar API but is not endorsed or certified by Zipcar.
Safety Cameras: This product should not be used without any additional features and displaying speed camera locations to end users is not allowed.
If you want to include warning functionality in a navigation device, a certification by Infocert (http://infocert.org/) is required.
Contains information provided by BISON FUTE.
For more information please go to: www.bison-fute.gouv.fr.
September 2018.
Includes content from the following sources: BORDEAUX PORT ATLANTIQUE (http://www.bordeaux-port.fr).
Calvados (licensed in accordance with the license terms http://www.calvados.fr/cms/accueil-calvados/actions-departement/se-depla...).
Centre Régional Auvergnat de l’Information Géographique (Conseil général du Puy de Dôme – 2012, Département de Haute-Loire – 2014, downloaded in February 2016).
Communauté d'Aggglomération Limoges Métropole (February 2018).
Data Publica (www.data-publica.com) licensed in accordance with the license terms (http://www.data-publica.com/search?q=transports&amp;filters=license_code%3A13).
Département de la Mayenne (Source: Service gestion, exploitation routes et Riviére, donné es 05/04/2016).
FINESS (http://finess.sante.gouv.fr, licensed in accordance with the license terms http://finess.sante.gouv.fr/jsp/recherche.jsp?mode=simple).
Gouvernement de la Nouvelle-Calédonie (http://www.geoportal.gouv.nc/geoportal/catalog/main/home.page).
Mobilosoft.com.
Quimper Communauté (May 2017).
Muséum national d'Histoire naturelle (https://inpn.mnhn.fr/accueil/index, licensed in accordance with the license terms http://inpn.mnhn.fr/accueil/mentions-legales).
SDIS 29 (Service Départemental d’Incendie et de Secours du Finistère, May 2017).
Versailles (http://siteopendataversailles.cloudapp.net, licensed in accordance with the license terms http://siteopendataversailles.cloudapp.net/License).
Ville de Shawinigan (licensed in accordance with its open data license available at http://jmap.shawinigan.ca/doc/photos/Donn%C3%A9es%20ouvertes.conditions....).&nbsp;Ministry of Ecological and Solidarity Transition (http://www.cetu.developpement-durable.gouv.fr/tunnels-de-de-300-m-regime...)
Includes content licensed under ETALAB License Ouverte version 1.0 (http://www.etalab.gouv.fr/licence-ouverte-open-licence) from the following sources: AFGNV (https://opendata.reseaux-energies.fr/explore/dataset/stations-gnv/inform...).
AURM (https://data.mulhouse-alsace.fr/explore/dataset/arrets-du-reseau-solea-2..., https://data.mulhouse-alsace.fr/explore/dataset/m2a_base-adresse/).
BPCE - Développement Banque Populaire (https://bpce.opendatasoft.com/explore/dataset/agences-banque-populaire/).
Boulogne-Billancourt (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/organizations/ville-de-boulogne-billancourt).
Bretagne (http://www.data-tourisme-bretagne.com/web/guest).
Bretagne (Coproduction multi partenariale d'acteurs économiques locaux bretons.
geobretagne.fr.
June 2017 ).
Chaville (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/organizations/commune-de-chaville).
Collectivité Territoriale de Corse (http://data.corse.fr/explore/dataset/points-dinteret-poi-en-corse/inform...).
Colmar agglomération (http://www.agglo-colmar.fr/geo).
Comité Régional de Développement touristique d’Auvergne (http://opendata.auvergnerhonealpes.eu/data/hotellerie-du-cantal/7-hotell...
http://opendata.auvergnerhonealpes.eu/data/hotellerie-de-plein-air-du-ca...
http://opendata.auvergnerhonealpes.eu/data/restaurants-du-cantal/7-resta...
http://opendata.auvergnerhonealpes.eu/data/etablissements-thermaux-et-de...).
Community of Agglomeration of Grand Cahors (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/589c7669c751df4842ae0a65/).
Conseil Départemental de l'Ariège (http://www.mipygeo.fr/PRRA/panierDownloadFrontal_parametrage.php?LAYERID...).
Côtes d'Armor (http://datarmor.cotesdarmor.fr/web/guest/liens-utiles).
Département du Loiret (2017.
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/referentiel-routier-du-reseau-depar...
http://open.isogeo.com/s/ca2540cb8c4d4d388b8f23dfc48997d4/Epi6CumtYwKhUi...
http://open.isogeo.com/s/ca2540cb8c4d4d388b8f23dfc48997d4/Epi6CumtYwKhUi...
.
http://open.isogeo.com/s/ca2540cb8c4d4d388b8f23dfc48997d4/Epi6CumtYwKhUi...
.
http://open.isogeo.com/s/ca2540cb8c4d4d388b8f23dfc48997d4/Epi6CumtYwKhUi...).
Direction Départementale des Territoires de l'Aube (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/ensemble-des-troncons-issus-de-la-b...).
Direction Départementale des Territoires de la Corrèze (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/restriction-de-circulation-sur-la-v...);&nbsp.
Direction Départementale des Territoires de Seine-et-Marne (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/reseau-des-routes-a-grande-circulat...).
Etalab (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/cadastre/.
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/fichier-consolide-des-bornes-de-rec...
https://www.data.gouv.fr/en/datasets/bornes-de-recharge-sde03).
Eure County (http://www.opendata-27-76.fr).
European Metropolis of Lille (https://opendata.lillemetropole.fr/explore/dataset/seuils_adresses_mel/e...
https://opendata.lillemetropole.fr/explore/dataset/metropole-cyclable-20...).
General Department of digital resources of Nantes Métropole (http://data.nantes.fr/donnees/detail/info-route-departementale/.
http://data.nantes.fr/donnees/detail/horaires-et-points-darrets-du-resea...
http://data.nantes.fr/donnees/detail/temps-de-parcours-et-sens-de-circul...
http://data.nantes.fr/donnees/detail/points-de-repere-du-reseau-routier-...
http://data.nantes.fr/donnees/detail/routes-departementales-de-loire-atl...).
Grand Paris Seine Ouest (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/stationnement-pmr-personne-a-mobili...
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/zones-de-stationnement/.
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/amenagements-cyclables-1/.
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/point-adresse-2/.
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/arrets-de-bus-2/.
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/zones-apaisees/).
Grand Poitiers (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/referentiel-geographique-adresses-g...
https://data.grandpoitiers.fr/explore/dataset/referentiel-geographique-f...
https://data.grandpoitiers.fr/explore/dataset/mobilite-horodateurs-grand...
https://data.grandpoitiers.fr/explore/dataset/espace-public-places-handi...
https://data.grandpoitiers.fr/explore/dataset/mobilite-parkings-grand-po...
https://data.grandpoitiers.fr/explore/dataset/mobilite-parcs-relais-gran...
https://data.grandpoitiers.fr/explore/dataset/mobilite-zones-tarifaires-...
https://data.grandpoitiers.fr/explore/dataset/mobilite-amenagements-cycl...
https://data.grandpoitiers.fr/explore/dataset/mobilite-stationnement-vel...
https://data.grandpoitiers.fr/explore/dataset/mobilite-zones-20-et-zones...
https://data.grandpoitiers.fr/explore/dataset/mobilite-bornes-escamotabl...).
Hauts de Seine County (http://opendata.hauts-de-seine.fr).
Ile de France (http://data.iledefrance.fr/explore).
Institut National de l'Information Géographique et Forestière (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/route-500/.
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/bd-topo-r-hydrographie/).
JC Decaux (https://data.mulhouse-alsace.fr/explore/dataset/68224_stationsvelocite_j...).
La Manche (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/reseau-des-routes-departementales-d...
https://www.opendata-manche.fr/web/guest/donnees).
La Métropole de Lyon (https://data.grandlyon.com/cgu/, https://data.grandlyon.com/localisation/amfnagements-cyclables--de-la-mf...).
Lannion Trégor Communauté (http://datarmor.cotesdarmor.fr/web/guest/donnees).
La Rochelle (http://www.opendata.larochelle.fr/Les-donnees).
Le ministère de l’Économie, de l'Industrie et du Numérique (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/marque-detat-tourisme-handicap/).
Le ministère de l’Economie et des Finances (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/fichier-fantoir-des-voies-et-lieux-...
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/pci-vecteur-plan-cadastral-informat...).
Le SDE 18 (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/bornes-de-recharge-e-car18, last updated on 7th September, 2016).
Le SyDEV (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/stations-de-recharge-pour-vehicules..., last updated on 26th August, 2016).
Le Syndicat Mixte des Transports des Bouches-du-Rhône (http://www.lepilote.com/fr/open-data/83).
Loir-et-Cher (http://www.pilote41.fr/lopendata-du-loir-et-cher).
Longjumeau (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/organizations/longjumeau).
Maine-et-Loire (http://www.opendata49.fr).
Mairie Marnes-la-Coquette (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/users/mairie-marnes-la-coquette/datasets).
Montpellier (http://opendata.montpelliernumerique.fr).
Nice Côte d'Azur (http://opendata.nicecotedazur.org).
Mistral Network (https://www.reseaumistral.com/fr/open-data/80).
Oise County (http://opendata.oise.fr).
ONEMA (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/bd-carthage-metropole-entites-hydro...).
PIGMA (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/equipements-publics-sur-le-territoi...
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/arrets-physiques-du-reseau-de-trans...
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/toponymie-des-voies-sur-le-territoi...
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/numeros-de-voirie-sur-le-territoire...
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/troncons-du-filaire-des-voies-sur-l...).
Région Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur (http://opendata.regionpaca.fr/copyright.html).
Republique Francaise (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr.
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/reseau-de-borne-de-charge-pour-vehi...).
Saemes (https://opendata.saemes.fr/explore/?sort=modified).
Saint-Quentin (http://www.saint-quentin.fr/1245-open-data.htm).
Saône-et-Loire (http://www.opendata71.fr/toutes-les-thematiques).
Seine Maritime County (http://www.opendata-27-76.fr).
Seine-Saint-Denis (http://data.seine-saint-denis.fr/Licence.html).
SGA mobility (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/reseau-de-bornes-de-recharge-pour-v...
updated on 15th September, 2016).
Sitra County (http://base.sitra-tourisme.com/consulter/recherche-intuitive/?0).
Sodetrel (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/bornes-de-recharge-du-reseau-belib/).
Strasbourg (http://www.strasbourg.eu/fr/ma-situation/professionnel/open-data/donnees.
https://www.strasbourg.eu/localisation-occupation-stations-velos-libre-s...).
SYDEGO (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/sydego/).
Syndicat Départemental d’Energie et d’Equipement du Finistére (https://www.data.gouv.fr/en/datasets/bornes-de-recharge-pour-vehicules-e..., last updated on 27th September, 2016).
Vanves (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/organizations/ville-de-vanves).
Ville d'Avray (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/organizations/mairie-de-ville-davray).
Ville de Bayonne (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/adresses-bayonne/).
Ville de Bordeaux (http://opendata.bordeaux.fr/content/adresses-gravees, http://opendata.bordeaux.fr/bornes-recharge-electrique-vehicules).
Ville de Mulhouse (http://www.mulhouse.fr/fr/Perimetre-et-caracteristiques-des-stationnemen...
https://data.mulhouse-alsace.fr/explore/dataset/68224_zones30_mulhouse/i...).
Ville de Saint-Mallo (https://data.stmalo-agglomeration.fr/explore/dataset/index-des-rues/info...).
Ville de Sèvres (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/5718935a88ee380d05a19f12).
Ville d'Issy-Les-Moulineaux (https://data.issy.com/explore/dataset/touslescommercesdissy-les-moulinea...
https://data.issy.com/explore/dataset/liste-des-restaurants-a-issy-les-m...
https://data.opendatasoft.com/explore/?q=stationnement&amp;sort=modified&amp;refine.keyword=stationnement&amp;refine.source_domain_title=Issy-les-moulineaux);&nbsp;Bordeaux Métropole (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/carrefours-damenagement-cyclable-su...
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/localisation-des-carrefours-a-feux-...
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/parcs-relais-du-reseau-de-transport...
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/arrets-physiques-du-reseau-de-trans...
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/reseau-des-amenagements-cyclables-s...
https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/reseau-des-amenagements-cyclables-s...);
Includes content licensed under ETALAB Licence Ouverte version 2.0 (https://www.etalab.gouv.fr/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/ETALAB-Licence-Ouv...) from the following sources: Angers Loire Métropole (https://data.angers.fr/explore/dataset/troncons-de-voies-angers-loire-me...
https://data.angers.fr/explore/dataset/points-adresse-angers/).
Avignon - Pedestrian areas (https://trouver.datasud.fr/dataset/avignon-zones-pietonnes),&nbsp;Cycling facilities (https://trouver.datasud.fr/dataset/avignon-amenagements-cyclables).
Géoportail du Sicoval (https://data.sicoval.fr/explore/dataset/travauxincidents/information/, updated in January, 2018).
Horaires Theoriques(https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/horaires-theoriques-du-reseau-de-tr..., https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/horaires-en-temps-reel-du-reseau-de..., https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/horaires-theoriques-du-reseau-de-tr..., https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/horaires-theoriques-du-reseau-de-tr...).
Mulhouse Alsace Agglomération (https://data.mulhouse-alsace.fr/explore/dataset/m2a_grands_itineraires-c...
https://data.mulhouse-alsace.fr/explore/dataset/m2a_amenagements_cyclabl..., https://data.mulhouse-alsace.fr/pages/accueil/, https://data.mulhouse-alsace.fr/explore/dataset/68224_limitation-de-tonn..., https://data.mulhouse-alsace.fr/explore/dataset/68224_aires-pietonnes_mu...).
Oise Mobilite (https://www.oise-mobilite.fr/fr/part6/a-propos-de-nous/154,https://www.o...).
Road network of the City of Nanterre (https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/5ad75fa4c751df46764c9a84/#_, https://www.data.gouv.fr/fr/datasets/5ad75e1dc751df42a0357f8c/#%1F_)Service Pilotage de la Performance (https://data.mulhouse-alsace.fr/explore/dataset/m2a_parkings-de-covoitur...).
Soléa (https://data.mulhouse-alsace.fr/explore/dataset/offre-de-transport-solea...);&nbsp.
Ville de Mulhouse (https://data.mulhouse-alsace.fr/explore/dataset/68224_aires-pietonnes_mu...
https://data.mulhouse-alsace.fr/explore/dataset/68224_parkings-en-ouvrag...).
Metropole Grand Nancy (http://opendata.grandnancy.eu/jeux-de-donnees/detail-dune-fiche-de-donne..., http://opendata.grandnancy.eu/jeux-de-donnees/detail-dune-fiche-de-donne..., http://opendata.grandnancy.eu/jeux-de-donnees/detail-dune-fiche-de-donne..., http://opendata.grandnancy.eu/jeux-de-donnees/detail-dune-fiche-de-donne..., http://opendata.grandnancy.eu/jeux-de-donnees/detail-dune-fiche-de-donne..., http://opendata.grandnancy.eu/jeux-de-donnees/detail-dune-fiche-de-donne...);&nbsp;Orléans Métropole (https://data.orleans-metropole.fr/explore/dataset/referentielbdauao_dep_...
https://data.orleans-metropole.fr/explore/dataset/referentielbdauao_dep_...
https://data.orleans-metropole.fr/explore/dataset/referentielbdauao_dep_...
https://data.orleans-metropole.fr/explore/dataset/mobilite-places-dispon...
https://data.orleans-metropole.fr/explore/dataset/mobilite-arrets-de-bus...
https://data.orleans-metropole.fr/explore/dataset/mobilitetram_lignes/ta...
https://data.orleans-metropole.fr/explore/dataset/mobilite-lignes/table/);
&nbsp;

Germany

Die Grundlagendaten wurden mit Genehmigung der zuständigen Behörden entnommen.
Contains content licensed in accordance with http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode from the following sources: Bayrische Vermessungsverwaltung (www.geodaten.bayern.de).
LGL (www.lgl-bw.de)
Contains content licensed in accordance with http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/de/legalcode from the following sources: Freie Hansestadt Bremen (Die Senatorin für Soziales, Jugend, Frauen, Integration und Sport: https://www.transparenz.bremen.de/de/datensatz/bremen69.c.49831.de.
Die Senatorin für Wissenschaft, Gesundheit und Verbraucherschutz: https://www.transparenz.bremen.de/sixcms/detail.php?gsid=bremen236.c.442...).
Koordinierungsstelle GDI-FHB (http://metaver.de/trefferanzeige?cmd=doShowDocument&amp;docuuid=83FBD9A4-032...
data source: Freie Hansestadt Bremen, Amt für Straßen und Verkehr, 2016).
Landesdenkmalamt, Stadt Berlin (https://daten.berlin.de/datensaetze/denkmalliste-des-landes-berlin).
Datenquelle: Stadt Köln (http://offenedaten-koeln.de - Gebäudemodell Stadt Köln).
Contains content licensed in accordance with Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Public License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0) from the following sources: © 2015 Deutsche Bahn AG, Parkplätze API dataset and Mobility Logistics Network (rail data, http://data.deutschebahn.com/datasets/), Geo-Bahnübergang (http://data.deutschebahn.com/dataset/geo-bahnuebergang).
Datenquelle: Bayerische Straßenbauverwaltung - BAYSIS (www.baysis.bayern.de.
https://www.baysis.bayern.de/web/content/geodaten/wms.aspx, downloaded by licensee on 22 April 2015).
Regionalverband Ruhr.
Landeshauptstadt Hannover (https://www.hannover.de/Leben-in-der-Region-Hannover/Verwaltungen-Kommun...
https://www.hannover.de/Leben-in-der-Region-Hannover/Verwaltungen-Kommun...);Stadt Wuppertal (https://www.offenedaten-wuppertal.de/dataset/einbahnstra%C3%9Fen-wuppertal, https://www.offenedaten-wuppertal.de/dataset/tempo-30-zonen-wuppertal-fl...).
VVS Open Data Portal (https://www.openvvs.de/dataset/gtfs-daten);&nbsp;Stadt Wuppertal (https://www.offenedaten-wuppertal.de/dataset/parkscheinautomaten-wuppertal, https://www.offenedaten-wuppertal.de/dataset/ladestationen-e-autos-wuppe..., https://www.offenedaten-wuppertal.de/dataset/ladestationen-e-fahrr%C3%A4...);&nbsp;Stadt Köln: 3D Stadtmodell Koeln&nbsp;https://www.govdata.de/web/guest/daten/-/details/3d-stadtmodell-koeln-0-k;
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons CCZero [version number] License/Waiver &nbsp;Hanse- und Universitätsstadt Rostock&nbsp;https://www.govdata.de/web/guest/daten/-/details/paketautomaten;&nbsp;Hanse- und Universitätsstadt Rostock https://www.govdata.de/web/guest/daten/-/details/parkmoglichkeiten
Contains content licensed in accordance with "Datenlizenz Deutschland – Namensnennung – Version 2.0" referring to the license text available at www.govdata.de/dl-de/by-2-0, from the following sources: Bürgeramt, Statistik und Wahlen, 2013, data changed (http://www.offenedaten.frankfurt.de/dataset/frankfurter-stadtteilgrenzen...).
Die Landesregierung Nordrhein-Westfalen, 2017, data changed (https://open.nrw/de/dataset/a34677dd-d717-498e-9ae6-c187d0c3efcbbkg).
Freie und Hansestadt Hamburg, Behörde für Wirtschaft, Verkehr und Innovation, 2014, data changed (http://suche.transparenz.hamburg.de/dataset/radwegegis-hamburg), 2018, data changed (http://suche.transparenz.hamburg.de/dataset/bike-ride-anlagen-hamburg10?...
http://suche.transparenz.hamburg.de/dataset/park-ride-anlagen-hamburg11?...).
Freie und Hansestadt Hamburg, Landesbetrieb Geoinformation und Vermessung, 2016, data changed (http://suche.transparenz.hamburg.de/dataset/strassen-hh-sib).
Freie und Hansestadt Hamburg, Landesbetrieb Geoinformation und Vermessung, 2017, data changed (http://suche.transparenz.hamburg.de/dataset/3d-stadtmodell-lod2-de-hamburg2);&nbsp.
Freie und Hansestadt Hamburg, Landesbetrieb Geoinformation und Vermessung, 2017, data changed (http://metaver.de/trefferanzeige?docuuid=0C6CD167-F1F3-43E7-B897-9C49D3C...).
Freistaat Sachsen, 2015, data changed (http://www.list.smwa.sachsen.de/inspire/download/DE-SN-SBV_INSPIRE_Downl...).
Hamburger Verkehrsverbund GmbH, 2017, data changed (http://suche.transparenz.hamburg.de/dataset/hvv-fahrplandaten-gtfs-augus...).
Staatsbetrieb Geobasisinformation und Vermessung Sachsen, 2017, data changed (https://geoportal.sachsen.de/cps/metadaten_seite.html?id=d3a177ab-a4b2-4...) .
©GeoBasis-DE / LVermGeoRP, 2016, http://www.lvermgeo.rlp.de, data modified.
© Landesbetrieb Straßenwesen Brandenburg, 2015, data changed (http://inspire.brandenburg.de/services/strassennetz_wfs).
Leipziger Verkehrsbetriebe (LVB) GmbH, 2017, data changed (https://opendata.leipzig.de/de/dataset/lvb-fahrplandaten).
TLVermGeo, 2017, data changed (http://www.geoportal-th.de/de-de/downloadbereiche/downloadoffenegeodaten...), 2018, data changed (http://www.geoportal-th.de/de-de/Downloadbereiche/Download-Offene-Geodat...).Behörde für Wirtschaft, Verkehr und Innovation, Amt für Verkehr und Straßenwesen 2018, http://suche.transparenz.hamburg.de/dataset/tempo-30-nachts-hamburg2?forceWeb=true,&nbsp;Freie und Hansestadt Hamburg, Landesbetrieb Straßen, Brücken und Gewässer 2018, http://suche.transparenz.hamburg.de/dataset/brucken-und-sonstige-ingenieurbauwerke?forceWeb=true,&nbsp;Freie und Hansestadt Hamburg, Behörde für Wirtschaft, Verkehr und Innovation, Amt für Verkehr und Straßenwesen 2016, http://suche.transparenz.hamburg.de/dataset/elektro-ladestandorte-hamburg1,&nbsp;Mobilitäts Daten Marktplatz&nbsp;https://service.mdm-portal.de/mdm-portal-application/publDetail.do?publi...
Düsseldorf&nbsp.
(https://opendata.duesseldorf.de/dataset/anzahl-der-allgemeinen-und-perso...);&nbsp;Freie und Hansestadt Hamburg, Behörde für Wirtschaft, Verkehr und Innovation, 2018, http://suche.transparenz.hamburg.de/dataset/strassen-und-wegenetz-hambur...
Includes content of “Geoportal Berlin / ATKIS® Basis-DLM.
Detailnetz Berlin.
Detailnetz Straßenabschnitte.
Fahrradwege.
Fußgängerüberwege.
Hauskoordinaten Berlin.
Karte von Berlin 1:5000 (K5-Farbausgabe).
Lichtsignalanlagen;&nbsp.
Parkraumberwirtschaftung;&nbsp;Radverkehrsanlagen.
Tempolimits”, licensed in accordance with http://www.stadtentwicklung.berlin.de/geoinformation/download/nutzIII.pd...
https://www.stadtentwicklung.berlin.de/geoinformation/sapos/de/sapos-rin...
Journey planner (bus, ferry, traim and train) information is provided by the following sources: bahn.de, Verkehrsverbund Oberelbe GmbH and Verkehrsverbund Berlin-Brandenburg GmbH.
All information supplied without guarantee.
copyright © GeoBasis-DE / Geobasis NRW 2015 / BKG 2015
Geodata of the municipalities and the State of North Rhine-Westphalia NRW @ Geobasis NRW 2015, data changed.
Copyright © Zepter und Krone GmbH, http://zkr1.de Berlin 2015
Includes rail content from „Bundesministerium für Verkehr und digitale Infrastruktur“ BMVI / MDM 2015 (Data changed), http://www.mdm-portal.de
Contains information from the following sources: car2go.
Karlsruher Verkehrsverbund ("KVV", but is not an official source of KVV information - www.kvv.de).
This product uses the Zipcar API but is not endorsed or certified by Zipcar.

Greece

Copyright Geomatics Ltd.
Contains content licensed in accordance with http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode from the following sources:&nbsp;Κοινωνία της Πληροφορίας Α.Ε.
(Public Buildings: http://www.geodata.gov.gr/dataset/demosia-kteria).
Ministry of Productive Reconstruction, Environment and Energy, National Forests (http://geodata.gov.gr/en/dataset/ethnikoi-drumoi, http://geodata.gov.gr/en/dataset/ethnika-parka).
Ministry of Environment, Energy and Climate Change (YPEKA)- Special Secretariat for Water, Quality of coastal bathing water (http://geodata.gov.gr/en/dataset/poioteta-udaton-akton-kolumbeses-2013).
Contains content licensed in accordance with&nbsp;https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ from the following sources: Municipality of Athens (http://www.data.gov.gr/dataset/da-onomasia-odon, http://www.data.gov.gr/dataset/da-dimosia-sxoleia, http://www.data.gov.gr/dataset/da-mi-kataskevasmenoi-pezodromoi, http://www.data.gov.gr/dataset/da-thesmothetimenoi-pezodromoi, http://www.data.gov.gr/dataset/da-politistika-kentra, http://www.data.gov.gr/dataset/da-mouseia, http://www.data.gov.gr/dataset/arxeio-gewgrafikhs-apeikonishs-8esewn-kth...).
Decentralized Administration of Crete http://data.gov.gr/dataset/dasikos-xarths-pro-xaniwn-kai-gaydoy-ths-p-e-...
of Athens http://data.gov.gr/dataset/da-sidirodromiko-diktyo;&nbsp;Decentralized Administration of Crete https://www.apdkritis.gov.gr/el/dataset/%CE%B9%CF%83%CE%BF%CF%85%CF%88%C...
Hellenic Institute of Transport, Motorist Service Stations across the Greek Motorways, 2018 (http://data.nap.imet.gr/dataset/mss-sea-Greece);&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Opendata - Στοιχεία Μητρώου Τουριστικών επιχειρήσεων (Τελευταία ενημέρωση 4 Οκτωβρίου 2017)
http://www.data.gov.gr/dataset/arxeio-gewgrafikhs-apeikonishs-oriwn-dakt..., http://www.data.gov.gr/dataset/da-oria-at,&nbsp;http://www.data.gov.gr/datas...
&nbsp;

Hungary

Copyright © 2003.
Top-Map Ltd.

Iceland

Access addresses: Registers Iceland, January.26.2015
Geometry: Based on data from National Land Survey of Iceland, http://www.lmi.is/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/licenceNLSI.pdf
Contains content licensed in accordance with Open Government License for public sector information (http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3/) from the following sources:&nbsp.
Þjóðskrá Íslands (https://www.skra.is/english/individuals/data/download/).

Ireland

Eircodes are provided in accordance with www.eircode.ie/legal and the Code of Practice at www.eircode.ie/code-of-practice
Contains data made available by the Dublin City Council Multi Story Car Parking Space Availability as of 2013-11-02, licensed in accordance with http://psi.gov.ie/wp-content/upload/2010/03/PSI-Licence.pdf.
Data used in this product or service includes all public transport data for the Republic of Ireland drawn from the National Transport Authority of Ireland (NTA) on an ongoing basis and licensed in accordance with https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ .
The National Transport Authority assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the data used in this product or service.
Contains public sector data made available via the Stride Project (stride-project.com)
Contains content licensed in accordance with&nbsp;https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ from the following sources: Dublin City Council (https://data.gov.ie/dataset/dublin-city-strategic-cycle-network.
https://data.gov.ie/dataset/dcc_public_cycle_parking_stands)

Italy

La Banca Dati Italiana è stata prodotta usando quale riferimento anche cartografia numerica ed al tratto prodotta e fornita dalla Regione Toscana.
Contains data from Trasporto Passeggeri Emilia-Romagna- S.p.A.
Includes content licensed under http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/legalcode from the following sources: CISIS.
Agenzia Mobilità Ambiente e Territorio s.r.l.
Milano.
Comune di Milano&nbsp;(https://geoportale.comune.milano.it/ATOM/SIT/Toponomastica/NumeriCivici_...)
Includes content licensed under http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/it/legalcode from the following sources: Comune di Milano (updated by licensee September 1, 2013.
Elezioni: consultazione interattiva dei risultati elettorali&nbsp;http://dati.comune.milano.it/dato/item/23-23-banca-dati-elettorale-dal-1...
bike sharing http://dati.comune.milano.it/dato/item/65-65-Mobilit%C3%A0:%20bike%20sha...
piste ciclabili http://dati.comune.milano.it/dato/item/60-60-piste-ciclabili.html).
Regione Piemonte&nbsp;(Elaborazione dati realizzata da HERE, basata su “Servizio programmato del Trasporto Pubblico Regione Piemonte – Autobus” della Regione Piemonte.
Documento realizzato da HERE, basato su Ppr-Edificato residenziale e produttivo-commerciale (tav.
P4), Ppr - Autostrade e strade statali, regionali e provinciali (tav.
P4)).
Arpa Piedmont (http://www.arpa.piemonte.it).
Comune di Torino (Base cartografica realizzata da HERE, integrata con [Livelli informativi o Servizi] 25 agosto 2016 della Cittá di Torino reperti sul Geoportale del Comune di Torino http://www.comune.torino.it/geoportale/ser_professionali_2.htm).
Regione Emilia-Romagna (Edifici http://dati.emilia-romagna.it/dataset/edifici--c15dbbf3);&nbsp;Regione Emilia Romagna &nbsp;http://geoportale.regione.emilia-romagna.it/it/download/dati-e-prodotti-...
Includes content licensed under http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode from the following sources: Comune di Bologna (updated by licensee July 1, 2013, http://dati.comune.bologna.it/node/171, http://dati.comune.bologna.it/node/2905, http://dati.comune.bologna.it/node/249, http://dati.comune.bologna.it/node/202, http://dati.comune.bologna.it/node/1419.
http://dati.comune.bologna.it/node/1920).
Comune di Cesena (updated by licensee July 1, 2013).
GeoforUs.
Agenzia per la mobilità (bus and subway transit content, updated by licensee January 1, 2014).
Comune di Matera (updated by licensee January 1, 2014).
Comune di Venezia (http://www.comune.venezia.it/content/geoportale, updated by licensee January 1, 2014.
also contains modified content titled "Edifici" https://portale.comune.venezia.it/node/96/5669154).
ISTAT (http://www.istat.it/it/archivio/104317#accordions).
Regione Lazio (Carta Tecnica Regionale Numerica scala 1:5.000 http://dati.lazio.it/catalog/it/dataset?q=cartografia&amp;_license_id_limit=0.
http://dati.lazio.it/catalog/it/dataset/carta-tecnica-regionale-2009-5k-...
http://dati.lazio.it/catalog/it/dataset/carta-tecnica-regionale-2002-200...
http://dati.lazio.it/catalog/it/dataset/carta-tecnica-regionale-2002-200...
http://dati.lazio.it/catalog/it/dataset/carta-tecnica-regionale-2002-200...
http://dati.lazio.it/catalog/it/dataset/carta-tecnica-regionale-2002-200...).
Regione Liguria Buildings and Construction- Level of CTR SC.
1:5000-1990/2006 (http://www.regione.liguria.it/opendata/dati-cartografici/item/35693-edif...).
Regione Liguria, Structture ricettive alberghiere (http://www.regione.liguria.it/opendata/documenti/item/44731-strutture-ri..., http://srvcarto.regione.liguria.it/geoviewer2/pages/apps/download/index....).
Regione Veneto (Dove alloggiare nel Veneto - http://dati.veneto.it/dataset/elenco-strutture-ricettive-del-veneto/reso...).
Servizio SIT-Statistica - Unione Valle del Savio (http://dati.unionevallesavio.it/catalog/civici).
Includes content licensed under http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/it/legalcode from the following sources: Agenzia Del Demanio (http://dati.agenziademanio.it, updated by licensee in May 2017).
Comune di Bologna (http://dati.comune.bologna.it/node/169, updated by licensee in June 2017).
Comune di Pavia (http://dati.comune.pv.it/site/it/home/scheda348.html).
Comune di Ravenna (http://opendata.comune.ravenna.it/dataset/pi/resource/5ce3ff1f-d915-425d..., updated by licensee in September 2017.
http://opendata.comune.ravenna.it/dataset/bici-noleggio-2014-07-01).
Comune di Rimini (http://dati.comune.rimini.it/dataset/piste-ciclabili/resource/e6414177-a..., updated by licensee in September 2017).
Regione Umbria (http://dati.umbria.it/dataset/strutture-ricettive/resource/062d7bd6-f9c6..., updated by licensee in August 2017).
SIAT - Sistema Informativo regionale ambientale e territoriale (http://www.umbriageo.regione.umbria.it/pagina/fabbricati-sistema-ecograf...).
Start Romagna, GFTS datasets- Public Transportations Content for Rimini, Cesena-Forlì, Ravenna cities http://servizi.startromagna.it/opendata/od/Home;&nbsp;
Includes content licensed under https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode from the following sources: Comune di Bari (http://opendata.comune.bari.it/dataset/sistema-informativo-territoriale-...).
Comune di Firenze (Stalli di sosta opendata.comune.fi.it/mobilita_sicurezza/dataset_0142.html, Luoghi di Culto - Chiesa Cattolica http://opendata.commune.fi.it/cultura_turismo/dataset_0365.html, Percorsi piste ciclabili http://opendata.comune.fi.it/mobilita_sicurezza/dataset_0032.html, Punti Noleggio bici http://opendata.comune.firenze.it/ciclabilita/dataset_0265.html,http://w...).
Comune di Gioia del Colle (OpenBUS https://old.datahub.io/dataset/openbus-gioia).
Comune di Jesolo (Attività ricettive - http://www.comune.jesolo.ve.it/flex/cm/pages/ServeBLOB.php/L/IT/IDPagina...
Civici - numerazione - http://www.comune.jesolo.ve.it/flex/cm/pages/ServeBLOB.php/L/IT/IDPagina...
Stradario - vie - http://www.comune.jesolo.ve.it/flex/cm/pages/ServeBLOB.php/L/IT/IDPagina...).
Comune di Lecce (Postazioni georiferite http://dati.comune.lecce.it/sl/dataset/postazioni-bike-sharing/resource/...
Piste ciclabili del Comune di Lecce http://dati.comune.lecce.it/dataset/piste-ciclabili-del-comune-di-lecce).
Comune di Matera (http://dati.comune.matera.it/dataset/trasporti-pubblici-locali-comune-di..., http://dati.comune.matera.it/dataset/elenco-georiferito-dei-numeri-civic..., http://dati.comune.matera.it/dataset/nuovo-stradario-della-citta-di-matera, http://dati.comune.matera.it/dataset/webgis-comune-di-matera, http://dati.comune.matera.it/dataset/chiese-del-territorio-comunale-di-m..., http://dati.comune.matera.it/dataset/cantine-del-territorio-del-comune-d..., http://dati.comune.matera.it/dataset/edicole-votive-di-matera, http://dati.comune.matera.it/dataset/masserie-del-territorio-di-matera).
Comune di Palermo (AMAT Palermo Spa - Dati del trasporto pubblico locale su gomma https://www.comune.palermo.it/opendata_dld.php?id=337, original author AMAT Palermo SpA.
Carta tecnica comunale - unita volumetriche https://www.comune.palermo.it/opendata_dld.php?id=269, original author Comune di Palermo.
Turismo - cosa fare https://www.comune.palermo.it/opendata_dld.php?id=307, original author Comune di Palermo).
Comune di Roma (Elenco delle strutture ricettive del Comune di Roma del 01 Dicembre 2016 http://dati.comune.roma.it/cms/it/dettaglio_turismo_e_mob.page;jsessioni...).
Regione Autonoma della Sardegna (http://www.sardegnageoportale.it/index.php?xsl=2425&amp;s=327212&amp;v=2&amp;c=14415&amp;t=1&amp;tb=14401,&nbsp;http://www.sardegnageoportale.it/index.php?xsl=2425&amp;s=330839&amp;v=2&amp;c=14414...).
Regione Siciliana (Numeri Civici - Formato GeoJSON https://dati.regione.sicilia.it/dataset/carta-tecnica-numerica-scala-1-2...).
Regione Toscana - Area di coordinamento mobilita' e infrastrutture (http://dati.toscana.it/dataset/rt-oraritb, creators ATAF &amp.
Line, Etruria Mobility, TIEMME spa, spa GEST, Trenitalia, CTT NORD, Bus Chianti Valdarno, Bus Mugello, Tiemme spa , Consorzio Pisano Transportation, TFT spa, CAT spa, Siena Mobility, PiùBus, Vaibus, Blubus, CAP Consortium Bus Pratesi, http://dati.toscana.it/dataset/dbt10k-li-pi-pt-po-si/resource/f9f193e9-4..., http://dati.toscana.it/dataset/dbt10k-li-pi-pt-po-si/resource/b7ed99e5-a..., http://dati.toscana.it/dataset/dbt10k-li-pi-pt-po-si/resource/103edba6-5..., http://dati.toscana.it/dataset/dbt10k-li-pi-pt-po-si/resource/02de07e6-9..., http://dati.toscana.it/dataset/dbt10k-li-pi-pt-po-si/resource/603de806-8..., http://dati.toscana.it/dataset/dbt10k-li-pi-pt-po-si).
Roma Servizi per la Mobilità S.r.l.
(https://romamobilita.it, updated by licensee January 1, 2014 and September, 2017).
Sardinia (http://www.sardegnamobilita.it/opengovernment/opendata);&nbsp;Commune Palermo https://www.comune.palermo.it/opendata_dld.php?id=296;&nbsp;Commune Palermo https://www.comune.palermo.it/opendata_dld.php?id=269
Includes content licensed under http://www.formez.it/iodl from the following sources: Ministero della Salute, and Regione Sicilia, updated by licensee September 1, 2013.
Includes content licensed under http://www.dati.gov.it/iodl/2.0 from the following sources:&nbsp;Comune di Arezzo (http://opendata.comune.arezzo.it/?q=metarepo/datasetinfo&amp;id=Edificio_minore, http://opendata.comune.arezzo.it/?q=metarepo/datasetinfo&amp;id=Unita_volume..., http://opendata.comune.arezzo.it/?q=metarepo/datasetinfo&amp;id=Edificio, http://opendata.comune.arezzo.it/?q=metarepo/datasetinfo&amp;id=Edificato, http://opendata.comune.arezzo.it/?q=metarepo/datasetinfo&amp;id=Immobili_ed_...)Comune di Bergamo.
Comune di Monza (https://www.dati.lombardia.it/Territorio/COMUNE-MONZA-Strade/qn7w-q6y2.
https://www.dati.lombardia.it/Territorio/COMUNE-MONZA-Numerazione-Civica...
https://www.dati.lombardia.it/Mobilit-e-trasporti/COMUNE-MONZA-Parcheggi...).
Comune di Pisa.
Comune di Siena (http://opendata.comune.siena.it).
Comune di Torino (http://aperto.comune.torino.it).
Comune di Trapani.
Comune di Treviso (http://dati.veneto.it).
Comune di Vicenza (http://sit.comune.vicenza.it/SitVI/SitVi_conf/download/index.php.
https://www.comune.vicenza.it/servizi/opendata/opendata.php/85829).
Comune di Verona (https://www.comune.verona.it/nqcontent.cfm?a_id=37264).
Comunità Montana della Carnia (updated by licensee December 1, 2013);&nbsp;CLASS: EDIFC - 0201 02 BUILDING - Shp(http://dati.regione.basilicata.it/catalog/dataset/database-topografico-t...).
CLASSE: EDI_MIN - 0201 06 EDIFICIO MINORE - Shp (http://dati.regione.basilicata.it/catalog/dataset/database-topografico-t...).
CLASS: UN_VOL 0201 01 VOLUMETRIC UNIT - Shp (http://dati.regione.basilicata.it/catalog/dataset/database-topografico-t...).
D GCASIS (http://dati.istruzione.it/opendata/opendata/catalogo/elements1/?area=Scuole).
EAV srl (Ente Autonomo Volturno,&nbsp;http://www.eavsrl.it/web/open-data).
Milan Railways.
Ministero della Salute (http://www.dati.salute.gov.it/dati/dettaglioDataset.jsp?menu=dati&amp;idPag=5).
Regione Lombardia (http://www.geoportale.regione.lombardia.it/metadati?p_p_id=PublishedMeta...).
Provincia di Agrigento (http://sit.provincia.agrigento.it/scaricabili/).
Provincia di Enna.
Regione Autonoma Friuli Venezia Giulia (http://irdat.regione.fvg.it/WebGIS).
Regione Basilicata (http://rsdi.regione.basilicata.it/web/guest/carta-tecnica-regionale).
Regione Lombardia (https://www.dati.lombardia.it/Turismo/Strutture-Ricettive-Alberghiere-e-...
https://www.dati.lombardia.it/Territorio/Rete-Ferroviaria-10000-CT10/wkc8-2hf7).
Regione Marche (http://goodpa.regione.marche.it/dataset/anagrafica-strutture-ricettive).
Regione Sardegna (updated by licensee May 1, 2014.
SardegnaGeopartale http://www.sardegnageoportale.it).
Regione Umbria (updated by licensee September 1, 2013).
Contains information from car2go

Latvia

© EuroGeographics
Contains information from opendata.riga.lv which is made available under the ODC Attribution License http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/by/1.0.

Lithuania

© EuroGeographics
Contains information from http://gis-vplanas.opendata.arcgis.com/ obtained in 2017.

Contains data from Spatial data set of (geo) reference base cadastre © The ministry of agriculture of the Republic of Lithuania, March 26th 2019


Moldova

© EuroGeographics

Netherlands

Contains data from Rijksdienst voor het Cultureel Erfgoed, www.openingstijden.nl and information from car2go

Norway

Copyright © 2000.
Norwegian Mapping Authority
Contains data under the Norwegian licence for Open Government data (NLOD), distributed by the Norwegian Public Roads Administration / Statens vegvesen.
Includes content licensed under http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/no from the following sources: © Kartverket (www.kartverket.no).
Includes content licensed under https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode from the following sources: © Kartverket (www.kartverket.no).
Norsk Polarinstitutts (http://geodata.npolar.no).

Poland

© EuroGeographics
Contains material adapted from &nbsp;City of Wroclaw (http://www.wroclaw.pl/open-data/index.php/zbiory-danych/16-zbiory) provided under Open Data
Contains material adapted from the Centrum Systemów Informacyjnych Ochrony Zdrowia (CSIOZ) - https://rpwdl.csioz.gov.pl/.
The materials on https://rpwdl.csioz.gov.pl/ are subject to daily updates.
CSIOZ makes no claims as to the content, accuracy, timeliness, or completeness of any of the data provided at this site.
It is understood that the data provided at this site is being used at one’s own risk.

Portugal

Source: IgeoE – Portugal

Romania

Contains content received by CNC/July 14, 2017.
Contains content received by CNC/September 3, 2018.
&nbsp;

Russia&nbsp;&nbsp.
&nbsp;

© ДАТА+, 2013.
Contains content from http://e-va.pro/
Contains material adapted from http://www.anapa-official.ru
Contains content provided under typical terms and conditions for use of open data of the Russian Federation (http://data.gov.ru/information-usage) from the following sources: Aдминистрация г.Нижнего Новгорода (http://admgor.nnov.ru/opendata/).
Высший исполнительный орган государственной власти города Москвы-Правительство Москвы (http://data.gov.ru/opendata/7719028495-moscoweducationalinstitutions.
http://data.gov.ru/opendata/7710489036-detskiesadyvsostaveshkolobrazovat...
http://data.gov.ru/opendata/7707089084-maternityhomes).
Администрация города Ростова-на-Дону (http://rostov-gorod.ru/opendata/).
Воронежской области (http://opendata.govvrn.ru/wps/portal/odmain/data).
Саратовская область (http://saratov.gov.ru/open_data/).
Город Казани (http://data.kzn.ru/).
Государственный комитет Республики Башкортостан по информатизации и вопросам функционирования системы "Открытая Республика" (Базы отдыха Республики Башкортостан - http://data.gov.ru/opendata/0274172001-base).
Департамент транспорта и развития дорожно-транспортной инфраструктуры города Москвы (http://data.mos.ru).
Комитет по информатизации и связи Санкт-Петербурга (http://data.gov.ru/opendata/7808043833-socialpharmacy.
http://data.gov.ru/opendata/7842489089-sights.
http://data.gov.ru/opendata/7842489089-museums.
http://data.gov.ru/opendata/7842005771-directoryuniversities.
http://data.gov.ru/opendata/7808043833-infohealthservice).
Министерство Внутренних Дел Российской Федерации (https://мвд.рф/opendata/).
Министерство здравоохранения Российской Федерации (https://www.rosminzdrav.ru/opendata).
министерства культуры Российской Федерации (http://opendata.mkrf.ru/opendata).
Министерство образования и науки Российской Федерации (http://opendata.mon.gov.ru/).
Министерство спорта Российской Федерации (Всероссийский реестр объектов спорта - http://data.gov.ru/opendata/7703771271-typesportobjects).
Министерство транспорта Российской Федерации (http://mintrans.ru/opendata/7705851331-reestrautomzd).
Мэрия г.
Новосибирска (http://opendata.novo-sibirsk.ru/default.aspx).
Открытые данные Санкт-Петербурга (Реестр аккредитованных образовательных учреждений - http://data.gov.spb.ru/opendata/7830002053-Register_of_accredited_educat..., and Объекты физической культуры и спорта Санкт-Петербурга - http://data.gov.spb.ru/opendata/7803050795-sport_object).
Правительство Архангельской области (Гостиницы - http://data.gov.ru/opendata/2901116205-hotels).
Правительство Московской области (Специализированные стоянки для размещении задержанных транспортных средств - http://data.gov.ru/opendata/5047042291-specialized-parking.
Остановочные пункты общественного транспорта - http://data.gov.ru/opendata/5047042291-stops-registry).
Правительство Ульяновской области (Информация о гостиницах Ульяновской области - http://data.gov.ru/opendata/7325001144-hostelobl2016).
Правительство Ярославской области (http://data.yarregion.ru/dataset/%D1%82%D1%83%D1%80%D0%B8%D1%81%D1%82%D0...).
Региональная служба по надзору и контролю в сфере образования Ростовской области (http://data.gov.ru/opendata/6164290476-akkredlist).
Управление культуры и архивного дела Орловской области (Средства размещения Орловской области - http://data.gov.ru/opendata/5752056337-hotels.
Туристические агентства Орловской области - http://data.gov.ru/opendata/5752056337-tur-agenstva.
Туроператоры Орловской области - http://data.gov.ru/opendata/5752056337-tur-operators).
Федеральное агентство по туризму (http://opendata.russiatourism.ru/opendata/5).
Федеральная служба государственной регистрации, кадастра и картографии (https://rosreestr.ru/wps/portal/cc_ib_opendata).
Федеральное дорожное агентство - Росавтодор (http://rosavtodor.ru/opendata).
Contains content licensed in accordance with Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/deed.ru) from the following sources: администрация муниципального образования город Краснодар и городской Думы Краснодара (http://opendata.krd.ru/).
Contains content licensed in accordance with Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0) from the following sources: Государственный комитет Псковской области по транспорту (http://transport.pskov.ru).
Министерствo промышленности и торговли Российской Федерации (http://minpromtorg.gov.ru/opendata/?cat_18=13).
Contains content from Администрация Костромской области (http://adm44.ru/opendata/index.aspx) provided under the Terms of Use specified on the same website (http://adm44.ru/opendata/terms/index.aspx).
Contains material adapted from The Federal Agency for Railway Transport (http://88.210.41.58:8080/Lists/station/AllItems.aspx) provided under Open Data License at http://data.gov.ru

Serbia

Contains content of NIS Petrol from: http://www.nispetrol.rs/sr-lat/kartica/nis-petrol-mapa-benzinskih-stanica, licensed in accordance with Creative Commons Ауторство 3.0 Србија, https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/rs/
Roads of Serbia (http://www.putevi-srbije.rs/index.php/en/kategorizacija-vozila-cenovnik-..., http://www.putevi-srbije.rs/index.php/en/referentni-sistem-eng)

Slovenia

© EuroGeographics
Contains content from Geodetska uprava Republike Slovenije (http://egp.gu.gov.si, January 2017) and Prometno-informacijski center za državne ceste, DARS d.d.
and Direkcija RS za infrastrukturo (https://www.promet.si/ , March 2019)

Spain

Información geográfica propiedad del Inst.
Geogra.
Nacional
Elaboración propia con datos extraídos del sitio web del INE: www.ine.es
Origen de los datos: Agencia Estatal del Boletín Oficial del Estado (https://boe.es/diario_boe/, 30th December 2016).
Ayuntamiento de Las Palmas de Gran Canaria (January 27, 2016).
Ayuntamiento de Zaragoza (https://www.zaragoza.es/sede/portal/aviso-legal, May 2017).
Junta de Castilla y León (February, 2016)
Includes content of Dirección General de Tráfico, licensed in accordance with http://www.datos.gob.es/avisolegal
Contains data from&nbsp;https://transparencia.org.es/en/ for&nbsp.
Bike Lanes (http://www.xn--logroo-0wa.es/wps/wcm/connect/4f2d320045a3e2029b57dfc1dfa...), Bike Parking (http://www.xn--logroo-0wa.es/wps/wcm/connect/8fdc798045a3e2099ba8dfc1dfa...), Bike Sharing Stops (http://www.xn--logroo-0wa.es/wps/wcm/connect/33c8240045a3e20e9bb8dfc1dfa...), Parking (http://www.xn--logroo-0wa.es/wps/wcm/connect/9112a40045a3e2139c4adec1dfa...), Carto Data(http://www.xn--logroo-0wa.es/wps/wcm/connect/759e35004077e49fbc83bde9431..., http://www.xn--logroo-0wa.es/wps/wcm/connect/2af5e9004077e583bc9dbde9431..., http://www.xn--logroo-0wa.es/wps/wcm/connect/514dfb004fe3c31c84659c17aaf..., http://www.xn--logroo-0wa.es/wps/wcm/connect/db69eb004de08f10b160f768bd6..., http://www.xn--logroo-0wa.es/wps/wcm/connect/5e5c0f004077e235bc69bde9431..., http://www.xn--logroo-0wa.es/wps/wcm/connect/b6be28004dde2b7dadb1ef68bd6..., http://www.xn--logroo-0wa.es/wps/wcm/connect/b904b6004dde2250ad83ef68bd6..., http://www.xn--logroo-0wa.es/wps/wcm/connect/a89b8f004ffb99fea586ad2ddd4...)
Contains data that is made available by the Generalitat de Catalunya Government in accordance with the terms available at http://www.gencat.cat/web/eng/avis_legal.htm.
Retrieved by HERE 05/2013.
Contains content licensed in accordance with Open Data Commons Attribution License v1.0 (https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/by/1.0/) from the following sources: City of Lleida (URBARNISME-INFRAESTRUCTURES - https://aplicacionsweb.paeria.es/eOpenDataPublicWeb/faces/ca/cataleg/ter..., last updated 20/11/2015.
URBARNISME-INFRAESTRUCTURES - https://aplicacionsweb.paeria.es/eOpenDataPublicWeb/faces/ca/cataleg/ter..., last updated 01/04/2015.
CIÈNCIA-TECNOLOGIA - https://aplicacionsweb.paeria.es/eOpenDataPublicWeb/faces/ca/cataleg/eco..., last updated 12/11/2015).
Contains content licensed in accordance with Creative Commons Reconocimiento 3.0 License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/es/legalcode.es) from the following sources: Administración General de la Comunidad Autónoma de Euskadi (http://opendata.euskadi.eus, updated in April 2017).
Ajuntament de Sabadell (http://opendata.sabadell.cat/ca/?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=7646..., downloaded by Licensee in June 2017).
Ayuntamiento de Bilbao ( http://www.bilbao.eus/opendata/es/catalogo/dato-puntos-recogida-biciclet...
).
Ayuntamiento de Cáceres (http://opendata.caceres.es/dataset/autobuses-caceres).
Ayuntamiento de Gijón (http://transparencia.gijon.es/og_categories/show/112-creative-commons-re...).
Ayuntamiento de Santander.
Gobierno de Navarra (https://gobiernoabierto.navarra.es/es/open-data/datos/transporte-publico..., downloaded by Licensee in January 2017).
Basque Government (http://www.geo.euskadi.eus/s69-15375/eu/), IDE Caceres (http://ide.caceres.es/).
Xunta de Galicia (http://abertos.xunta.es);&nbsp;Junta de Andalucia (https://www.juntadeandalucia.es/datosabiertos/portal/dataset/bibliotecas...);&nbsp;
Contains content licensed in accordance with&nbsp;https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode from the following sources: Ajuntament de Sabadell, updated 4/2013.
Centro Municipal de Informatica – Malaga.
Pamplona City Council (Accomadation Hotels Parking Speciality Stores Restaurants coffee shops museums performing arts, Medical services, Shops, Transport Road - http://www.pamplona.es/VerPagina.asp?idPag=1519&amp;idioma=1).
Xunta de Galicia (http://abertos.xunta.es/busca-de-datos).
Girona Open data (http://www.girona.cat/opendata/dataset/establiments-dedicats-a-activitat..., http://www.girona.cat/opendata/dataset/adreces-postals)
Contains content licensed in accordance with Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Public License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0) from the following sources: Ayuntamiento de Barcelona (http://opendata-ajuntament.barcelona.cat/es/condicions-us, last updated December, 2018).
Ayuntamiento de Las Palmas de Gran Canaria (http://datosabiertos.laspalmasgc.es/).
Ayuntamiento Santa Cruz de Tenerife (https://www.santacruzdetenerife.es/opendata/dataset/viales, https://www.santacruzdetenerife.es/opendata/dataset/numeracion, https://www.santacruzdetenerife.es/opendata/dataset/instalaciones-culturales, https://www.santacruzdetenerife.es/opendata/dataset/carril-bici, https://www.santacruzdetenerife.es/opendata/dataset/instalaciones-deportivas, https://www.santacruzdetenerife.es/opendata/dataset/estaciones-de-servicio, https://www.santacruzdetenerife.es/opendata/dataset/farmacias, https://www.santacruzdetenerife.es/opendata/dataset/instalaciones-de-seguridad-y-emergencias, https://www.santacruzdetenerife.es/opendata/dataset/recursos-de-mayores, https://www.santacruzdetenerife.es/opendata/dataset/parques-infantiles, ttps://www.santacruzdetenerife.es/opendata/dataset/paradas-de-taxi, https://www.santacruzdetenerife.es/opendata/dataset/miradores, https://www.santacruzdetenerife.es/opendata/dataset/hoteles).
Ayuntamiento de Santander (Números Postales,Tramos de Calle - datos.santander.es/dataset.
Callejero - http://datos.santander.es/dataset/?id=callejero.
Senales de trafico - http://datos.santander.es/dataset/?id=senales-de-trafico.
Carril bici - http://datos.santander.es/dataset/?id=carril-bici&nbsp;.
estaciones de bicicletas http://datos.santander.es/dataset/?id=estaciones-bicicletas;&nbsp;Fuente de los datos: Ayuntamiento de Sevilla (http://sevilla-idesevilla.opendata.arcgis.com/).
Ayuntamiento de Valencia (http://gobiernoabierto.valencia.es/es/dataset/?id=ejes-calle.
http://gobiernoabierto.valencia.es/es/resource/?ds=numeros-portal&amp;id=2d2...
http://gobiernoabierto.valencia.es/es/resource/?ds=sentidos-circulacion&amp;...).
Gobierno de Aragón (http://opendata.aragon.es).
Junta de Comunidades de Castilla-La Mancha (http://data-castillalamancha.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/c3673a16d3554b7a9f93ca1690324817_0;&nbsp;http://data-castillalamancha.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/59843bfa54954fee8550ef32d936e4d4_0;&nbsp;http://data-castillalamancha.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/59d8f6982f544ebda987bd37b8f6b0bd_0;&nbsp;http://data-castillalamancha.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/f21d6b5264d04d5f96684f44f238c3db_0;&nbsp;http://data-castillalamancha.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/6238cee55f474d9fb46f0527da424729_0;&nbsp;http://data-castillalamancha.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/7c5910122cd845eeaa12f9eb9afccec4_0);Junta de Andalucia (https://www.juntadeandalucia.es/datosabiertos/portal/dataset/centros-de-...
https://www.juntadeandalucia.es/datosabiertos/portal/dataset/centros-edu...
https://www.juntadeandalucia.es/datosabiertos/portal/dataset/directorio-...
https://www.juntadeandalucia.es/datosabiertos/portal/dataset/centros-doc...
https://www.juntadeandalucia.es/datosabiertos/portal/dataset/centros-del...
https://www.juntadeandalucia.es/datosabiertos/portal/dataset/otros-centr...
https://www.juntadeandalucia.es/datosabiertos/portal/dataset/oficinas-de...
.
https://www.juntadeandalucia.es/datosabiertos/portal/dataset/museos-de-a...);
Fuente: Instituto de Estadística y Cartografía de Andalucía.
Ministerio de Agricultura, Alimentación y Medio Ambiente.
Madrid City Council.
Diputación Foral de Gipuzkoa
Contains information from car2go
Contains information from TRAM (https://opendata.tram.cat/)
This product uses the Zipcar API but is not endorsed or certified by Zipcar.
Contains content from Ministerio de Sanidad, Servicios Sociales e Igualdad (Catálogo de Centros de Atención Primaria del SNS y Catálogo Nacional de Hospitales, http://www.msssi.gob.es/ciudadanos/prestaciones/centrosServiciosSNS/hosp..., last updated 31st December 2015.
and Registro General de centros, establecimientos y servicios sanitarios, http://www.msssi.gob.es/en/ciudadanos/prestaciones/regCess/home.htm, last updated August 2016).
Contains copyrighted material from CartoCiudad assigned by © Instituto Geográfico Nacional, centrodedescargas.cnig.es/CentroDescargas/buscadorCatalogo.do
The following notices apply to Point Addressing:

Regions of Andalucía, Aragón, Asturias, Canarias, Cantabria, Castilla-La Mancha, Castilla y León, Cataluña, Ceuta, Extremadura, Galicia, Madrid, Murcia and Melilla: © Instituto Geográfico Nacional de España- Dirección General del Catastro- INE- Correos
Region of the Balearic Islands: © Instituto Geográfico Nacional de España- Dirección General del Catastro- INE- Correos -Govern Balear
Region of La Rioja: © Instituto Geográfico Nacional de España- Dirección General del Catastro- INE- Correos - Gobierno de La Rioja
Region of Valencia: © Instituto Geográfico Nacional de España- Dirección General del Catastro- INE- Correos -Instituto Cartográfico Valenciano
Region of Navarra: © Instituto Geográfico Nacional de España- Correos - Gobierno de Navarra


Sweden

Based upon electronic data Ó National Land Survey Sweden and upon information retrieved from Trafiklab.se 
Contains public data, licensed under Go Open v1.0, available at http://data.goteborg.se/goopen/Avtal%20GoOpen%201.0.0.pdf
Contains public data, licensed under&nbsp;Creative Commons Attribution 1.0 Generic License (https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) Goteborg Stads (https://catalog.goteborg.se/portal/#view=public&amp;resource=https://catalog..., https://catalog.goteborg.se/portal/#view=public&amp;resource=https://catalog..., https://catalog.goteborg.se/portal/#view=public&amp;resource=https://catalog..., https://catalog.goteborg.se/portal/#view=public&amp;resource=https://catalog..., https://catalog.goteborg.se/portal/#view=public&amp;resource=https://catalog..., https://catalog.goteborg.se/portal/#view=public&amp;resource=https://catalog..., https://catalog.goteborg.se/portal/#view=public&amp;resource=https://catalog..., https://catalog.goteborg.se/portal/#view=public&amp;resource=https://catalog...).
Lantmäteriet&nbsp;(https://www.lantmateriet.se/sv/Kartor-och-geografisk-information/oppna-d...)
Contains content licensed in accordance with Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/) from the following sources: Helsingborgs Stad (http://data-helsingborg.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/ac730c5aa06a4707870..., https://oppna.helsingborg.se/datakallor/3d-byggnader/)
Contains content licensed in accordance with Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 SE (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/se/deed.en): Baskarta -Uppsala (https://www.uppsala.se/boende-och-trafik/kartor-och-statistik/baskarta/)
Contains content licensed in accordance with Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Uported Public License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode) from the following sources: Power Circle (www.laddinfra.se).
Contains content licensed in accordance with Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0) from the following sources: Lantmäteriet (http://www.lantmateriet.se/en/Maps-and-geographic-information/Maps/oppna...);&nbsp.
Linköpings kommun (http://www.linkoping.se/open/data/geodata/).
Svensky kyrkan (https://api.svenskakyrkan.se/tjanster/6df41d97-249a-489c-8ebd-8a644fa885c1, https://api.svenskakyrkan.se/tjanster/f958a8d4-ca00-4500-a409-5316635721b0, https://api.svenskakyrkan.se/tjanster/29481ada-3779-457a-b019-a5dfcfbd3928).
Contains information from car2go

Switzerland

Topografische Grundlage: Ó Bundesamt für Landestopographie.
Contains Gebäudeadressen des Kantons Bern © Amt für Geoinformation des Kantons Bern.
Contains data from Post CH AG.
the data may be published exclusively in connection with map material represented in points.
Kanton Zürich: Geodaten © GIS-ZH
Source: opentransportdata.swiss.
Systeme d'information du territorie a Geneve (SITG), imprimé et/ou extrait en date du 1.
Juin 2016.
Contains material adopted from Geodaten Kanton Basel-Stadt available at http://www.geo.bs.ch/geodaten/geodaten-katalog/geodaten-katalog.html
HERE Traffic for Switzerland may not be used by the following organizations that are based in Switzerland: (i) Swiss radio stations that are broadcasting in Switzerland, (ii) Internet platforms that are based in Switzerland (targeting Swiss end-users) and display a textual or visual description of traffic information (including Swiss media houses.
e.g., www.tcs.ch), (iii) the following automobile club members of ARC Transistance: Touring, HAK, UAMK, FDM, ADAC, MAK, ACL, AMSM, ANWB, NAF, AMZS, RACE, AA, ÖAMTC, ACI and TCS, (iv) Swiss states and the cantons and (v) universities and technological institutes in Switzerland.
Contains data from Post CH AG.
the data may be published exclusively in connection with map material represented in points.
Contains content licensed in accordance with Creative Commons Attribution&nbsp;4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) (https://swisspost.opendatasoft.com/explore/dataset/plz_verzeichnis_v2/in...)

United Kingdom &amp.
the Crown Dependencies

© Natural England copyright.
©The States of Guernsey.
©The States of Alderney.
©The Chief Pleas of Sark.
©The Royal Court of Guernsey.
© Scottish Natural Heritage
Includes content licensed under the Open Government License v.3.0 (www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/) from the following sources: Highways England.
public sector.
Leeds City Council.
National Coach Services.
National Public Transport Access Nodes.
Office for National Statistics.
Transport for Greater Manchester.
Traveline National Data Set (TNDS);&nbsp;Birmingham City Council
Transport for London: Powered by TfL Open Data, based on the Open Government Licence v2.0.
Please go to: www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/2.
Contains OS data © Crown copyright and database rights 2016
Contains Open Data licensed under the Open Banking Open Licence.
Timetable data used in this product or service is provided by permission of thetrainline.com.
thetrainline.com assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the data used in this product or service.
Contains derived Ordnance Survey Data.
Ordnance Survey license number 100019741.
Crown Copyright and Database right (2014).
Contains Ordnance Survey data © Crown copyright and database right 2010, 2015.
NB This national dataset is "indicative" not "definitive".
Definitive information can only be provided by individual local authorities and you should refer directly to their information for all purposes that require the most up to data and complete dataset.
Some products contain data from database known as the ‘Postcode Address File’ (PAF®).
intellectual property rights in the data owned by Royal Mail Group Limited
Postal Code Points for Great Britain: Contains Ordnance Survey data © Crown copyright and database right 2018, Contains Royal Mail data © Royal Mail copyright and database right 2018
Contains data from the following sources: Companies House (under Crown copyright and under section 47 and 50 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 and Schedule 1 of the Database Regulations (SI 1997/3032)).
Land Registry (from 2005 and thereafter - © Crown copyright 2015.
Please see https://www.gov.uk/government/statistical-data-sets/price-paid-data-down...
to report any errors in this data).
National Rail Enquires (available at www.nationalrail.co.uk).
Natural Resources Wales information © Natural Resources Wales and database right.
Network Rail Infrastructure Limited (licensed under the following licence https://www.networkrail.co.uk/who-we-are/transparency-and-ethics/transparency/open-data-feeds/network-rail-infrastructure-limited-data-feeds-licence/).
This product uses the Zipcar API but is not endorsed or certified by Zipcar.
The following notice applies to the use of HERE Traffic for the United Kingdom: Certain data provided by TrafficMaster ©200X TrafficMaster.
&nbsp;
Please note that the EuroGeographics copyright notice is required for Croatia, Cyprus, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Moldova, Poland, and Slovenia.
If a product includes one or more of these countries, the copyright notice should be mentioned only one time.


The following restriction is applicable to all of Europe:
A.
Paper Maps.
With respect to any license granted relating to making, selling or distributing paper maps (i.e., a map fixed on a paper or paper-like medium): (a) such license with respect to map data for Great Britain is conditioned on you entering into and complying with a separate written agreement with the Ordnance Survey ("OS") to create and sell paper maps, you paying to the OS any and all applicable paper map royalties, and you complying with the OS copyright notice requirements.
(b) such license for selling or otherwise distributing for charge with respect to map data for the Czech Republic is conditioned on you obtaining prior written consent from Kartografie a.s..
(c) such license for selling or distributing with respect to map data for Switzerland is conditioned on you obtaining a permit from Bundesamt für Landestopografie of Switzerland.
(d) you are restricted from using map data for France to create paper maps with a scale between 1 : 5,000 and 1 : 250,000.
and (e) you are restricted from using any map data to create, sell or distribute paper maps that are the same or substantially similar, in terms of data content and specific use of color, symbols and scale, to paper maps published by the European national mapping agencies, including without limitation, Landervermessungämter of Germany, Topografische Dienst of the Netherlands, Nationaal Geografisch Instituut of Belgium, Bundesamt für Landestopografie of Switzerland, Bundesamt für Eich-und Vermessungswesen of Austria, and the National Land Survey of Sweden.
The foregoing restrictions (a)-(d) do not apply to the case of an End-User using an electronic application (e.g., a software product) to print a map for such End-User's own internal use.
B.
OS Enforcement.
Without limiting the above paragraph, with respect to map data for Great Britain, you acknowledge and agree that the Ordnance Survey (“OS”) may bring a direct action against you to enforce compliance with the OS copyright notice and paper map requirements set forth above.
C.
Traffic Codes.
You acknowledge and agree that in certain countries of the Territory of Europe, you shall be responsible for obtaining rights directly from third party RDS-TMC code providers to be able to use the Traffic Codes and to deliver your end-users information, data, applications, products and/or services in any way derived from or based on such Traffic Codes.
D.
Respective Country Distribution.
You acknowledge that HERE has not received approvals to distribute map data in each respective country for (i) countries for which only Entry Maps (i.e., non-navigable two-dimensional tile maps) are made available from HERE, and (ii) the following countries for which Intermediate Maps (i.e., two-dimensional detailed vector maps) and/or Navigable Maps are available from HERE:
For Europe: Albania, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Kyrgyzstan, Moldova and Uzbekistan.
HERE may update such list from time to time.
The license rights granted to you under your agreement with respect to the location content for such countries are contingent upon your compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including, without limitation, any required licenses or approvals to distribute the product and/or service incorporating such location content in such respective countries.
Lithunia (http://gis-vplanas.opendata.arcgis.com/), Spatial data set of (geo) reference base cadastre © The ministry of agriculture of the Republic of Lithuania, May 30th 2018.
&nbsp; Asia Pacific Territory 
Australia

Contains data from Government of Western Australia available free of charge at&nbsp.
www.transperth.wa.gov.au
Product incorporates data which is © 20XX Telstra Corporation Limited, Intelematics Australia Pty Ltd and HERE International LLC In addition to the foregoing, the End-User Terms for any Application containing RDS-TMC Traffic Codes for Australia shall contain the following notice: &nbsp;Product incorporates traffic location codes which is © 20XX Telstra Corporation Limited and its licensors.
Product incorporates data sourced from Tasmania Parks &amp.
Wildlife Services.
Copyright © The State of Victoria, Department of Environment, Land, Water &amp.
Planning 2015, and State of Queensland (Department of Natural Resources and Mines) 2015, and Copyright © State of Queensland (Department of National Parks, Sport and Racing) 2015.
Updated data available at http://qldspatial.information.qld.gov.au/catalogue//, and Copyright © New South Wales Department of Education and Communities 2014
Contains material adapted from Legal Speed Limit (MRWA-520).
The Commissioner of Main Roads is the creator and owner of the Legal Speed Limit (MRWA-520) data, which is accessed pursuant to a Creative Commons (Attribution) Licence, which has a disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability.
Main Roads WA website is the official and current source of RAV Network data
Includes content licensed under Creative Commons 1.0 Universal (CC 1.0 Universal) from the following sources: Road Signs published by Territory and Municipal Services Directorate (Transport for Canberra), https://www.data.act.gov.au/ Road Signs published by Territory and Municipal Services Directorate (Transport for Canberra) https://dev.socrata.com/foundry/www.data.act.gov.au/x5r3-ppwd &nbsp;Road Signs in the ACT published by the Territory and Municipal Services Directorate https://www.data.act.gov.au/Transport/Road-Signs-in-the-ACT/5x84-xpn7.
Includes content licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported (CC BY 3.0) License at http:&nbsp;http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ from the following sources: Speed Limits published by the Launceston City Council http://lcc.launceston.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets, Parking Bays published by City of Launceston, http://opendata.launceston.tas.gov.au/datasets/parking-bays
Includes content licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Australia (CC BY 3.0 AU) License at https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/au/ from the following sources: Speed Zone Data published by VicRoads (https://www.data.vic.gov.au/data/dataset/speed-zone-data), and Atherton Forest Mountain Bike Park Trail Maps published by Department of National Parks, Sport and Racing (Queensland) (https://data.qld.gov.au/dataset/atherton-forest-mountain-bike-park-trail-maps), and Glenorchy Mountain Bike Park published by Glenorchy City Council (https://maps.gcc.tas.gov.au/metadata/glenorchy_mtbp.html) and City of Hobart Road Kerb Use published by City of Hobart (http://www.data.gov.au/dataset/city-of-hobart-road-kerb-use) and Gold Coast Cycleway Guide 2015 published by City of Gold Coast Council http://data.gov.au/dataset/5c841f92-0d3c-409a-bbb2-c9b5c81cc490 and LIST Transport Segments published by Land Tasmania ©State of Tasmania (http://listdata.thelist.tas.gov.au)&nbsp.
and Department of Education and Training (ACT) published by data.gov.au https://data.gov.au/dataset/location-of-act-schools, and Department for Education and Child Development published by sa.gov.au https://www.sa.gov.au/directories/state-schools-and-services/a-z-of-state-schools-and-services, and Department of Education and Training published by data.qld.gov.au https://data.qld.gov.au/lt/dataset/state-and-non-state-school-details and Speed Limits published by the Launceston City Council http://lcc.launceston.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets and Double Routes published by Vic Roads http://vicroadsopendata.vicroadsmaps.opendata.arcgis.com/ and Bridge HMLPBS2A and 2B2Axle16in3AxleWM published by Vic Roads http://vicroadsopendata.vicroadsmaps.opendata.arcgis.com/ and Class2 Road Train Routes published by Vic Roads http://vicroadsopendata.vicroadsmaps.opendata.arcgis.com/ and Controlled Access Bus Network published by Vic Roads http://vicroadsopendata.vicroadsmaps.opendata.arcgis.com/ and Highe Mass Limit Network published by Vic Roads http://vicroadsopendata.vicroadsmaps.opendata.arcgis.com/ and Bar, tavern, pub patron capacity published by City of Melbourne https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Economy/Bar-tavern-pub-patron-capacity/mffi-m9yn and Business establishment trading name and industry classification 2015 published by City of Melbourne https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Economy/Business-establishment-trading-name-and-industry-c/q6dk-kbwm and Café, restaurant, bistro seats published by City of Melbourne https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Economy/Cafe-restaurant-bistro-seats/xt2y-tnn9 Bicycle routes, including informal, on-road and off-road routes published by City of Melbourne (https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Transport-Movement/Bicycle-routes-including-informal-on-road-and-off-/24aw-nd3i&nbsp;Self Guided Walks published by City of Melbourne (https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Transport-Movement/Self-Guided-Walks/5dx2-u4mf&nbsp;and Noosa Road Segments published by the Noosa Shire Council http://data.gov.au/dataset?q=noosa+road+segments&amp;organization=noosa-shire-council&amp;sort=extras_harvest_portal+asc%2C+score+desc&nbsp.
and Liquor License Search published by Queensland Government https://secure.olgr.qld.gov.au/forms/lls &nbsp;and Crash data from Queensland roads published by Transport and Main Roads, Queensland Government https://data.qld.gov.au/dataset/crash-data-from-queensland-roads sourced on [09/16/2016] ,&nbsp.
Public Restrooms published by Department of Social Services, https://data.gov.au/dataset/national-public-toilet-map/resource/4ff62ef6-5006-4e9a-bc65-83e8493f65ba &nbsp;&nbsp;Parking Meters published by the Launceston City Council, https://www.data.gov.au/dataset/parking-meters &nbsp;, Parking Meters published by the Southern Grampians Shire Council, https://www.data.gov.au/dataset/southern-grampians-disabled-parking Courthouse Locations&nbsp.
published by Queensland Government (https://www.qld.gov.au/ Road Signs published by City of Greater Geelong (https://data.gov.au/dataset/geelong-road-signs2 Transport and Main Roads, Queensland Government,&nbsp;Road location and traffic data, Department of Finance, Services and Innovation NSW,&nbsp.
https://sdi.nsw.gov.au/nswsdi/catalog/search/resource/details.page?uuid=%7B10377F94-15B6-4F6D-8608-FEBCC59E373D%7D Department of Natural Resources and Mines (QLD) https://data.qld.gov.au/dataset/geographic-features-queensland-series Transport and Main Roads, Queensland Government,&nbsp;Taxi contract areas Queensland Health, Queensland Government,&nbsp;Queensland public hospitals 2013&nbsp;API Bridges published by Northern Grampians Shire Council (https://www.data.gov.au/dataset/ngsc-bridges As Constructed Plans published by Logan City Council (http://nlc.maps.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=33dd7a68dcb24eb9a52867af729c1992 Cycle Network published by Logan City Council (http://data.gov.au/dataset/cycle-network&nbsp;Point Addresses published by Logan City Council (https://data.gov.au/dataset/lcc-primary-property-address&nbsp;Parks published by Logan City Council (https://data.gov.au/dataset/parks-polygons&nbsp;ACT School Locations published by Education Directorate (https://www.data.act.gov.au/Education/ACT-School-Locations/q8rt-q8cy Primary Schools published by Education Directorate&nbsp.
https://www.data.act.gov.au/Education/primary_schools/m8bm-emy2 Library Locations published by Territory and Municipal Services Directorate ACT (https://www.data.act.gov.au/Places-and-Address/Library-Locations/hssi-h7fk Bike Direct published by Department of Planning, Transport and Infrastructure Development http://nlc.maps.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=e82cf927742245558050fe2588b4f617 Addresses published by City of Launceston (https://www.data.gov.au/dataset/addresses Bioregional Assessment Programme http://data.gov.au/dataset/65c0c042-1ba8-47a8-9793-4363672500b9/resource/f10c93bf-f48e-456a-889a-00f368e184fc?inner_span=True Emergency Management Public published by Land Tasmania (http://services.thelist.tas.gov.au/arcgis/rest/services/Public/EmergencyManagementPublic/MapServer LIST All Transport published by Land Tasmania (http://services.thelist.tas.gov.au/arcgis/rest/services/Public/TopographyAndRelief/MapServer/8 LIST Points of Interest published by Land Tasmania&nbsp.
(http://services.thelist.tas.gov.au/arcgis/rest/services/Public/OpenDataWFS/MapServer/36 LIST Transport Segments published by Land Tasmania (http://services.thelist.tas.gov.au/arcgis/rest/services/Public/OpenDataWFS/MapServer/42 LIST Transport Nodes published by Land Tasmania (http://services.thelist.tas.gov.au/arcgis/rest/services/Public/OpenDataWFS/MapServer/41 LIST Local Government Areas published by Land Tasmania (http://services.thelist.tas.gov.au/arcgis/rest/services/Public/OpenDataWFS/MapServer/28 LIST Legislative Council Divisions published by Land Tasmania (http://services.thelist.tas.gov.au/arcgis/rest/services/Public/OpenDataWFS/MapServer/27 LIST Hydrographic Points published by Land Tasmania (http://services.thelist.tas.gov.au/arcgis/rest/services/Public/OpenDataWFS/MapServer/24 LIST Hydrographic Areas published by Land Tasmania (http://services.thelist.tas.gov.au/arcgis/rest/services/Public/OpenDataWFS/MapServer/22 LIST Cadastral Parcels published by Land Tasmania (http://services.thelist.tas.gov.au/arcgis/rest/services/Public/OpenDataWFS/MapServer/14 LIST Building Points published by Land Tasmania (http://services.thelist.tas.gov.au/arcgis/rest/services/Public/OpenDataWFS/MapServer/12 LIST Address Points published by Land Tasmania&nbsp.
(http://services.thelist.tas.gov.au/arcgis/rest/services/Public/OpenDataWFS/MapServer/9 City of Gold Coast, https://data.gov.au/dataset/public-parking-facilities-city-of-gold-coast/resource/80ea1f38-d6c6-4708-8ec9-1512867fb441&nbsp;Pathways published by City of Gold Coast (http://data.gov.au/dataset/gold-coast-pathways parking Bays published by City of Gold Coast (https://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=e400dbd4ab164dd080646a797468976c&nbsp;Department of Finance, Services and Innovation NSW [06/19/2017],&nbsp.
http://maps.six.nsw.gov.au/arcgis/rest/services/public/NSW_Property/MapServer Bike Parks published by the Golden Plains Shire Council, https://www.data.gov.au/dataset/golden-plains-bike-parks Parking Machines published by the City of Ballarat, https://www.data.gov.au/dataset/ballarat-parking-machines Ballarat Bus Shelters published by City of Ballarat (https://www.data.gov.au/dataset/ballaratbusshelters&nbsp;Parking Ticket Machines published by the City of Greater Geelong, https://www.data.gov.au/dataset/geelong-parking.
Includes content licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) License at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0 from the following sources: Road Network MRWA 20150528 published by Main Roads Western Australia (http://slip.landgate.wa.gov.au) and Department of Education and Training published by data.vic.gov.au https://www.data.vic.gov.au/data/dataset/victorian-schools-location-2015 and New South Wales Government, https://opendata.transport.nsw.gov.au/site/en_us/documentation.html,&nbsp.
Trails, Great Buildings, Sights &amp.
Public Art API published by the Adelaide City Council https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/d5ad3393-9a5e-428b-9d24-5ecd19578a66 and Double Resricted Bridges published by Vic Roads http://vicroadsopendata.vicroadsmaps.opendata.arcgis.com/ &nbsp;and Bridge Structures published by Vic Roads http://vicroadsopendata.vicroadsmaps.opendata.arcgis.com/ and Road Use Hierarchy published by Vic Roads http://vicroadsopendata.vicroadsmaps.opendata.arcgis.com/ and Road Width and Number of Lanes published by Vic Roads&nbsp.
http://vicroadsopendata.vicroadsmaps.opendata.arcgis.com/aand Statewide Route Numbering Scheme published by Vic Roads http://vicroadsopendata.vicroadsmaps.opendata.arcgis.com/&nbsp.
and Traffic Lights published by Vic Roads http://vicroadsopendata.vicroadsmaps.opendata.arcgis.com/ and Street Parking Zones published by the Adelaide City Council https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/on-street-parking-zones &nbsp;&nbsp;and Outdoor Dining Permits published by the Adelaide City Council https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/outdoor-dining-permits/resource/dac8a9db-c092-4e79-83b8-e1238463ddb7 Bus Shelters published by Adelaide City Council (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/bus-shelters&nbsp;and Schools Online published by the Department of Education Western Australia http://www.det.wa.edu.au/schoolsonline/ And Tasmanian Vehicle Crash Data published by Department of State Growth (Tasmania) https://data.gov.au/dataset/tasmanian And Road Crash Data published by Department of Planning, Transport and Infrastructure&nbsp.
(South Australia) https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/road-crash-data And State Maintained Roads published by Department of Planning, Transport and Infrastructure (South Australia) https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/state-maintained-roads&nbsp;Adelaide Public Transport Stop Data published by Department of Planning, Transport and Infrastructure (SA) (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/0d2f65f9-4386-4352-b46e-1259ebc06afe Roads published by Department of Planning, Transport and Infrastructure (SA) (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/roads) Rest Areas published by Department of Planning, Transport and Infrastructure (SA) (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/rest-areas&nbsp;School Crossings published by Department of Planning, Transport and Infrastructure (SA) (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/c507f056-f5c9-4b03-8494-0665d5bea583) And Register of Penalty Notices published by the NSW Food Authority http://www.foodauthority.nsw.gov.au/penalty-notices/,&nbsp.
Government of Western Australia available free of charge at&nbsp.
www.transperth.wa.gov.au Contains material adapted from Taxi Ranks published by City of Melbourne, https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Assets-Infrastructure/Taxi-Ranks/grmi-..., Cafes and Restaurants only&nbsp;published by City of Melbourne (https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Economy/Cafes-and-Restaurants-only/sfrg-zygb&nbsp;Public Toilets map published by City of Melbourne (https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Assets-Infrastructure/Public-Toilets-map/327g-9akn) On-street Parking Bays published by City of Melbourne (https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Transport-Movement/On-street-Parking-Bays/crvt-b4kt) from On-street Car Park Bay Information published by City of Melbourne (https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Transport-Movement/On-street-Car-Park-Bay-Information/ntht-5rk7&nbsp;On-street Parking Bay Sensors published by City of Melbourne (https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Transport-Movement/On-street-Parking-Bay-Sensors/vh2v-4nfs&nbsp;On-street Car Parking Meters with Location published by City of Melbourne (https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Assets-Infrastructure/On-street-Car-Parking-Meters-with-Location/vdsi-4gtj&nbsp;Pay Stay parking restrictions published by City of Melbourne (https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Transport-Movement/Pay-Stay-parking-restrictions/ambt-72qg&nbsp.
On Street Parking Zones published by Adelaide City Council, (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/on-street-parking-zones) Adelaide Metro Real-Time Passenger Information published by the South Australia Department of Planning, Transport and Infrastructure&nbsp;&nbsp.
https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/e794a379-fbf5-457f-b195-7a0be974cc69&nbsp.
GTFS Real-Time published by TransLink, a division of the Department of Transport and Main Roads, Queensland Government http://translink.com.au/about-translink/open-data &nbsp;PTV Timetable API published by Public Transport Victoria https://www.data.vic.gov.au/data/dataset/ptv-timetable-api and licensed for re-use, On Street Parking Ticket Machines published by City of Adelaide, https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/on-street-parking-ticket-machines , Bluebays – Disability Carparks published by Department for Communities and Social Inclusion South Australia, https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/bluebays-disability-carparks Bike and Pedestrian Paths published by Adelaide City Council, https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/bike-and-pedestrian-paths Parking restrictions (southeast CBD only) published by the City of Melbourne Council, https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Transport-Movement/Parking-restrictions-southeast-CBD-only-/xgce-vkbh Parking restrictions (southeast CBD only) published by the City of Melbourne Council, https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Property-Planning/Off-street-car-parks-with-capacity-and-type/krh5-hhjn&nbsp;&nbsp;Bus Stops published by Noosa Shire Council (https://data.gov.au/dataset/noosa-bus-stop-shelters) Noosa Shared Pathways published by Noosa Shire Council (http://data.gov.au/dataset/noosa-pathways&nbsp;Courthouse Locations published by NSW Government (https://www.service.nsw.gov.au/), PTV Train Station Bike Storage published by Public Transport Victoria (https://www.data.vic.gov.au/data/dataset/ptv-train-station-bike-storage, PTV Bus Stop (Metro and Regional) published by Public Transport Victoria (https://www.data.vic.gov.au/data/dataset/ptv-bus-stop-metro-and-regional, PTV Train Station published by Public Transport Victoria (https://www.data.vic.gov.au/data/dataset/ptv-train-station , PTV Train Station Platforms published by Public Transport Victoria (https://www.data.vic.gov.au/data/dataset/ptv-train-station-platforms PTV Tram Stop published by Public Transport Victoria (https://www.data.vic.gov.au/data/dataset/ptv-tram-stop, PTV Train Station Car Park published by Public Transport Victoria (https://www.data.vic.gov.au/data/dataset/ptv-train-station-car-park,&nbsp.
Smart Parking Lots published by the Chief Minister, Treasury and Economic Development Directorate ACT, https://www.data.act.gov.au/Transport/SmartParking-Lots/h5gb-tess , NSW Fair Trading Government https://data.nsw.gov.au/data/dataset/motor-vehicle-dealer-and-tradesperson-register NSW Department of Education, https://data.nsw.gov.au/data/dataset/nsw-early-childhood-education-and-care-program-locations/resource/80c2ccfc-971d-43cd-8ee6-e7cc4f15e989 Geographical Names Board of NSW https://data.nsw.gov.au/data/dataset/geographical-name-register-of-nsw Department of Natural Resources and Mines (QLD) https://data.qld.gov.au/dataset/rural-properties-queensland/resource/27f63686-1bf9-4fbf-8ff9-c42649c11923 Department of Primary Industries https://data.nsw.gov.au/data/dataset/regulated-rivers City of Gold Coast http://data.gov.au/dataset/gold-coast&nbsp.
Department of Premier and Cabinet https://data.gov.au/dataset/nt-suburb-locality-boundaries-psma-administrative-boundaries Office of Environment and Heritage NSW http://data.environment.nsw.gov.au/dataset/nsw-national-parks-and-wildlife-service-npws-estate3f9e7 Transport for NSW https://opendata.transport.nsw.gov.au/dataset/train-station-maps Transport for NSW https://opendata.transport.nsw.gov.au/dataset/street-parking Building Outlines published by City of Perth (https://catalogue.data.wa.gov.au/dataset/building-outlines Parking Sensors published by City of Perth https://catalogue.data.wa.gov.au/dataset/parking-sensors Cycle Routes published by City of Perth https://catalogue.data.wa.gov.au/dataset/cycle-routes Speed Signs published by VicRoads (https://www.data.vic.gov.au/data/dataset/speed-sign-data Bicycle Parking published by City of Melbourne (https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Assets-Infrastructure/Bicycle-parking/6u5z-ubvh Bus Stop published by City of Melbourne (https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Transport-Movement/Bus-stops/ss79-v558 Landmarks and places of interest, including schools, theatres, health services, sports facilities, places of worship, galleries and museums published by City of Melbourne (https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Assets-Infrastructure/Landmarks-and-places-of-interest-including-schools/j5vt-ppat Streets in City of Port Adelaide Enfield published by City of Port Adelaide Enfield (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/streets-in-city-of-port-adelaide-enfield Points Of Interest published by Port Adelaide Enfield Council (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/points-of-interest-pae Public Toilets published by Port Adelaide Enfield Council (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/public-toilets-pae Footpaths published by Port Adelaide Enfield Council (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/footpaths-pae Reserves published by Port Adelaide Enfield Council (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/reserves-pae Coast and River published by City of Port Adelaide Enfield (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/coast-and-river-pae Land Parcels published by Port Adelaide Enfield Council (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/land-parcels-pae Community Halls published by Port Adelaide Enfield Council (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/halls-for-hire-pae SA Government Regions published by Department of Planning, Transport and Infrastructure (SA) https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/south-australian-government-regions Playgrounds published by Port Adelaide Enfield Council (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/playgrounds-pae Property Boundaries published by Adelaide City Council (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/property-boundaries Street Addresses published by City of Melbourne (https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Property-Planning/Street-addresses/a7rp-xtya Retirement Villages Register published by Department of Health and Ageing (SA) (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/retirement-villages-register SA Public and Private Hospitals Locations published by Department of Health and Ageing SA (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/sa-health-hospitals-locations Centrelink Office Locations published by Department for Communities and Social Inclusion SA (https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/centrelink-office-locations Playgrounds published by City of Melbourne (https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/Assets-Infrastructure/Playgrounds/rwbd-626w Department of Natural Resources and Mines (QLD) https://data.qld.gov.au/dataset/hydrographic-features-queensland-series/resource/f4e288be-cfe9-4845-af33-cfa2d1fde4d2 Tracks and Trails published by Brisbane City Council (https://www.data.brisbane.qld.gov.au/data/dataset/tracks-and-trails&nbsp;Parking Meters published by Brisbane City Council, https://www.data.brisbane.qld.gov.au/data/dataset/brisbane-parking-meters Golf course locations and information published by Brisbane City Council, https://www.data.brisbane.qld.gov.au/data/dataset/golf-courses/resource/3f30fb03-8690-495f-af23-32431921199e Geoscience Australia http://www.ga.gov.au/metadata-gateway/metadata/record/gcat_89918 Bikeways published by Brisbane City Council, https://www.data.brisbane.qld.gov.au/data/dataset/traffic-signal-location-reference Parking Space Levy 2015-16 and information published by Roads and Maritime Services, https://data.nsw.gov.au/data/dataset/parking-space-levy-assessments/resource/6a933dc2-9200-482a-837c-9c8d6151c6ec&nbsp;Cycleway Network published by Roads and Maritime Services (https://data.nsw.gov.au/data/dataset/cyclewayfinder Department of Transport NT, https://transport.nt.gov.au/media/docs/gtfs-alice-new.zip&nbsp.
https://transport.nt.gov.au/media/docs/google-transit-new.zip ParkFacilityFinder poly, published by City of Darwin, http://open-darwin.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/parkfacilityfinder-poly Transportation published by City of Darwin (https://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=f7fdfe1dc22b4a81853e67065541430b&nbsp;Footpaths published by City of Darwin (https://opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/f7fdfe1dc22b4a81853e67065541430b_3.geojson&nbsp;Roads published by City of Darwin (http://open-darwin.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/roads&nbsp;Walkways published by City of Darwin (http://open-darwin.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/walkways&nbsp;Shared Path published by City of Darwin (http://open-darwin.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/sharedpaths&nbsp;Traffic Signals published by City of Darwin (http://open-darwin.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/trafficsignals&nbsp;CBD Parking Spaces published by City of Darwin (http://open-darwin.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/6f807097842e4ffa9fdd6639b7acaf31_1?geometry=130.831%2C-12.46%2C130.854%2C-12.456&nbsp;CBD Parking Meters published by City of Darwin (http://open-darwin.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/6f807097842e4ffa9fdd6639b7acaf31_0?geometry=130.835%2C-12.461%2C130.841%2C-12.46&nbsp;Bikeways published by Brisbane City Council, https://www.data.brisbane.qld.gov.au/data/dataset/brisbane-parking-stations Disability Permit Parking locations published by Brisbane City Council (https://www.data.brisbane.qld.gov.au/data/dataset/disability-permit-parking-locations&nbsp;Commercial Loading Zone published by Brisbane City Council (https://sugarcrm.in.here.com/#Opportunities/f1041f2a-a401-11e7-8a80-12515bef4ef0&nbsp;Passenger Loading Zone published by Brisbane City Council (https://sugarcrm.in.here.com/#Opportunities/febde33a-a406-11e7-b743-12515bef4ef0&nbsp;Food Safety Permits published by Brisbane City Council (https://www.data.brisbane.qld.gov.au/data/dataset/food-safety-permits&nbsp;Roads - Static - Parking - Off-Street and information published by Roads and Maritime Services, https://data.nsw.gov.au/data/dataset/roads-static-parking-off-street.
Actual Address Ranges and Point Addressing for Australia: Copyright.
Based on data provided under license from PSMA Australia Limited (www.psma.com.au).

China

The data for mainland China may include or reflect data provided under license from third party licensors, including data which is subject to the following copyright notice:
© NavInfo Co.
Ltd.
GS (2014) 3167 (mobile internet map) and GS (2014) 6065 (for web internet map)
Satellite Data for mainland China is subject to the following notice: GS(2015) 344
Entry Map Data for the People’s Republic of China may only be distributed for use outside of the People’s Republic of China.
The Data for mainland China shall not be exported or in any way transferred outside of mainland China without obtaining approval from the National Administration of Surveying, Mapping and Geoinformation.
Contains information from car2go
Applications accessing Data for mainland China shall include a state of the art copy protection solution for preventing copying of content of the copy, whether by end-users, distributors or otherwise, (i) onto other physical storage media or (ii) via transfer over the internet or other electronic communication means.
Applications accessing Data for mainland China cannot be licensed to any third party that is a local Chinese map database provider.
Due to China’s national security policy, the coordinates of the Data for mainland China are shifted.&nbsp.
Therefore, Applications accessing Data for mainland China are required to include a software security module that will enable use of Data for mainland China.
Unless otherwise agreed to by the parties, you will need to obtain the security module and rights to use it from appropriate Chinese authority.

India

Contains copyrighted information from the following sources: Bureau of Pharma PSUs of India (BPPI) (http://janaushadhi.gov.in).
Uttar Pradesh State AIDS Control Society (UPSACS) (http://upsacs.in/Index.aspx).
United India Insurance Company Limited and Government of India – Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers – Department of Pharmaceuticals.
Contains material from Government of India under "Open Government Data (OGD) Platform India - Turms of Use" available at https://data.gov.in/terms-of-use , https://data.gov.in/sites/default/files/NDSAP_Implementation_Guidelines_...

Indonesia

Contains data provided by the City of Depok and the ESRI Disaster Response Program available at http://idsd.depok.go.id/arcgis/home/ and accessed on July 11, July.

Japan

Copyright © 201X JAPAN DIGITAL ROAD MAP ASSOCIATION
Copyright © 201X INCREMENT P CORP.
All the proprietary rights including but not limited to the copyright and the trademark right in relation to the Japan map data shall belong to INCREMENT P CORPORATION or INCREMENT P CORPORATION’s licensors.
All kinds of information available in the map data might be discrepant with the fact.
Any user is strictly prohibited from duplicating and using the map data in any form without prior permission of the copyright owners.
INCREMENT P CORPORATION SHALL MAKE NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO INFORMATION IN THE MAP DATA, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, INTEGRITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NORMAL OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY ON ANY DEVICES.
IN NO EVENT SHALL INCREMENT P CORPORATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING IN USING THE MAP DATA, NO MATTER WHAT THE REASON.
This map is produced by using Nationwide Digital Road Map Database issued by JAPAN DIGITAL ROAD MAP ASSOCIATION.(The Approval No.
90-063 is issued for using map data under Article 44 of Survey Act.) This map data is produced by using the following city planning maps issued by the specific organizations with approval of each organization, under Article 44 of Survey Act and/or Copyright Law of Japan: Aira City, Kagoshima (approval date August 6, 2007, approval number 平19　林振第246号).
Akita (approval date November 30, 2006, approval number 指令水緑-947.
approval date March 7, 2007, approval number 指令水緑-1258).
Chiran Town, Kagoshima (approval date May 26, 2006, approval number 知耕第590号).
Chita City, Aichi (approval date May 16, 2000, approval number 平10.近公.第34号).
Fuefuki City, Yamanashi (approval date December 13, 2007, approval number 笛まち第12-25号).
Geographical Survey Institute (approval date September 28, 2010, approval number 国地企調第180号.
approval date April 27, 2011, approval number 平23情使、第43号-47号.
approval date September 9, 2011, approval number 平23情使、第283号-47号).
Gifu (approval date March 24, 2008, approval number 情企第590号).
Higashikagawa City, Kagawa (approval date May 2, 2006, approval number 18建第107号).
Higashine City, Yamagata (approval date May 27, 2009, approval number 東建収第8号).
Higashiomi City, Shiga (approval date February 28, 2006, approval number 東開第111号).
Hiroshima (approval date February 15, 2007, approval number 林振第115号).
Horigane Town, Nagano (approval date March 1, 2005, approval number 16堀第5417号).
Ibaraki (approval date August 8, 2007, approval number 林政19-482号).
Ikaho Town, Gunma (approval date July 14, 2005, approval number 伊建農発229号).
Kagoshima (approval date November 17, 2006, approval number 平18 林振第360号.
approval date March 9, 2007, approval number 平18 林振第497号.
approval date January 16, 2008, approval number 平19 林振第404号).
Kochi (approval date February 14, 2007, approval number 18高森推第568号).
Kishigawa Town, Wakayama (approval date March 13, 2001, approval number 平成12年度 知都発第170号).
Kumamoto (approval date February 14, 2007, approval number 森整第993号.
approval date March 7, 2007, approval number 森整第1079号).
Makubetsu Town, Hokkaido (approval date July 14, 2010, approval number H22　幕都計第185号).
Miyagi (approval date September 19, 2006, approval number 林振第350号.
approval date February 28, 2007, approval number 林振第611号).
Miyazaki (approval date December 8, 2006, approval number 使18-1号.
approval date March 8, 2007, approval number 使18-3号).
Nagano (approval date February 14, 2007, approval number 18森政第5-5号).
Nagaoka City, Niigata (approval date March 28, 2006, approval number 長都政第477号).
Nagasaki (approval date October 6, 2006, approval number 18林第492号).
Odawara City, Kanagawa (approval date April 2, 1998, approval number 小田原市指令第52号).
Oita (approval date December 5, 2006, approval number 林18-1.
approval date March 7, 2007, approval number 林18-2).
Oki Town, Fukuoka (approval date March 3, 2004, approval number 15大木建第734号).
Otaru City, Hokkaido (approval date February 18, 2009, approval number 平21樽港事第33号).
Saga (approval date October 4, 2006, approval number 森整第010634号).
Shimane (approval date February 27, 2007, approval number 森第1736号.
approval date November 24, 2006, approval number 森第1286号).
Shizuoka (approval date March 3, 2009, approval number 平成21年森計第477号).
Suo-Oshima Town, Yamaguch (approval date May 12, 2006, approval number 周防建設第56号).
Tahara City, Aichi (approval date April 22, 2011, approval number 23田街第55号).
Tokyo (approval date February 7, 2007, approval number 18都市基交第478号).
Tokyo Digital Map Corporation (approval date February 8, 2007, approval number 18東デ共041号 ※契約番号).
Tokushima (approval date January 30, 2007, approval number 林振第484号).
Toon City, Ehime (approval date May 16, 2006, approval number H18東温都第174号).
Tsuyama City, Okayama (approval date February 17, 2006, approval number 平成17年津山市使用承認第5号).
Ube City, Yamaguchi (approval date May 15, 2006, approval number 指令宇都第13号.
approval date May 31, 2006, approval number 指令宇都第14号).
Yamagata (approval date December 6, 2006, approval number 森第18-10号).
Yamanashi (approval date March 1, 2007, approval number 森整第1561号).
Yoro Town, Gifu (approval date March 13, 2000, approval number 平成12年 養建第1902号).
The Traffic Regulations Data
The traffic regulations data included in the map data is data as of March, 2009.
THE USER SHALL OBEY THE ACTUAL POSTED TRAFFIC SIGNS AND/OR TRAFFIC REGULATION INDICATIONS IN CASE THE TRAFFIC REGULATIONS DATA IS DISCREPANT WITH THE ACTUAL AND CURRENT REGULATIONS.
The map data includes such traffic regulations data as applicable only to regular cars, but not to large-sized cars, two-wheeled vehicle or so.

Malaysia

Contains material adapted from government of Malaysia (http://www.data.gov.my/data/ms_MY/dataset/klinik-1malaysia/resource/cd969445-2dac-4ca4-9946-62c740f86063) (http://www.data.gov.my/data/en_US/dataset/hospital-kerajaan-di-malaysia/...) http://www.data.gov.my/data/ms_MY/dataset/klinik-pergigian-di-malaysia/resource/ff27e9a9-d5a8-4396-b332-66ecedeb9b78 provided under Open Data License https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BxAQhsVf0DUdQVpnQWtKblFEdmc/view
Contains adapted material from Government of Malaysia http://www.data.gov.my/data/en_US/dataset/senarai-terkini-sekolah/resour...
http://www.data.gov.my/data/ms_MY/dataset/bilangan-kelas-prasekolah-meng...
http://www.data.gov.my/data/ms_MY/dataset/bilangan-kelas-prasekolah-meng...
http://www.data.gov.my/data/ms_MY/dataset/hotel-dan-resort/resource/cb00...
http://www.data.gov.my/data/ms_MY/dataset/pusat-membeli-belah/resource/3...
http://www.data.gov.my/data/ms_MY/dataset/pusat-spa/resource/a3f0549f-31...
http://www.data.gov.my/data/ms_MY/dataset/agensi-pelancongan-travel-agen...
http://www.data.gov.my/data/ms_MY/dataset/hotel-budget/resource/8de83b30...
http://www.data.gov.my/data/ms_MY/dataset/restoran/resource/cef6e4ce-d01...
http://www.data.gov.my/data/ms_MY/dataset/tempat-tempat-menarik-di-malay...
http://www.data.gov.my/data/ms_MY/dataset/homestay/resource/18358b34-7b18-4875-94bb-e7c5dc7f6d81&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
http://www.moe.gov.my/index.php/en/dasar-terbuka-kerajaan&nbsp.
under open data 1.0 terms available at http://www.data.gov.my/page/termsofuse

Nepal

Copyright ©Survey Department, Government of Nepal.

New Zealand

Contain copyrighted material from government of Neuvelle Caledonie from&nbsp.
http://www.geoportal.gouv.nc/geoportal/catalog/main/home.page
Nothing in these terms shall have the effect of limiting the Creative Commons licence that applies to the original copyright datasets sourced from https://data.linz.govt.nz that are used in HERE Products or HERE Services.
Under the terms of the Creative Commons licence, LINZ offers that licence to you as well (HERE is not sub-licensing those rights).
You can find those datasets at https://data.linz.govt.nz.
Contains copyrighted material from Counties Manukau Health available at http://www.countiesmanukau.health.nz/Bay of Plenty District Health Board available at &nbsp;http://www.bopdhb.govt.nz/ MidCentral District Health Board available at&nbsp;http://www.midcentraldhb.govt.nz Northland District Health Board available at &nbsp;http://www.northlanddhb.org.nz/z Waitemata District Health Board available at http://www.waitematadhb.govt.nz/ &nbsp;Nelson Marlborough District Health Board &nbsp;available at https://www.nmdhb.govt.nz the Wesley Hospital patient booklet available at http://wesley.com.au/docs/librariesprovider3/default-document-library/patient-information/admissions-booklet.pdf?sfvrsn=2
Contains material adapted from Bus Stops, Train Stations, Ferry Stops, Ferry Routes, Overweight Routes, Overdimension Routes, Car Parking, Taxi Parking and Loading Zones by Auckland Transport (https://at.govt.nz) available under a Creative Commons 3.0 Unported license at http://data-atgis.opendata.arcgis.com
Includes content licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) License at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0 from the following sources: Early Childhood Services Directory published by New Zealand Ministry of Education (http://www.educationcounts.govt.nz/data-services/directories) and Maori Medium Schools Directory published by New Zealand Ministry of Education (http://www.educationcounts.govt.nz/data-services/directories) and New Zealand Schools Directory published by New Zealand Ministry of Education (http://www.educationcounts.govt.nz/data-services/directories) and Private Schools Directory published by New Zealand Ministry of Education (http://www.educationcounts.govt.nz/data-services/directories) and Tertiary Providers Directory published by New Zealand Ministry of Education (http://www.educationcounts.govt.nz/data-services/directories) and Address Points published by the Palmerston North City Council http://data.pncc.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/7fb90e5ffd9343319a3cededd1...
and GEOINT New Zealand (https://geodata.nzdf.mil.nz) and Road Centerlines published by the Palmerston North City Council http://data.pncc.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/7fb90e5ffd9343319a3cededd1...
, New Zealand Foreign Affairs and Trade available at https://www.mfat.govt.nz/en/, from Public Toilets, On Street Parking, Off Street Parking, Motorcycle Parking, Mobility Parking, Monuments, Building Footprints published Napier City Council (https://data.napier.govt.nz/), Hutt River Trail, Walking &amp.
Biking Tracks, Bridges, Car Parks, Formed Roads, Features of Interest, Places To Go, Toilets, Park Tracks, Playgrounds, Building Outlines published Upper Hutt City Council (http://upperhuttcity.com/), Parking data, &nbsp;Walking and Cycleways, Address Points and Road Centerlines published by the Palmerston North City Council (http://data.pncc.opendata.arcgis.com/ &amp.
http://gis.pncc.govt.nz), government contact listings published by Govt.nz (https://www.govt.nz/organisations/) , embassy listings published by Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade (https://www.mfat.govt.nz/en/embassies/) , Geographic Boundary files published by Statistic New Zealand (http://www.stats.govt.nz/browse_stats/Maps_and_geography/Geographic-areas/)&nbsp.
, Wellington Buildings published by Wellington City Council (http://data.wcc.opendata.arcgis.com/), Wellington Playgrounds published by Wellington City Council (http://data.wcc.opendata.arcgis.com/), Wellington Public Toilets published by Wellington City Council (http://data.wcc.opendata.arcgis.com/), Wellington Tracks published by Wellington City Council (http://data.wcc.opendata.arcgis.com/), 
Taxi Stands published by Wellington City Council (http://data-wcc.opendata.arcgis.com), Mobility Parking published by Wellington City Council (http://data-wcc.opendata.arcgis.com) Motorcycle Parking published by Wellington City Council (http://data-wcc.opendata.arcgis.com) 
Building Footprints published by Wellington City Council (http://data-wcc.opendata.arcgis.com) Tracks published by Wellington City Council (http://data-wcc.opendata.arcgis.com) Public Toilets published by Wellington City Council (http://data-wcc.opendata.arcgis.com) Playgrounds published by Wellington City Council (http://data-wcc.opendata.arcgis.com) Parks &amp.
Reserves published by Wellington City Council (http://data-wcc.opendata.arcgis.com) Register of licences published by Ministry of Justice (http://www.justice.govt.nz), Food Safety Programmes register published by Ministry for Primary Industries (http://www.mpi.govt.nz/), Court Locations published by Ministry of Justice (http://www.justice.govt.nz), Walking and Cycleways, Address Points and Road Centerlines published by the Palmerston North City Council (http://data.pncc.opendata.arcgis.com/)

Singapore

Contains information from Hotels dataset from Hotels Licensing Board (https://data.gov.sg/dataset/hotels), School Directory and Information dataset from Ministry of Education (https://data.gov.sg/dataset/school-directory-and-information) and Tourist Attractions dataset from Singapore Tourism Board (https://data.gov.sg/dataset/tourist-attractions), all accessed on 26th May 2017 and all are made available under the terms of the Singapore Open Data Licence version 1.0.

South Korea

REGULATORY RESTRICTIONS: (i) HERE Data delivered to customer or end-users outside of the Republic of Korea (South Korea) is not authorized to be distributed in the Republic of Korea (South Korea), and (ii) HERE Data delivered to customer or end-user inside of the Republic of Korea (South Korea) must not be exported or in any way transferred outside of the Republic of Korea (South Korea).

Sri Lanka

This product incorporates original source digital data obtained from the Survey Department of Sri Lanka.
The data has been used with the permission of the Survey Department of Sri Lanka.
© 2009 Survey Department of Sri Lanka
Any and all copies of data containing Data for Sri Lanka and/or packaging relating thereto shall include the following notice: This product incorporates original source digital data obtained from the Survey, Department of Sri Lanka © 2009 Survey Department of Sri Lanka
The End-User Terms for any Application containing Digital Terrain Model for Sri Lanka shall contain the following notice: Digital Terrain Model data is not sourced from the Survey General of Sri Lanka.
The End-User Terms for any Application containing Enhanced Elevation Contours for Sri Lanka shall contain the following notice: Enhanced Elevation Contours data is not sourced from the Survey General of Sri Lanka.

Taiwan&nbsp;&nbsp.
&nbsp;

Contains Material from Environmental Protection Administration Taiwan 2016, "http://web.epa.gov.tw/en/index.aspx" and New Taipei City Travel http://tour.ntpc.gov.tw/page.aspx?wtp=1&amp;wnd=1024, available to the public under the Open Government Data License ("http:\\data.gov.tw/license").
You can make use of it when complying to the condition and obligation of its terms.
The following restriction is applicable to all of Asia Pacific Territory:
A.
Respective Country Distribution.
You acknowledge that HERE has not received approvals to distribute map data in each respective country for (i) countries for which only Entry Maps (i.e., non-navigable two-dimensional tile maps) are made available from HERE, and (ii) the following countries for which Intermediate Maps (i.e., two-dimensional detailed vector maps) and/or Navigable Maps are available from HERE:
For Asia Pacific Territory: Bangladesh.
HERE may update such list from time to time.
The license rights granted to you under your agreement with respect to the location content for such countries are contingent upon your compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including, without limitation, any required licenses or approvals to distribute the product and/or service incorporating such location content in such respective countries.
&nbsp;
&nbsp; Middle East/Africa Territory Third Party Notices.
The data for the countries listed below may include or reflect data provided under license from third party licensors, including data which is subject to the following copyright notices:

Israel

© Survey of Israel data source
Point Addressing for Israel shall not be licensed or sub-licensed directly or indirectly to any companies or government organization’s entities which are registered or have main offices in Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, or Palestinian organizations and entities which are connected to terror activities as specified in the list of the US Ministry of Treasury as appears in http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/sdn/pdf.
The following provisions apply to data from the Survey of Israel ( SOI ):

Paper maps that are the same or substantially similar, in terms of data content and specific use of color, symbols and scale, to paper maps published by the SOI, may not be created, sold or distributed or provided via sublicense to third parties to create, sell or distribute.
the Data from SOI may not be licensed or sublicensed directly or indirectly to any companies or government organizations entities which are registered or have main offices in Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, or Palestinian organizations and entities which are connected to terror activities without written approval of SOI, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.


Jordan

© Royal Jordanian Geographic Centre

Mozambique

Certain Data for Mozambique provided by Cenacarta ©20XX by Cenacarta

Qatar

Point Addressing: ©The Centre for Geographic Information Systems – MMUP.

Réunion

source: © IGN 2009 - BD TOPO ®

South Africa

HERE Traffic for South Africa may not be used in commercial audio or video broadcast by TV or radio stations that operate TV or radio frequencies that can be received in South Africa.
This site provides products or services using data that has been modified for use from its original source, www.capetown.gov.za, the official website of the City of Cape Town.
The City of Cape Town makes no claims as to the content, accuracy, timeliness, or completeness of any of the data provided at this site.
The data provided at this site is subject to change at any time.
It is understood that the data provided at this site is being used at one’s own risk.

Tanzania

Contains modified content from http://opendata.go.tz/.

Turkey

This product uses the Zipcar API but is not endorsed or certified by Zipcar.
The following restriction is applicable to all of Middle East/Africa Territory:
A.
Respective Country Distribution.
You acknowledge that HERE has not received approvals to distribute map data in each respective country for (i) countries for which only Entry Maps (i.e., non-navigable two-dimensional tile maps) are made available from HERE, and (ii) the following countries for which Intermediate Maps (i.e., two-dimensional detailed vector maps) and/or Navigable Maps are available from HERE:
For&nbsp;Middle East/Africa Territory: Algeria, Angola, Benin, Guinea, Libya, Mali, Niger, South Sudan, Sudan (copies which contain data for Sudan may not be distributed in any manner within non-exempt areas of Sudan as defined by the United States Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control whether in connection with the distribution of an Application or otherwise), Syria, Togo, Yemen.
HERE may update such list from time to time.
The license rights granted to you under your agreement with respect to the location content for such countries are contingent upon your compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including, without limitation, any required licenses or approvals to distribute the product and/or service incorporating such location content in such respective countries.
&nbsp; Latin America 
Argentina

Contains KD Zones Data from TECHO, www.techo.org.ar &amp.
mapaasentamientos.com
Contains content licensed in accordance with Open Data Commons Attribution (ODC-By) v1.0, http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/by/1.0/ from the following sources: Centros Asistenciales de Salud (CAPS), and of Hospitales, List of streets and heights at Vincente Lopez published by (http://vicentelopez.opendata.junar.com/datasets/178230/listado-de-calles...).&nbsp;
Contains content licensed in accordance with Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0) from the following sources: Ministerio de Energía y Minería (http://datos.minem.gob.ar).
Municipalidad de Rosario, Buenos Aires (datos.rosario.gob.ar/search/field_topic/movilidad-26).
Portal de Datos Abiertos de la Provincia de Buenos Aires (http://catalogo.datos.gba.gob.ar/home).
Contains content of Municipality of General Pueyrredón, http://www.mardelplata.gob.ar/opendata , Licensed in accordance with Creative Commons 3.0 Unported, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode&nbsp.
- Date: 5 de Agosto de 2014
Contains data from Municipalidad De La Plata available at http://datos.laplata.gov.ar/ licensed under Datos Abiertos La Plata https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/pddl/1.0/
Contains copyrighted material from the following sources: Base de Asentamientos Humanos de la República Argentina - this source is a product created by Ministerio de Educación (Programa Nacional Mapa Educativo), Instituto Nacional de Estadísticas y Censos (INDEC) and Instituto Geográfico Nacional (http://www.ign.gob.ar/sig#sigign).
Subdirección de Cartografía y SIG – Provincia de Córdoba - Dirección General de Estadísticas y Censos http://estadistica.cba.gov.ar/Territorio/GeoPortal/tabid/564/language/es-AR/Default.aspx.
urBAsig, Dirección Provincial de Ordenamiento Urbano y Territorial.
Subs.
Gobierno y As.
Ms.
Ministerio de Gobierno, http://sig.gobierno.gba.gov.ar/urbasig/.
PROPERATI:&nbsp;http://properati.com.ar

Brazil

Instituto de Pesquisa e Planejamento Urbano de Curitiba- IPPUC
Traffic Patterns: © 2010 Porto Seguro
Contains data from ANHEMBI.
Contains data from&nbsp;https://geobases.es.gov.br/
Contains data from Centro de Estudos da Metropole available at http://www.fflch.usp.br/centrodametropole/631 licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0)
Data supplied by the City of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil&nbsp;http://www.data.rio/datasets/da00b15426b24eb6b08a646d58da7920_17&nbsp;
&nbsp;

Chile

Includes content licensed under https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/cl/legalcode from the following sources: Biblioteca del Congreso Nacional de Chile (https://www.bcn.cl/siit/actualidad-territorial/nueva-region-de-nuble).
Subsecretaría General De La Presidencia de Chile (http://datos.gob.cl/buscar?q=GTFS).
Contains content licensed in accordance with Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0) from the following sources: Ministerio Secretaría General de la Presidencia / Subsecretaría de Transporte (http://datos.gob.cl/dataset/feeds-gtfs-transporte-publico-punta-arenas/r...
http://datos.gob.cl/dataset/feeds-gtfs-transporte-publico-iquique/resour...
http://datos.gob.cl/dataset/feeds-gtfs-transporte-publico-coyhaique/reso...
http://datos.gob.cl/dataset/33245/resource/2e8c5b3e-85f5-40dc-8bea-0488d...
http://datos.gob.cl/dataset/feeds-gtfs-transporte-publico-copiapo/resour...).

Ecuador

Instituto Geografico Militar Del Ecuador Autorizacion N° IGM-2011-01- PCO-01 Del 25 De Enero DE 2011
Contains material adapted from Instituto Nacional de Estadistica y Censos, http://www.ecuadorencifras.gob.ec/clasificador-geografico-estadistico-dpa/ ) provided under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

Falkland Islands/Isla Malvinas

HERE distributes and sells the Falkland Islands/Islas Malvinas map data in English and Spanish versions.
You acknowledge that the English version shall not be distributed within Argentina.
The Spanish version of the map data, entitled Islas Malvinas, may be distributed within Argentina.

French Guiana

source: © IGN 2009 - BD TOPO ®
&nbsp;

Guadeloupe

source: © IGN 2009 - BD TOPO ®

Guatemala

Aprobado por el INSTITUTO GEOGRAFICO NACIONAL – Resolución del IGN No 186-2011

Martinique

source: © IGN 2009 - BD TOPO ®

Nicaragua

The Pacific Ocean and Caribbean Sea maritime borders have not been entirely defined.
Northern land border defined by the natural course of the Coco River (also known as Segovia River or Wangki River) corresponds to the source of information available at the moment of its representation.

Paraguay

Includes content licensed under http://informacionpublica.paraguay.gov.py/portal/#!/license gathered through the Portal Unificado de Información Pública from the following sources: Ministerio de Obras Públicas y Comunicaciones de Paraguay.
Municipality of Encarnación.
Municipality of Horqueta.
Data sources: Ministry of Public Health and Social Welfare available at http://datos.mspbs.gov.py/data/establecimientos&nbsp.
September 20, 2017

Uruguay

“Contains data from Catálogo de Datos Abiertos 2017 available at https://catalogodatos.gub.uy/ licensed under Creative Common 4.0 international http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/”
La Direccion Nacional de Catastro, http://catastro.mef.gub.uy
The following restriction is applicable to all of Latin America Territory:
A.
Respective Country Distribution.
You acknowledge that HERE has not received approvals to distribute map data in each respective country for (i) countries for which only Entry Maps (i.e., non-navigable two-dimensional tile maps) are made available from HERE, and (ii) the following countries for which Intermediate Maps (i.e., two-dimensional detailed vector maps) and/or Navigable Maps are available from HERE:
For Latin America Territory: Barbados, Cuba.
HERE may update such list from time to time.
The license rights granted to you under your agreement with respect to the location content for such countries are contingent upon your compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including, without limitation, any required licenses or approvals to distribute the product and/or service incorporating such location content in such respective countries.
&nbsp; Additional Content &nbsp;
The following terms shall apply to certain categories of additional location content:

2 D Footprints

"Copyright ©2014 City of Chicago, Illinois"

Fuel Prices

You are prohibited from using Fuel Prices content to create and display average fuel prices and you are further restricted from accessing or obtaining all or substantially all of the available Fuel Prices content at a single time.

Lonely Planet: Travel Guide

© [year] Lonely Planet Publications Pty Ltd.
All rights reserved.

Lonely Planet Trips

© [year] Lonely Planet Publications Pty Ltd.
All rights reserved.

Safety Cameras

Safety Cameras are provided for informational purposes only and may not be used to encourage, facilitate or support the violation of any laws.
Any usage or reliance on the Information by user shall be at the user’s own risk and sole responsibility.
No responsibility is assumed by the provider or its supplier for the use of the information by the user.
The following provision applies Safety Cameras for France:
This product should not be used without any additional features and displaying speed camera locations is not allowed.
If you want to include warning functionality in a navigation device, a certification by Infocert (http://infocert.org/ is required.

Satellite Imagery

The following provisions apply to the use of Satellite Imagery:

Satellite Imagery is made available for online use and viewing only and may not be downloaded or otherwise extracted for offline use in any capacity.
All use and display of Satellite Imagery must include the following copyright notice: ©20XX DigitalGlobe or ©CNES 2015, Distribution Airbus DS.
© 2015 DigitalGlobe


Scenic Routes

Information about byways was obtained by permission from www.byways.org

Toll Costs

Actual toll costs may vary from estimates depending upon a number of factors including inaccurate or imprecise source data and upon variable toll costs which are dependent upon vehicle characteristics (class, axle number, weight, etc.) that vary across toll roads.
Parking data is provided by Parkopedia Ltd. CONTENTS: Select
North America
Europe Territory
Asia Pacific Territory
Middle East/Africa Territory
Latin America
Additional Content
   End User License Agreement Effective date:&nbsp;08/03/2016 NOTE: THE TERMS SET FORTH BELOW APPLY ONLY TO COPIES OF HERE MAP DATA DISTRIBUTED FOR USE IN VEHICLE NAVIGATION SYSTEMS.
THIS EULA SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED TO APPLY TO YOUR USE OF HERE.COM OR ANY HERE MOBILE APPLICATIONS.
THIS IS A LICENSE AGREEMENT - AND NOT AN AGREEMENT FOR SALE - FOR YOUR COPY OF HERE MAP DATA AND/OR RELATED CONTENT, INCLUDING ANY ASSOCIATED MEDIA AND EXPLANATORY DOCUMENTATION PROVIDED TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THE DATA (COLLECTIVELY, THE “DATA”).
BY INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING THE DATA, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (“AGREEMENT”).
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MUST PROMPTLY RETURN THE DATA, ALONG WITH ALL OTHER ACCOMPANYING ITEMS, TO HERE OR YOUR SUPPLIER TO BE ELIGIBLE FOR A REFUND, WHICH SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE REQUIREMENTS FOR ELIGIBLE RETURNS OF HERE OR YOUR SUPPLIER.
TO CONTACT HERE, PLEASE VISIT www.here.com.
If your license to the Data was purchased directly from HERE, then the terms of this Agreement shall be between you and HERE, which shall mean (a) HERE North America, LLC if you are located in the Americas or Asia Pacific regions or (b) HERE Europe B.V.
if you are located in any other territory.
Please refer to your purchase confirmation for further details about the HERE entities.
If your license to the Data was obtained from any other supplier, then the terms provided to you in connection with such purchase shall apply, provided that such terms are no less restrictive and protective of the Data than the terms set forth herein.
If you did not receive notice of any terms applicable to the Data when obtained from another supplier, then the terms set forth in this Agreement shall be deemed to apply between you and your supplier. Ownership The Data and all copyrights and intellectual property or neighboring rights therein are owned by HERE and its licensors.
Ownership of any media on which the Data is contained is retained by HERE or your supplier until you have paid in full any amounts due to HERE or your supplier pursuant to this Agreement or any similar agreement under which the Data is provided to you. License Grant Your license to use the Data is non-exclusive and expressly limited to your personal use, or if you are acting on behalf of a business entity, use in your business’ internal operations.
This license is subject to compliance with the restrictions and limitations set forth herein and does not include the right to grant sub-licenses. Limitations on Use The Data is restricted for use in the specific system for which it was created.
Except to the extent explicitly permitted by mandatory laws, you may not extract or reutilize substantial parts of the contents of the Data, nor reproduce, copy, modify, adapt, translate, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer any portion of the Data.
The Data may not be used for service bureau, timesharing or other similar purposes.
If you reside in countries that are subject to the European Software Directive and wish to obtain interoperability information as meant in (the national laws based on) such Directive, you shall notify HERE and provide HERE with reasonable opportunity to provide said information on reasonable terms, including costs, to be determined by HERE.
The Data includes certain information and related content provided under license from third parties and is subject to the applicable supplier terms and copyright notices set forth at the following URL:
/terms/general-content-supplier/terms-and-notices. Transfer of&nbsp;License You may not transfer or resell the Data to third parties, except when installed in the system for which it was created or when you do not retain any copy of the Data, and provided that the recipient agrees to all terms and conditions of this Agreement and confirms this in writing to HERE.
Multi-disc sets may only be transferred or sold as a complete set as provided to you and not as a subset thereof. Warnings The Data may contain inaccurate or incomplete information due to the passage of time, changing circumstances, sources used and the nature of collecting comprehensive geographic data, any of which may lead to incorrect results.
The Data does not include or reflect information on - inter alia - travel time and may not include neighborhood safety.
law enforcement.
emergency assistance.
construction work.
road or lane closures.
road slope or grade.
bridge height, weight or other limits.
road conditions.
or special events depending on the navigation system brand that you possess. No&nbsp;Warranty THE DATA IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS", AND YOU AGREE TO USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK.
HERE AND/OR YOUR SUPPLIER (AND THEIR RESPECTIVE LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS) MAKE NO GUARANTEES, REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARISING BY LAW OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, CONTENT, QUALITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, EFFECTIVENESS, RELIABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, USEFULNESS, USE OR RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED FROM THE DATA, OR THAT THE DATA OR USE THEREOF WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. Disclaimer of&nbsp;Warranty TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LOCAL LAW, HERE AND/OR YOUR SUPPLIER (INCLUDING THEIR RESPECTIVE LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS) DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Limitations of&nbsp;Liability TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LOCAL LAW, HERE AND/OR YOUR SUPPLIER (INCLUDING THEIR RESPECTIVE LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS) SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND OR ACTION, IRRESPECTIVE OF THE NATURE OF THE CAUSE OF THE CLAIM, DEMAND OR ACTION ALLEGING ANY LOSS, INJURY OR DAMAGES, DIRECT OR INDIRECT, WHICH MAY RESULT FROM USE OR POSSESSION OF THE DATA.
OR FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, REVENUE, DATA, CONTRACTS OR SAVINGS, OR ANY OTHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE DATA, ANY DEFECT IN THE DATA, OR THE BREACH OF THESE TERMS OR CONDITIONS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR BASED ON A WARRANTY, EVEN IF HERE AND/OR YOUR SUPPLIER OR THEIR RESPECTIVE LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
This Agreement is not intended to and does not (a) change or exclude any statutory consumer rights that cannot be lawfully changed or excluded, or (b) limit or exclude any right that you may have against any other party if you did not purchase the Data directly from HERE.
Some jurisdictions do not allow certain liability exclusions, damage limitations, or disclaimers of warranty.
In no event shall HERE or your supplier be liable for damages in excess of the price that you paid for your copy of the Data. Returns For returns of Data purchased from HERE and delivered electronically, please refer to the ‘Cancellations and Refunds’ provisions in the HERE Service Terms.
For returns of Data purchased from HERE and delivered on physical media, please refer to the applicable terms made available at the time of purchase.
In the event that you wish to return Data purchased from another supplier, please refer to the applicable terms of purchase of your supplier for details. Compliance With Laws You agree to use the Data in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including local laws, rules and regulations of the country or region in which you reside or in which you obtain or use the Data.
You agree not to export from anywhere any part of the Data or any direct product thereof, except in compliance with, and with all licenses and approvals required under, applicable export laws, rules and regulations, including but not limited to the laws, rules and regulations administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S.
Department of Commerce and the Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S.
Department of Commerce.
To the extent that any such export laws, rules or regulations prohibit HERE or your supplier from complying with any of its obligations to deliver or distribute the Data, such failure shall be excused and shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement. Governing Law This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Illinois (for Data for the Americas and/or the Asia Pacific region) or The Netherlands (for Data for Europe, the Middle East and Africa), without giving effect to conflict of laws provisions, or the United Nations Convention for Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, which is explicitly excluded.
For any and all disputes, claims and actions arising from or in connection with the Data, you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of (a) the State of Illinois for claims related to Data for the Americas and/or the Asia Pacific region, and (b) The Netherlands for Data for Europe, the Middle East and/or Africa. Entire Agreement The terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, including any additional terms provided in connection with a purchase from any other supplier, constitute the entire agreement between HERE or your supplier (whichever is applicable) and you pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes in their entirety any and all written or oral agreements previously existing between HERE or your supplier and you with respect to such subject matter.
If any portion of this Agreement is found illegal or unenforceable, that portion shall be severed and the remainder of this Agreement shall be given full force and effect. U.S.
Government End Users If the Data is being acquired by or on behalf of the United States Government or any other entity seeking or applying rights similar to those customarily claimed by the United States Government, the Data is a "commercial item" as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R.
("FAR") 2.101, is licensed in accordance with this Agreement, and each copy of Data delivered or otherwise furnished shall be marked and embedded as appropriate with the following "Notice of Use", and be treated in accordance with such Notice:
NOTICE OF USE
CONTRACTOR (MANUFACTURER/ SUPPLIER) NAME:
HERE
CONTRACTOR (MANUFACTURER/SUPPLIER) ADDRESS:
425 West Randolph Street, Chicago, IL 60606
The Data is a commercial item as defined in FAR 2.101 and is subject to the terms set forth in this Agreement.
If the Contracting Officer, federal government agency, or any federal official refuses to use the legend provided herein, the Contracting Officer, federal government agency, or any federal official must notify HERE prior to seeking additional or alternative rights in the Data.
© 1987-2016 HERE.
All rights reserved. CONTENTS: Select
Ownership
License Grant
Limitations on Use
Transfer of&nbsp;License
Warnings
No&nbsp;Warranty
Disclaimer of&nbsp;Warranty
Limitations of&nbsp;Liability
Returns
Compliance With Laws
Governing Law
Entire Agreement
U.S.
Government End Users
   HERE Cookie Policy Effective date:&nbsp;25/05/2018 
HERE Cookie Policy


Cookies and how we use them

This policy details how HERE uses cookies and cookie-like files and technologies on its websites, e.g.
Local Shared Objects, also known as “Flash cookies”, web beacons etc.
We refer to these generically as “cookies”.

What are cookies and how do they work?

Cookies are small files that are sent to and stored in your computer by the websites you visit.
Cookies are stored in your browser’s file directory.
Next time you visit the site, your browser will read the cookie and relay the information back to the website or element that originally set the cookie.
To learn more about these technologies and how they work, please see e.g.
allaboutcookies.org.

Why does HERE use cookies?

At HERE domains, we use cookies to offer you a smoother experience, and for the purposes shown below.
View your options for managing cookies in the next chapter.
Our Privacy Policies, available at https://legal.here.com/ privacy, explain how we protect your privacy in our use of cookies and other information.

Basic functions

These cookies are essential for running our web sites and are the key to providing you a seamless experience.
You can navigate uninterrupted e.g.
by remembering language and country choices you’ve made and by preserving authentication to secure parts of the domain.
These cookies also remember products of interest when you are redirected to a payment site for a possible purchase.
Site and process improvement
These cookies enable us to improve our websites and business processes by looking at how our websites are used.
We do analytical profiling to understand e.g.
unique users reading a particular article (to know what is popular), if a video file was viewed or abandoned half way through, or the effectiveness of our recruitment campaigns.
We also look at where content is accessed so we know how to arrange our sites for optimal user experience.
We count clicks on “Like” and “Tweet” plugins and what content from our sites was shared or referenced.
We may conduct A/B testing on our websites.
Personalisation
These cookies help make the content as personalised as possible, for example by showing you targeted banners and relevant recommendations.
We examine what type of reference was used to reach our sites, e.g.
an email campaign or a link from a referral site, so we can estimate the effectiveness of our promotions and advertising campaigns.
We may also use pixel tracking to provide a reference ID from your purchase back to the site from where you were referred.
Advertising
We use these cookies to dynamically serve HERE ads on both HERE and selected third party websites.
Currently, we also host 3rd party advertising on HERE offerings through 24/7 Real Media, Facebook or MoPub.
These ads are not provided by HERE.
We may expand 3rd party advertising to other HERE sites and offerings in future.
&nbsp;
Our domains may also include elements that set cookies on behalf of a third party, e.g.
a “Like”-button from Facebook or a “Tweet”-button from Twitter.

What is our legal basis for processing your Personal Data?

Cookies and pixel tracking are set in our sites and offerings based on your consent.
You may also manage your cookie settings through your browser settings.

How can I manage cookies?


You can review the options available to manage cookies in your browser.
The browser can be used to manage cookies relating to basic functions, site improvement, personalisation and advertising. Different browsers use different ways to disable cookies, but they are usually found under a Tools or Options menu.
You can also consult the browser’s help menu.
In addition to cookie management, browsers usually let you control files similar to cookies, for example Local Shared Objects, e.g.
by enabling the browser’s privacy mode.
HERE uses third party vendor managed advertising cookies to promote its products in both HERE and non-HERE web sites.
You may be able to opt-out from certain third party managed advertising cookies through third party cookie management sites, such as DoubleClick, Google Analytics, 24/7 Real Media, Network Advertising Initiative, Adobe solutions and Adobe Flash.
Disabling cookies may prevent you from using certain parts of HERE websites.
If you delete your cookies from the browser, you may need to remember to re-install opt-out cookies.


How long do we keep the information?

It depends based on the type of cookies.
Session cookies expire when you close the browser.
Persistent cookies, including Local Shared Objects (“Flash cookies”), have typical expiration dates ranging from two months up to a couple of years.

Who is the controller of your Personal Data?

HERE Global B.V.
of Kennedyplein 222-226, 5611 ZT Eindhoven, Netherlands is the controller of your personal data.

What else should you know?

HERE may from time to time change this Policy.
However, if this Policy is changed in a material, adverse way, HERE will post a notice advising of such change at the beginning of this Policy and on this site's home page.
We recommend that you re-visit this Policy from time to time to learn of any such changes to this Policy.
If you have additional questions, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer, Henri Kujala, by writing to:
HERE Global B.V&nbsp;
c/o Privacy
Kennedyplein 222-226
5611 ZT Eindhoven
Netherlands
Email: privacy@here.com   Service Terms Effective date:&nbsp;04/12/2015 1.
Acceptance These HERE Service Terms together with the Privacy Policy and all other additional terms and information that may be provided within the Service (collectively “Terms”) govern your use of the service, site, content and software (collectively the "Service").
By registering for or using the Service or any portion of it you accept the Terms.
The Terms constitute an agreement between you and HERE Global B.V.
, Kennedyplein 222-226, 5611 ZT Eindhoven, Netherlands, including its affiliates and suppliers (collectively “HERE”), defining your and HERE’s rights and responsibilities with respect to the Service. 2.
Eligibility To use the Service, you must be at least thirteen (13) years of age.
If you are under thirteen (13) years of age, or at least thirteen (13) years of age but a minor where you live, you must have your parent or legal guardian accept your registration on your behalf and approve your use of the Service.
Anyone completing the registration must be legally competent. 3.
Registration and Termination To use a Service you may need to register and create a HERE account with username and a password.
You may need to provide us with certain personal and other information.
HERE may verify your email address before account can be used.
You agree to provide truthful and complete information when you register for the Service and to keep that information updated.
You must take due care to protect your username and password against misuse by others and promptly notify HERE about any misuse.
You, and your parent or legal guardian if you are a minor, are personally responsible for any use of the Service.
You may terminate your registration if you no longer wish to use the Service.
After termination, you will no longer have access to the Service.
HERE may terminate your registration or restrict your access to certain parts of the Service if HERE reasonably believes that you have breached the Terms or with prior notice if you have not signed into the Service with your username in the past six (6) months.
Except as set forth in the Privacy Policy, HERE is not responsible for any removal or loss of the information or content you have submitted to the Service.
When information or content is removed from the Service by either you or HERE, traces or copies may still remain elsewhere. 4.
Licenses HERE grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable license, revocable at any time at HERE’s sole discretion, to access and use the Service strictly in accordance with the Terms.
Use of the Service does not grant you any intellectual property rights in or to any information or content in the Service.
As part of the Service, HERE may provide you with content developed by HERE or its licensors (“Content”).
HERE grants you a non-exclusive and perpetual license to use Content for the purpose it is intended, unless otherwise defined in the applicable Terms or the purchase order.
Some Content may only be available to residents of certain geographical areas.
You are bound by any restrictions applicable to specific Content you obtain through the Service.
Any license acquired to third-party Content is a binding agreement between you and the third-party Content provider.
You have only the rights to the Content which are expressly granted here.

As part of the Service, HERE may provide you with certain software developed by HERE or, its licensors (“Software”).
Your use of Software may be subject to separate terms and conditions that you must accept before using the Software.
If there are no separate terms and conditions applicable to such Software, the following terms apply: HERE grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to install and use the Software on your computer and/or mobile device.
You may not copy the Software, except to make a single archival backup copy.
You may not distribute, transfer the right to use, modify, translate, reproduce, resell, sublicense, rent, lease, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of or make derivative works of the Software.
For open source licensed software, applicable open source license terms apply.
The Software maybe subject to export controls under the U.S.
Export Administration Regulations and other import or export control regulations.
You agree to strictly comply with all applicable import and export regulations and acknowledge that you have the responsibility to obtain licenses to export, re-export, transfer, or import such Software.
You may be able to submit information or content (“Material”) to the Service.
HERE does not claim ownership in your Material.
Your submission of Material does not transfer ownership of rights of the Material to HERE.
HERE is only transmitting the Material and is not responsible for editorial control over it.
By submitting Material to the Service you grant HERE a world-wide, non-exclusive, sub-licensable, assignable, fully paid-up, royalty-free, perpetual and irrevocable license to use, copy, publicly perform, display, distribute in any media and modify the Material to incorporate the Material into other works, and to grant similar sublicenses to the extent necessary for HERE to provide the Service.
You may be able to adjust this grant in the privacy and other settings of the Service.
You are solely responsible for taking backup copies of the data you store on the Service, including Content you upload.
If the Service is discontinued or canceled, HERE may permanently delete your data.
HERE has no obligation to return data to you after the Service is discontinued or canceled. 5.
Using the Service You agree to:
· Comply with applicable laws, the Terms and good manners;
· Use the Service only for your personal, non-commercial purposes;
· Not submit unlawful, offensive, inaccurate, misleading, abusive, pornographic, harassing, libelous or otherwise inappropriate Material;
· Obtain any consents, permission or licenses that may be legally required for you to submit any Material;
· Respect the privacy of others;
· Not distribute or post spam, unreasonably large files, chain letters, pyramid schemes, viruses.
or
· Not use any other technologies or initiate other activities that may harm the Service, or the interest or property of the Service users.
· Not to use any automated systems or means to access, acquire, copy or monitor any part of the service.
· Be responsible for the consequences related to the Material that you post
HERE may but has no obligation to:
· Monitor or moderate any Content or Material;
· Remove any Material from the Service.
and
· Restrict access to any part of the Service at any time in its sole discretion. 6.
Content Before downloading or accessing any Content, please check whether the Content which you wish to access is restricted by age or marked as potentially ‘offensive’ or ‘explicit’.
HERE shall not be responsible for any claims or offense caused or suffered by you accessing such Content.
You agree:
· To use the Content only for your personal, non-commercial purposes;
· To use the Content in accordance with the restrictions set out in the applicable laws, additional terms, guidelines and policies or on the product pages that apply to that particular piece of the Content;
· Not to make copies, give, sell, resell, loan, rent, offer, broadcast, send, distribute, transfer, communicate to the public, reproduce, modify, display, perform, commercially exploit or make the Content available unless otherwise authorized in the applicable Terms and to advise HERE promptly of any such unauthorized use;
· Not to remove, circumvent, reverse engineer, decrypt, or otherwise alter or interfere with any applicable usage rules or attempt to circumvent digital rights management or copy protection features associated with the Content or any other technologies used to control the access to or use of the Content or its identifying information;
· Not to use any automated systems or means, except for those provided by us, for the selection or downloading of the Content;
· Not to give out your password or otherwise allow other people to access the Content.
The restrictions on copying that apply to applicable media also apply to the Content accessed as part of this Service.
The Content is owned and/or controlled by HERE and/or its respective licensors and is protected by intellectual property laws.
The third party Content provider is solely responsible for any Content it provides, any warranties to the extent that such warranties have not been disclaimed and for any claims you may have relating to that Content or your use of that Content.
However, HERE may enforce the third party Content license terms against you as a third party beneficiary of those terms.
The third party Content providers are third-party beneficiaries under these Terms and may enforce the provisions that directly concern the Content in which they have rights.
HERE may be acting as an agent for third party Content provider in providing the Content to you.
HERE is not a party to the transaction between you and the third party Content provider for such Content. 7.
Allegations of Copyright Infringement You may notify HERE of copyright infringement on the Service by providing notice (a) by email with “Copyright Notification” in the subject line to copyright.notices@HERE.com, (b) by a document titled “Copyright Notification” mailed to HERE North America LLC, Attn: Copyright Agent, 425 W.
Randolph Street, Chicago, Illinois 60606, USA or (c) via the online form, if available.
Your notice must:
(1) identify the original copyrighted work you claim is infringed;
(2) identify the content on the Service that you claim is infringing the copyrighted work.
Please provide enough detail for HERE to locate the allegedly infringing content on the Service;
(3) provide your contact information, including your full name, mailing address, telephone number, and email address, if available;
(4) provide a statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the content in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
(5) provide this statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification and complaint is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner of an exclusive right that is infringed.".
and
(6) provide your signature, as applicable. 8.
Notices HERE may post notices within the Service.
HERE may also send you notices about products and Services to the email address or telephone number you have provided to us.
You are deemed to have received such notices at the latest within seven (7) days from HERE sending or posting those.
Your continued use of the Services constitutes your receipt of all notices regardless of delivery method. 9.
Fees Your use of the Service may be or may become subject to charges.
Any fees charged by HERE will be announced separately in connection with the Service.

Use of the Service may involve transmission of data through your service provider’s network.
Prices listed within the Service do not include possible data transmission, text message, voice or other service provision charges by your network service provider.
HERE assumes no responsibility for the payment of any charges of your service providers. 10.
Order and Payment Terms "Order" shall mean the selection of payable Content and/or subscription to Content offered by HERE and available in the Service and submission of payment method, as well as submitting the order by selecting the "buy", "ok", "I accept" or other similar confirmation of acceptance in the order flow or providing other indication of acceptance terms that are presented to you in the order flow.
To place an Order within the Service, you must have reached the age of legal competence according to the applicable legislation.
If you have not reached the age of legal competence, you may place Orders only with the prior consent of your parent or legal guardian.
You agree that all Orders shall be legally valid and binding.
All Orders are subject to acceptance by HERE.
You may pay by credit or debit card, network service provider billing, or other payment methods if available.
Your credit or debit card must have a billing address in the country where the Content is offered by the Service.
HERE will charge your credit card or debit your bank account within a reasonable time after you have made your Order.
All credit card payments are subject to validation checks and authorization by the card issuer.
If you choose network service provider billing, charges will appear on your mobile phone bill or be deducted from your prepaid account if it is a prepaid account.
Some network service providers may subject your usage of the Service to additional terms and conditions including placing limits on the amount of charges possible with network service provider billing.
Charges in excess of network service provider limits or account balance may be rejected.
You agree to pay the charges related to your Order, to ensure that the instrument of payment is valid at the time of the Order, that you are the rightful holder of the instrument and that the instrument is used within its credit limits.
The Content that is delivered is licensed to you.
You agree to use such Content solely as permitted in these Terms and in any additional terms that you may be presented in the order flow.
The Service may offer subscriptions.
You authorize the Service to place a periodical charge during the period of the subscription.
The Service may also offer a trial period.
If your Order involves a trial period (also known as try-and-buy), you may be charged when the trial period expires, unless you cancel in accordance with the subscription/trial terms.
The prices in the Service may change from time to time.
Prices include applicable taxes in effect at the time of your transaction, unless otherwise stated.
There may be instances where you incur additional charges from your bank or credit card provider based on currency conversion rates used and/or additional fees assessed.
HERE assumes no responsibility for the payment of bank or any other third party service fees or charges. 11.
Cancellations and Refunds You agree to the electronic delivery of Content being initiated concurrently with the placement of your Order.
You will not be able to cancel your Order once it has been processed.
The nature of the Content is such that it cannot be returned.
In the event that after your Order you discover and promptly inform HERE within 48 hours that (a) the Content you have ordered is faulty.
(b) the Content HERE delivers to you does not match the description of the Content you ordered via the Service.
or (c) technical problems delayed or prevented delivery of your Content or accidental multiple orders caused by such technical problems, your sole and exclusive remedy with respect to such Content will be either replacement of such Content, or refund of the price paid for such Content, as determined solely by HERE.
Otherwise, no refunds are available.
If you encounter any of the above issues, please contact HERE Customer Support.
Please note that HERE may not be able to process your customer support request if you are unable to provide your transaction ID, which is provided to you by HERE following your Order from the Service.
HERE may only process refunds for Content where the total price is above the monetary limit stipulated in applicable local legislation. 12.
Feedback to HERE By submitting any ideas, feedback and/or proposals ("Feedback") to HERE through the Service or other means, you acknowledge and agree that: (1) HERE may have similar development ideas to the Feedback.
(2) your Feedback does not contain confidential or proprietary information of you or any third party.
(3) HERE is not under any obligation of confidentiality with respect to the Feedback.
(4) HERE may freely use, distribute, exploit and further develop and modify Feedback for any purpose.
and (5) you are not entitled to any compensation of any kind from HERE. 13.
Social Activities and Location Sharing You may use features in the Service to share your location, status, content, Materials or personal information or to interact with other users, sites and services.
By using these features you agree that HERE may use and provide that information to other services and persons with whom you choose to interact or share this information.
Users of these services and persons, such as your contacts, may see your location, status and/or personal information.
In using these features you agree not to share information, Content or Material or to link to any service or site that: (a) contains content or other material that is illegal or inappropriate.
or (b) exploits intellectual property rights without authorization or encourages users to piracy.
Any interaction does not involve HERE and is solely between you and the other user(s). 14.
Availability and Technical Requirements The availability of Content and the Service may vary and is subject to HERE’s sole discretion.
HERE expressly disclaims any representation or warranty that any particular Content or Service will be available.
The Service may not be available in all countries and may be provided only in selected languages.
The Service, operations and some features may also be dependent on the network, compatibility of the devices used and the content formats supported.
To access the Service, you may need to download a specific piece of software developed by HERE or by another party.
HERE may, in its sole discretion, change, correct or discontinue the Service in whole or in part.
The Service may not be available during maintenance breaks and other times.
To ensure you have the latest HERE device software and applications, your device may automatically check for the availability of software updates from HERE.
If any are detected you will be prompted to approve the installation.
You may disable automatic checking for updates through settings in your device.
You may also install software through available software update channels.
If HERE considers a Software update to be important or critical you may not continue using the previous version of the Software.
HERE may prevent your use of the previous version of the Software or Service until you install the update.
HERE may disable any Content or Software contained in your Service account for any reason and remove any Content or Software and/or disable copies of any application on your device in order to protect the Service, application providers, wireless carriers over whose network you access the service or any other affected or potentially affected parties.
A particular service may be a pre-release version, for example a beta release, and may not work in the way a final version works.
HERE may significantly change any version of Service or Software or decide not to release a final version. 15.
Links to Third Party Sites and Content HERE may include access to sites and services on the Internet or preloaded clients that enable you to interact with sites and services that are owned or operated by third parties and that are not part of the Service.
You must review and agree to the terms and conditions of these sites or services before using these sites or services.
HERE has no control over the third party content, sites or services and assumes no responsibility for services provided or material created or published on these third-party sites or services.
A link to a third-party site does not imply that HERE endorses the site or the products or services referenced in the site.
In addition, you and other users may create content and links to content within the Service that has not otherwise been submitted to the Service.
HERE is not responsible for this type of content or links. 16.
Advertisements The Service may include advertisements.
Advertisements may be targeted to the content or information stored on the Service, queries made through the Service, or other information. 17.
Personal Data The Privacy Policy and any additional privacy information made available to you govern the use of your personal data. 18.
Limitation of Liability The Service is provided on “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis.
HERE does not warrant that the Service will be uninterrupted or error or virus-free.
No warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose, is made in relation to the availability, accuracy, reliability, information or content of the Service.
You expressly agree and acknowledge that the use of the Service is at your sole risk and that you may be exposed to content from various sources.
Except for liability for death or personal injury caused by its gross negligence or intentional misconduct, HERE is not liable for any direct damages caused by your use or inability to use the Service.
In no case will HERE be liable for any indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages resulting from your use or inability to use the Service. 19.
Indemnification You agree to defend and indemnify HERE from and against all third party claims and all liabilities, assessments, losses, costs or damages resulting from or arising out of (i) your breach of the Terms, (ii) your infringement or violation of any intellectual property rights, other rights or privacy of a third party, or (iii) misuse of the Service by a third party where the misuse was made possible by your failure to take reasonable measures to protect your username and password against misuse. 20.
Miscellaneous 
20.1 Choice of Law The Terms are governed by the laws of the Netherlands without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. 20.2 Validity The Terms neither exclude nor limit any of your mandatory rights in your country of residence that cannot by law be waived.
If a provision of the Terms is found to be invalid, the remaining provisions will not be affected and the invalid provision will be replaced with a valid provision that comes closest to the result and purpose of the Terms.
In the event one or more provisions of these Terms are not relevant to your use of the Service, it shall not impact the validity or enforceability of any other provision of the Terms or the Terms as a whole.
If there is any conflict between these HERE Service Terms and the Privacy Policy, the provisions of these HERE Service Terms prevail.
The provisions of the Terms that are intended to survive termination of your registration remain valid after termination. 20.3 Changes in Terms HERE may modify the Terms at any time without prior notice.
If the Terms are changed in a material, adverse way, HERE will provide a separate notice advising of the change.
You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms.
Your continued use of the Service constitutes your consent to any changes and modification. 21.
Intellectual Property The Service, Content and Software are protected under international copyright laws.
HERE claims copyrights in its Service, Content, and Software to the maximum extent of the law.
Subject to the Terms, HERE retains all right, title and interest in the Service, its Content, the Software and in all other HERE products, software and other properties provided to you or used by you through the Service. 22.
Assignment HERE may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms to its corporate parent, its subsidiaries, or to any company under common control with HERE.
Additionally, HERE may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms to a third party in connection with a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, by operation of law or otherwise.   HERE Information Security Intent Effective date:&nbsp;01/01/2017 HERE keeps Information Security at the forefront of our services.
In doing so, HERE leverages best practices in our Development and Production environments.
HERE is successfully sustaining a high level of performance securing our environments via systematically implementing and maintaining certification globally of ISO/IEC 27001 – Information Security Management.&nbsp;(https://www.iso.org/isoiec-27001-information-security.html)
HERE respects your privacy.
Details about HERE privacy policy and compliance can be found at&nbsp;http://www.here.com/privacy. Reporting Security Issues and Concerns 
To report a security incident or to submit a vulnerability report for a HERE service, please consider reading the Vulnerability research and incident reporting section below and contact&nbsp;security(at)here.com.
To file an abuse report for a HERE service or a HERE owned domain or IP address space, please read the Reporting abuse section below and contact&nbsp;abuse(at)here.com.
To file an authority request, please read the Authority requests section below and contact&nbsp;authority.request(at)here.com.
Vulnerability Research and Incident Reporting HERE recognizes and supports responsible vulnerability research and disclosure.
While we encourage responsible vulnerability research and incident reporting, attempt to exploit a vulnerability with malicious intent is an unlawful action and is subject to legal prosecution by law enforcement agencies.
Vulnerability research should not impact normal service activity.
Extraction of data beyond minimum required to demonstrate a vulnerability (e.g.
database version and one table structure), or testing of DoS (Denial of Service) scenarios are prohibited and will be considered as malicious activity.
Performing research activities should not involve automated tools and utilities.
All tests should be executed using researchers own accounts if applicable with no impact to other service users. Responsible Disclosure Vulnerability reports should include detailed technical description of the vulnerability and steps required to reproduce erroneous behavior in plain text.
Screenshots (jpeg/png) and traffic dumps (tpcdump compatible pcap) are accepted as additional information.
Vulnerability reports should not include links to external resources or malicious code designed to compromise data of a person verifying the vulnerability. Public Disclosure As part of coordinated disclosure, public disclosure is allowed 90 days after HERE acknowledges acceptance of the report or after the bug is fixed and verified by the reporter.
Exception to this 90-day rule are issues where proper fix is by no means possible for HERE or where HERE and the researcher agree on longer response time.
Public disclosure may include only technical information regarding vulnerability.
Any additional information that is not required for understanding the vulnerability should be excluded out of public disclosure. Reporting Abuse Abuse reports should include detailed information describing cause of the report.
Information should include the origin of malicious traffic in the case that the abuse report is filed for HERE domains or address spaces, or link to content if the abusive content is published somewhere within HERE services.
If the access to abusive content is limited and requires specific actions to be executed – steps to reproduce access to the abusive content should be included in the report.
A report should written in plain text with supporting screenshots (jpeg/png) where applicable.
Plain text log files are accepted as additional information. Authority Requests Law enforcement officials seeking information from HERE services, should file an official request.
Authority request should describe the cause of request, name of issuing law enforcement organization, identification (badge number or ID) of the law enforcement agent in charge of the request and direct contact phone number.
The request should be coming from a law-enforcement domain.
The request should have a precise description of what type of information is requested since the HERE organization is unable to process broad or vague requests. CONTENTS: Select
Reporting Security Issues and Concerns
Vulnerability Research and Incident Reporting
Responsible Disclosure
Public Disclosure
Reporting Abuse
Authority Requests
   Privacy Policy Effective date:&nbsp;25/05/2018 
WE CARE ABOUT YOUR PRIVACY

HERE Global B.V., including its affiliates (“HERE”), is committed to respect your privacy and to comply with applicable data protection and privacy laws.
This privacy policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect and use personal data where HERE is the data controller or where we refer to the applicability of this Policy.
“Personal data” means information relating to you or another identifiable individual.
We will give you additional privacy information that is specific to a product or service in Supplements to this Policy and other notices you may see while using our products or services.
If there is a difference between such notices and this Policy, the notices should be considered first.
Software on your device may access your information.
Our products or services may contain links to, or may be embedded within, other companies’ websites and services that have privacy policies of their own.
Where our products or services are embedded to products and services of our customers, we require our customers to provide necessary transparency to you.
This might include linking to this Policy and the relevant Supplements, or providing the transparency in integrated and embedded notices which identify us as the service provider or controller.

If you do not agree with this Policy, do not use our products and services or provide HERE with your personal data.


What information do we collect?

We collect your personal data and other information when you make a purchase, use or register into our products and services (including navigation.com stores, which are branded by Original Equipment Manufacturers (“OEMs”) and operated by us), take part in campaigns or research or otherwise interact with us.
This includes following categories:

Product and service activations

HERE products and services may require electronic activation, where your device and application type, as well as unique device, application, network and subscription identifiers are sent to HERE.

Use of products and services

When you access our services online, our web servers automatically create records of your visit.
These records typically include IP-address, access times, the sites linked from, pages visited, the links and features used, the content viewed or requested, browser or application type, language and other such information.
See also our Cookie policy.
Our applications may contact our servers periodically, for example to check for updates or to send us information relating to service usage.
Additionally, we may invite you to join voluntary product and service improvement or research programs where detailed information is collected.
See Supplements to this Policy for more details.

Information you provide us with

When you create an account, make a purchase, request services, participate in research or campaigns or otherwise interact with us, we may ask for information such as your name, email address, phone number, street address, user names and passwords, feedback, information relating to your devices, age, gender, and language, bank account number, credit card details and other such financial information.
We also maintain records of your consents, preferences and settings relating to, for example, location data, marketing and sharing of personal data.

Your transactions with us

We maintain records of your purchases, downloads, the content you have provided us with, your requests, agreements between you and HERE, the products and services provided to you, payment and delivery details, your contacts and communications and other interactions with us.
We may, in accordance with applicable law, record your communication with our customer care or with other such contact points.

Positioning and Location data

Location-based services establish location through the use of satellite, mobile, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth Low Energy (“BLE”) or other network based positioning methods.
These technologies may involve exchanging your location data and unique device and mobile, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, or other network related identifiers with HERE.
Our products may operate on multiple device platforms, applications and services which may also collect your location data.
We do not use this information to identify you personally without your consent.
When you use our location based services and features, for example location based search, navigation and routing, or request for map data, your location data is sent to HERE to serve you with the right content, which may also include location based advertising.

Information provided by partners 

We obtain information from industry partners and a variety of other sources, including publicly available sources such as business registries.
We require these sources to comply with applicable laws with regard to collecting and transferring this data to us, including ensuring that there is a legal basis for the transfer or anonymizing the data in accordance with applicable laws prior to disclosure of the data to us.

Why do we process Personal Data?

HERE may process your personal data for the following purposes.
One or more purposes may apply simultaneously.

Providing products and services

We may use your personal data to provide you with our products and services, to process your requests or as otherwise may be necessary to perform the contract between you and HERE, to ensure the functionality and security of our products and services, to identify you as well as to prevent and investigate fraud and other misuses.

Accounts

Some services may require an account to help you manage your content and preferences.
Depending on the service, an account creation may be either required or voluntary.
Account creation requires you to provide us with basic contact details about yourself, such as name, email address, country of residence and date of birth.
You may also be able to voluntarily provide more information about yourself while creating a profile, such as a photo or avatar of your choice.

Developing and managing products and services

We may use your personal data to develop and manage our products, services, customer care, sales and marketing.
We may combine personal data collected in connection with your use of a particular HERE product and/or service with other personal data we may have about you, unless such personal data was collected for a purpose, where the original purpose is incompatible with this purpose.

Communicating with you

We may use your personal data to communicate with you, for example to inform you that our services have changed or to send you critical alerts and other such notices relating to our products and/or services and to contact you for customer care related purposes.

Marketing, advertising and making recommendations

We may contact you to inform you of new products, services or promotions we may offer and to conduct market research when we have your consent or it is otherwise allowed.
We may use your personal data to personalize our offering and to provide you with more relevant services, for example, to make recommendations and to display customized content and advertising in our services.
This may include displaying HERE and third party content.

What is our legal basis for processing your Personal Data?

Our legal basis for processing your personal data is dependent on the purpose for processing and may vary as described in the Supplement applicable to the product or service you are using.
In general, we process your personal data under the following legal bases:

Performance of a contract with you

We process your personal data to perform our obligations under the Service Terms applicable to the product or service you are using, provided by us or our customers.
Our Service Terms are available at https://legal.here.com/terms.

Your consent

We process your personal data if you have consented to the processing activity.
You may revoke your consent at any time.
Doing so will bar us from further processing of your personal data based on your consent, but will not impact the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before it was withdrawn.
Some of the features of our products and services might be only available based on consent.

Legal obligations

We process your personal data as needed to comply with laws and regulations.

Legitimate interests

We process your personal data to further our legitimate interests, such as in connection with managing, developing, testing, securing, and in limited circumstances marketing, advertising, and making recommendations regarding our products and services.
Any such processing is conducted subject to appropriate measures to protect your fundamental rights and freedoms related to your personal data, and in any event will be subject to the restrictions provided in this Policy.
Further information or specification of our legitimate interests may be provided in relevant Supplements applicable to the product or service.
&nbsp;How long do we retain Personal Data?

We endeavor to only collect personal data that are necessary for the purposes for which they are collected, and to retain such data for no longer than is necessary for such purposes.
The length of time personal data is retained, and criteria for determining that time, are dependent on the nature of the personal data and the purpose for which it was provided.
For example, for your personal data related to managing your account (such as name, email address, and account content and preferences) are maintained for as long as they are retained by you within your account.
Other data, such as records of your activity within the application, are typically maintained only for a short period before being anonymized or pseudonymized.
Additional information may be provided in the Supplement applicable to the product or service you are using.
You may contact the HERE Privacy Office at privacy@HERE.com to obtain additional information about retention of your personal data.

Do we share Personal Data?

We do not sell, lease, rent or otherwise disclose your personal data to third parties unless otherwise stated below.

Your consent and social sharing services

We may share your personal data if we have your consent to do so.
Some services may allow you to share your personal data with other users of the service or with other services and their users.
Please consider carefully before disclosing any personal data or other information that might be accessible to other users.

HERE companies and authorized third parties

We may share your personal data with other HERE companies or authorized third parties who process personal data for HERE for the purposes described in this Policy.
This may include for example billing through your network service provider or otherwise, delivery of your purchases, providing services including customer service, managing and analyzing consumer data, credit checks, conducting research and managing marketing and other such campaigns.
When you purchase a HERE product from us with a network service provider plan, we may need to exchange information with your network service provider to provide you with such service.
We may conduct joint marketing and other communications with our partners, for example your mobile operator.
To avoid duplicate or unnecessary communications and to tailor the message to you we may need to match information that HERE has collected with information that the partner has collected where this is permitted by law.
These authorized third parties are not permitted to use your personal data for any other purposes.
We bind them contractually, require them to act consistently with this Policy and to use appropriate security measures to protect your personal data.

International transfers of personal data

Our products and services may be provided using resources and servers located in various countries around the world.
Therefore your personal data may be transferred across international borders outside the country where you use our services, including to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) that do not have laws providing specific protection for personal data or that have different legal rules on data protection, for example, the United States of America.
In such cases we ensure that there is a legal basis for such a transfer and that adequate protection for your personal data is provided as required by applicable law, for example, by using standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission or relevant authorities (where necessary) and by requiring the use of other appropriate technical and organizational information security measures.
You may contact the HERE Privacy Office at privacy@HERE.com to obtain additional information about the safeguards we take in connection with these transfers.
A copy of the unchangeable Standard Contractual Clauses can be accessed at https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-o....

Mandatory disclosures

We may be obligated by mandatory law to disclose your personal data to certain authorities or other third parties, for example, to law enforcement agencies in the countries where we or third parties acting on our behalf operate.
We may also disclose and otherwise process your personal data in accordance with applicable law to defend HERE’s legitimate interests, for example, in legal proceedings or in connection with governmental requests and filings.

Mergers and Acquisitions

If we decide to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize our businesses in certain countries, this may involve us disclosing personal data to prospective or actual purchasers and their advisers, or receiving personal data from sellers and their advisers.

How do we address the privacy of children?

HERE products and services are typically intended for general audiences.
HERE does not knowingly collect information of children without the consent of their parents or guardians.
HERE publishes safety guidelines for using internet services in our websites.

How do we address Data Quality?

We take reasonable steps to keep the personal data we possess accurate and to delete incorrect or unnecessary personal data.
We encourage you to access your personal data through your account from time to time to ensure that it is up to date.

What steps are taken to safeguard Personal Data?

Privacy and security are key considerations in the creation and delivery of our products and services.
We have assigned specific responsibilities to address privacy and security related matters.
We enforce our internal policies and guidelines through an appropriate selection of activities, including proactive and reactive risk management, security and privacy engineering, training and assessments.
We take appropriate steps to address online security, physical security, risk of data loss and other such risks taking into consideration the risk represented by the processing and the nature of the data being protected.
Also, we limit access to our data bases containing personal data to authorized persons having a justified need to access such information.

How do we use Cookies and Web Beacons?

HERE uses cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies to operate and improve our websites and offerings.
We also use cookies for personalization and to display ads.
Some HERE websites use third party advertising technologies, such as DoubleClick, to serve ads.
Our domains may include third party elements that set cookies on behalf of a third party, for example relating to third party social network.
Please visit our Cookie policy to find out more about how HERE uses cookies and how you can disable cookies by browser settings or otherwise.

What are your rights?

You have a right to know what personal data we hold about you, and to access it.
You have a right to have incomplete, incorrect, unnecessary or outdated personal data updated.
You have the right to request that your personal data be erased, and to obtain a copy of your data in a machine-readable format.
You have the right to object to or restrict processing in certain circumstances, such as where you believe the data is inaccurate or the processing activity is unlawful.
You have a right to unsubscribe from direct marketing messages and to request that we stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes or on other compelling legal grounds.
However, if you opt-out from marketing and other communications from HERE, critical alerts may still be sent to you.
If you are located in a European Union member state or within the European Economic Area, you have the right to lodge a complaint about our data collection and processing activities with the supervisory authority concerned.
You may exercise your rights by contacting us or by managing your account and choices through available profile management tools on your device and our services.
In some cases, especially if you wish us to delete or stop processing your personal data, this may also mean that we may not be able to continue to provide the services to you.
Applicable data protection law may provide certain restrictions on the extent to which these rights may be exercised.
If a restriction applies, we will respond to your request with an explanation of what action will be taken, to the extent required under applicable data protection law.

Who is the controller of your Personal Data?

HERE Global B.V.
of Kennedyplein 222 -226, 5611 ZT Eindhoven, Netherlands is the controller of your personal data.
In addition, the HERE affiliate providing the product or service may be a controller of your personal data.
You may find the identity of the controller and its contact details by reviewing the terms and conditions of such a product or service or by using contact information provided in the applicable HERE websites.
In matters pertaining to HERE’s privacy practices you may contact our Data Protection Officer, Henri Kujala, at:


HERE Global B.V
c/o Privacy
Kennedyplein 222 -226
5611 ZT Eindhoven
Netherlands
Email: privacy@here.com

Changes to this Privacy Policy

HERE may from time to time change this Policy or change, modify or withdraw access to this site at any time with or without notice.
However, if this Policy is changed in a material, adverse way, HERE will post a notice advising of such change at the beginning of this Policy and on this site's home page for 30 days.
We recommend that you re-visit this Policy from time to time to learn of any such changes to this Policy.
&nbsp; 