 HQ CONTEST OFFICIAL RULES
NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN.
The HQ Application (the "Contest") is sponsored by Intermedia Labs, Inc.
("Sponsor").
The Contest is not sponsored, endorsed, administered by, or associated with Apple Inc.
or its subsidiaries or affiliates.
THE CONTEST IS VOID WHERE PROHIBITED OR RESTRICTED BY LAW OR WHERE BONDING, REGISTRATION, OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD BE REQUIRED BUT HAVE NOT BEEN MET, OR WHERE THE METHODS OF ENTRY SET FORTH BELOW WOULD BE DEEMED CONSIDERATION.
ALL APPLICABLE FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL LAWS APPLY.

ELIGIBILITY:

Subject to these Official Rules, the Contest is open to individual persons who are at least 18 years old as of the date of entry.
To be eligible to receive a Prize (as defined below), the information associated with the entrant’s account must be true and accurate.
The information associated with the entrant’s account must identify the actual entrant into the Contest.
In order to facilitate the delivery of a Prize (as defined below), HQ may attempt to contact the winner using the phone number provided during account registration.
If HQ cannot get in contact with the winner using that phone number, the winner may forfeit his/her Prize.
Certain Contests are only open to residents of specific countries.
Any person that enters into a Contest that he/she is not eligible to enter may not win a Prize (as defined below) in that Contest.
Employees, agents, and contractors (collectively, "employees") of Sponsor and its respective parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and advertising and promotion agencies and any other entity involved in the development or administration of this Contest, and all persons residing in the same households as employees, including but not limited to immediate family members are not eligible to win the Contest while the employee is employed or engaged by Sponsor and for six months following the employee’s last day working with or for Sponsor.
Entrants may, in certain circumstances, communicate with, work with, or otherwise benefit from others with whom they have a preexisting relationship while participating in a Contest.
However, entrants may not communicate with, work with, or otherwise benefit from more than 25 other persons while entering a Contest if the communications between the entrant and those persons is facilitated by any technological means other than those explicitly provided by Sponsor.
HQ reserves the right to verify an entrant’s eligibility before, during, or after the Contest.

Notice to all international entrants: As stated above, it is your responsibility to comply with the contest laws of your country/jurisdiction.
You acknowledge that certain countries/jurisdictions have laws regarding Contests that may prevent Sponsor from awarding you your Prize (as defined below).
If you are a winner and this happens to be the case with your country/jurisdiction, you acknowledge that you may not be able to receive any Prize at all from Sponsor.
By entering this Contest, you acknowledge the risks, and understand that you may win, but not be able to receive a Prize.

ENTRY PERIOD:

Sponsor will announce Contests through the App from time to time.
The announcement will indicate the type of Contest that Sponsor is offering.
Contests include live trivia game show matches (“HQ Trivia”), live sports trivia game show matches ("HQ Sports"), and live word puzzle matches (“HQ Words”).
You may join a Contest while it is live.
Sponsor reserves the right to cancel Contests, in our sole discretion, with no restrictions.

HOW TO ENTER:

No purchase or payment is necessary to participate in a Contest.
Enter a Contest by completing each of the following steps:


Download or open the HQ Application downloaded through the Apple Store on your mobile device, and either (a) if you already have a HQ account, log into your existing HQ account, or (b) if you do not already have a HQ account, sign up for a HQ account with a verified phone number.


Click "Join." HQ will then automatically match you with other players.
You will receive a notification when the live trivia game show match begins or when the live word puzzle match begins.
In trivia matches, you will have 10 seconds to answer each question.
In word puzzle matches, you will have 10 to 30 seconds to answer each puzzle, depending on the puzzle's difficulty.
If you get the answer right, you will move on to the next round.
If you get the answer wrong, you are eliminated for the remainder of the game.


Play at least one HQ live trivia game show match or HQ live word puzzle match to completion.


By downloading HQ, you agree that any information provided by you or collected by Sponsor in connection with the Contest may be used by Sponsor in accordance with HQ’s Privacy Policy located at&nbsp;https://hqtrivia.com/legal/privacy.html&nbsp;and HQ’s Terms of Use located at&nbsp;https://hqtrivia.com/legal/tou.html, and may be shared with Sponsor’s affiliated business entities.
All information submitted to the HQ Application becomes the property of Sponsor.
By downloading HQ, you further agree that use of HQ is subject to HQ’s Terms of Use located at&nbsp;https://hqtrivia.com/legal/tou.html&nbsp;and Privacy Policy located at&nbsp;https://hqtrivia.com/legal/privacy.html.

SPINNING THE LETTER WHEEL

In some Contests, entrants are given the opportunity to spin a wheel (the “Wheel”).
For instance, in HQ Words, entrants may be permitted to spin the Wheel to earn a letter, which will be automatically be revealed for that entrant in each puzzle in that Contest.
An entrant may choose to spin the Wheel by following the in-App prompts.
Spinning the Wheel is not required to participate in the Contest.

SPINNING THE SUPER WHEEL / USING A SUPER WHEEL
An entrant participating in a Contest who has earned, been awarded, or purchased a Super Spin (“Super Spin” or "Super Wheel")may use that Super Sin to earn a pack of letters, which will be automatically be revealed for that entrant in each puzzle, or an individual letter (which will be automatically be revealed for that entrant in each puzzle) and an Extra Life (see Extra Life section below).
By default, an entrant’s Super Spin will be used at the start of the HQ Words Contest unless the entrant chooses not to use it by following the in-App prompts.
Each entrant can only use one Super Spin per game.
Neither Super Spins (also known as Super Wheels) nor any other purchase or payment are required to participate in the Contest.

EXTRA LIFE

An entrant participating in a Contest who has earned, been awarded, or purchased an extra life (“Extra Life”) may use that Extra Life to reenter a Contest after being eliminated.
By default, an entrant’s Extra Life will be used upon elimination unless the entrant chooses not to use it by following the in-App prompts.
Each entrant can only use one Extra Life per game.
Neither Extra Lives nor any other purchase or payment are required to participate in the Contest.

ERASER

An entrant participating in a Contest who has earned, been awarded, or purchased an eraser (“Eraser”) may use that Eraser to automatically remove one incorrect answer choice from a question.
An entrant may choose to use an Eraser by following the in-App prompts.
Each entrant can only use one Eraser per game.
Erasers are not required to participate in the Contest.

POINT MULTIPLIER

An entrant participating in a Contest who has earned, been awarded, or purchased a Point Multiplier (“Point Multiplier”) may use that Point Multiplier to automatically multiply the number of points the entrant earns during a particular game.
Each entrant can only use one Point Multiplier per game.
Point Multipliers are not required to participate in the Contest.

PRIZES:

The winner of each Contest will receive a cash prize, determined in Sponsor’s sole discretion (the "Prize").
Sponsor will distribute prizes according to the rules for the specific Contest entered and players will split Prizes according to those rules (as explained below).
You may view the total of all accrued Prizes you have won through your HQ account.
You will need a minimum Prize balance of $5 in your account to cash-out.
To receive payment of your accrued Prizes (one minimum amount is met), you must cash-out Prizes through PayPal, a third party service.
Prize fulfillment will be subject to the terms, conditions, and privacy policies of PayPal, located at&nbsp;https://www.paypal.com&nbsp;.
In certain instances involving larger Prizes, at HQ's sole discretion, you will be contacted directly to receive it by a mutually agreeable method and payment will be subject to a confirmation of the winner's eligibility to receive a Prize consistent with Sponsor's Rules and Terms of Use.
You must comply with the Rules of Conduct contained in section 5 of HQ Trivia’s Terms of Use.
Any entry by any user that does not comply with the Rules of Conduct, the Terms of Use, or these Contest Rules will be disqualified.
Each HQ user may establish, maintain, use and control only one account.
Each account on the may only be owned, maintained, used and controlled by one individual.
For avoidance of doubt, users may not "co-own" accounts.
In the event Sponsor determines that you have opened, maintained, used or controlled more than one account, in addition to any other rights that Sponsor may have, Sponsor reserves the right to suspend or terminate any or all of your accounts and terminate, withhold or revoke the awarding of any Prizes.
Each HQ account can only be associated with one PayPal account.
And a PayPal account cannot be associated with more than one HQ account.
Attempts to associate an HQ account with additional PayPal accounts may result in the termination of that HQ account and forfeiture of any Prizes awarded.
HQ will only issue a Prize and any accompanying tax forms to the individual identified in the account information for the winning account.
HQ Trivia uses your account information to contact and verify winners.
Out of date or incorrect account information at the time you enter a Contest may disqualify you from receiving a Prize.
Failure to provide valid, working contact information in connection with your account may result in termination of that HQ account and forfeiture of any Prizes awarded.
Sponsor expressly reserves the right to disqualify any entries that it believes in good faith are generated by an automated means or scripts or that violate any of these Contest Rules or the Terms of Use.
Entries generated by script, macro or other automated means are void.
Decisions of the Sponsor are final and binding with respect to all matters related to the Contest.
In no event shall the Sponsor be obligated to award any Prizes other than the Prize specified in these Official Rules.
The Sponsor does not guarantee that the Prize can be made available to the winner.
The Prize is not assignable and not transferable and no substitutions are permitted.
In addition, if the Prize is unable to be fulfilled to the winner due to any applicable law, rule or regulation, or if the winner cannot claim the Prize for any reason, then Sponsor reserves the right to not award the Prize at all.
The winner shall be responsible and liable for all federal, state and local taxes on the value of the Prize.
Winners shall provide HQ with accurate information regarding their identity and country of residence.
To receive a complete list of winners or a copy of the Official Rules, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to Intermedia Labs, Inc.
138 Spring Street 4th Floor, New York, New York 10012.

PRIZE SELECTION:

The Contest will be conducted under the Sponsor’s supervision.
The decisions of the Sponsor are final and binding in all matters relating to the Contest.
The winner will be notified in the HQ Application or by email.
provided, however, that Sponsor reserves the right to determine an alternate method of notification.
The winner must cash-out the Prize within 90 days after notification.
A Contest winner's failure to cash-out the Prize within the specified 90 days will be considered that Contest winner's forfeiture of the Prize and Sponsor may, at its option and sole discretion, choose not to award the Prize at all.
If an entrant is found to be ineligible, Sponsor may, at its option and sole discretion, choose not to award the Prize at all.
_HQ Trivia_
In HQ Trivia contests, Players must select the correct answer to each question.
If a player submits an incorrect answer or fails to select an answer in the allotted time, the player will be eliminated unless the player uses an Extra Life and has not yet used an Extra Life in that Contest.
The winner of an HQ Trivia Contest will be the last person remaining at the end of each game show match.
If there are multiple players remaining after the final question, such remaining players will split the Prize evenly.
Sponsor may also offer “Winner Take All" HQ Trivia Contests.
In "Winner Take All" HQ Trivia Contests, which Sponsor shall identify at the outset of the game show in which the Contest is offered, players will continue to receive questions until only a single player can correctly answer the question given.
Sponsor will then award the Prize to the single remaining player.
If all remaining players fail to answer a question correctly, resulting in every player's elimination, the Sponsor can decide to either roll the Prize for “Winner Take All" Contest over to a future game, which will be announced live at the end of the game, or bring all Players that answered the final question incorrectly back into the Contest.

Sponsor may also offer “Top N" HQ Trivia Contests.
In “Top N" HQ Trivia Contests, which Sponsor shall identify at the outset of the game show in which the Contest is offered, players will continue to receive questions until N or fewer players can correctly answer the question given.
Sponsor will then award the Prize to the single remaining player.
If all remaining players fail to answer a question correctly, resulting in every player's elimination, the Sponsor can decide to either roll the Prize for “Winner Take All" Contest over to a future game, which will be announced live at the end of the game, or bring all Players that answered the final question incorrectly back into the Contest.
_HQ Words_
In HQ Words contests, Players select letters to solve word puzzles.
If a player fails to solve a word puzzle in the allotted time or selects three incorrect letters, the player will be eliminated unless the player uses an Extra Life and has not yet used an Extra Life in that Contest.
The winner of the Contest will be the last player remaining at the end of each match.
If there are multiple players remaining after the final round, the Sponsor may split the Prize evenly among the remaining players, or the three players who solved the puzzles in the shortest amount of aggregate time will receive a pre-determined portion of the Prize of the Prize and all other players remaining after the final round will split the remainder of the Prize evenly.


GENERAL CONDITIONS AND RELEASES:


Notice to all international entrants: As stated above, it is your responsibility to comply with the contest laws of your country/jurisdiction.
You acknowledge that certain countries/jurisdictions have laws regarding Contests that may prevent Sponsor from awarding you your Prize (as defined below).
If you are a winner and this happens to be the case with your country/jurisdiction, you acknowledge that you may not be able to receive any Prize at all from Sponsor.
By entering this Contest, you acknowledge the risks, and understand that you may win but not be able to receive a Prize.

Notice to all entrants (including international): By entering the Contest or accepting a Prize, you agree to conform to all federal, state and local laws and regulations.
When applicable, the winner may be required to execute and return (and winning may be conditioned upon the winner executing and returning) to Sponsor, within ten (10) business days, an Affidavit of Eligibility and a Liability and Publicity Release drafted by Sponsor to be eligible for the Prize.
The winner may be required in Sponsor’s sole discretion to complete relevant tax forms as a condition to the delivery of the applicable Prize.
Winner may also be required to furnish proof of identity, address and birth date in order to receive a Prize.
Unless prohibited by applicable law, your acceptance of a Prize constitutes your permission to use your name, submissions, photograph, likeness, voice, address (city and state) and testimonials in all media, in perpetuity, in any manner Sponsor deems appropriate for publicity purposes without any compensation to such entrant or any review or approval rights, notifications, or permissions.
and constitutes your consent to disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties (including, without limitation, placing the winner’s name on a winner’s list).
Notwithstanding any rights of publicity, privacy or otherwise (whether or not statutory) anywhere in the world, your acceptance of a Prize constitutes your authorization to (i) have Sponsor (and its agents, consultants and employees) photograph, record, tape, film and otherwise visually and audiovisually record you, (ii) have Sponsor (and its agents, consultants and employees) use, reproduce, disseminate, alter, edit, dub, modify, distort, add to, subtract from, process and otherwise exploit any results of such activity (including without limitation any manner in which such activity may be recorded or remembered or modified) or derivatives or extensions or imitations thereof in any manner that Sponsor sees fit, in any medium or technology known or hereinafter invented, throughout the universe in perpetuity, including without limitation for illustration, art, promotion, advertising, trade or any other purpose whatsoever.
and (iii) have relinquished any right that you may have to examine or approve the completed product or products or the advertising copy or printed matter that may be used in conjunction therewith or the use to which it may be applied.
An entrant or winner may be disqualified from the Contest if he or she fails to comply or has previously failed to comply with any provision of these Official Rules or the Sponsor’s Terms of Use, as determined in the sole discretion of the Sponsor.
Sponsor, in its sole discretion, may disqualify you from a Contest, refuse to award Prizes and require the return of any Prizes, or suspend, limit, or terminate your account if you engage in conduct Sponsor deems, in its sole discretion, to be improper, unfair, fraudulent or otherwise adverse to the operation of Contests or in any way detrimental to other users.
Improper conduct includes, but is not limited to: Falsifying personal information, including payment information, required to claim a Prize.
violating eligible payment method terms, including the terms of any cash rewards payment card, violating any of these Rules, using unauthorized methods such as unauthorized scripts or other automated means.
tampering with the administration of the Contest or trying to in any way tamper with the computer programs associated with the Contests.
obtaining other entrants’ information and spamming other entrants.
and any other form of abuse.
or otherwise violating these Rules.
You acknowledge that the forfeiture and/or return of any Prize shall in no way prevent Sponsor from informing the relevant authorities, and/or pursuing criminal or civil proceedings in connection with such conduct.
Participation in the Contest is at entrant’s own risk.
Sponsor shall not be liable for: (1) failed, returned or misdirected notifications based on inaccurate information provided by the winner in connection with an entry.
(2) entries and responses to winner notifications which are lost, late, incomplete, illegible, unintelligible, postage-due, misdirected, damaged or otherwise not received by the intended recipient in whole or in part or for computer or technical error of any kind.
(3) any electronic miscommunications or failures, technical hardware or software failures of any kind, lost or unavailable network connections, or failed incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmissions which may limit an entrant's ability to participate in the Contest.
(4) any technical malfunctions of the telephone network, computer on-line system, computer equipment, software, program malfunctions or other failures, delayed computer transactions or network connections that are human, mechanical or technical in nature, or any combination thereof, including any injury or damage to entrant's or any other person's computer or mobile device related to or resulting from downloading the App or otherwise in connection with this Contest.
or (5) any warranty with respect to any Prize or any component thereof.
THE CONTEST IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND SPONSOR DOES NOT MAKE ANY, AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL, REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND REGARDING THE CONTEST.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE HEREIN OR OTHERWISE, SPONSOR SHALL NOT BE LIABLE OR OBLIGATED WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT OR UNDER CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR (A) ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS) (B) AMOUNTS IN EXCESS OF THE PRIZE FOR THE APPLICABLE CONTEST, (C) DATA LOSS OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, AND/OR (D) ANY MATTER BEYOND SUCH PARTIES’ REASONABLE CONTROL.
By entering the Contest, you agree to and hereby do release and hold harmless Sponsor, its respective parents, subsidiaries and affiliated entities, directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, and representatives (the "Released Parties") from any damage, injury, death, loss, claim, action, demand, or other liability (collectively, “Claims”) that may arise from your acceptance, possession and/or use of any Prize or your participation in this Contest, or from any misuse or malfunction of any Prize awarded, regardless of whether such Claims, or knowledge of the facts constituting such Claims, exist at the time of entry or arise at any time thereafter, and indemnify each of the Released Parties from any damages arising therefrom.
Any person attempting to defraud or in any way tamper with this Contest may be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
Sponsor reserves the right to modify these Official Rules in any way or at any time.
Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel or suspend this Contest should viruses, bugs or other causes beyond its control corrupt the administration, security or proper operation of the Contest.
In the event of cancellation or suspension, HQ shall promptly post a notice on the HQ App to such effect.
This Contest shall be governed by New York law, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions.
By participating in this Contest, you agree that any dispute or litigation arising from or relating to this Contest shall be determined by binding arbitration only in New York, NY, by and under the Commercial Arbitration Rules for arbitration of consumer-related disputes (which can be accessed at www.jamsadr.com or by calling 1.800.352.5267)s, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sponsor may seek equitable relief in any court of competent jurisdiction.
If any provision of these Rules is held to be illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Rules otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.   HQ Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes the policies and procedures of Intermedia Labs, Inc.
(“we”, “our” or “us”) on the collection, use and disclosure of your information in connection with your use of the HQ application (the “App”) and any associated services, features, content or applications we offer through the App (collectively, the “Services”).
We receive information about you from various sources, including without limitation: (i) if you register for the App and the Services, through your user account on the Services (your “Account”).
(ii) your use of the Services generally.
and (iii) from third party websites and services.
When you use the Services, you are consenting to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
&nbsp;


What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) gathered when you are using or accessing the Services.
This Privacy Policy also covers our treatment of any Personal Information that our business partners share with us or that we share with our business partners.
&nbsp.



This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control, including but not limited to any third party websites, services and applications (e.g.
Spotify, iTunes, YouTube, Google Play, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, etc.) (each a “Third Party Service”) that you elect to access through the Service or to individuals that we do not manage or employ.
While we attempt to facilitate access only to those Third Party Services that share our respect for your privacy, we cannot take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those Third Party Services.
We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third Party Services you access.


What Information Do We Collect?
The information we gather enables us to personalize, improve and continue to operate the Services.
In connection with certain aspects of the Services, we may request, collect and/or display some of your Personal Information.
We collect the following types of information from our users.
Account Information: 
If you create an account on the Services (“Account”), you may be required to provide information that could be Personal Information, such as your name, phone number and/or email address.
Additionally, if you register for or access the Services using a Third Party Service (such as your social media account login credentials), we may receive Personal Information that you allow such Third Party Service to share with us.
&nbsp;You acknowledge that this information may be personal to you, and by creating an Account and providing Personal Information to us, you allow others, including us, to identify you and therefore may not be anonymous.
We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services.
You may unsubscribe from some of these messages by emailing us at support@hy.pe, although we, regardless, reserve the right to contact you when we believe it is necessary, such as for account recovery purposes.
Information Regarding Your Social Networks: &nbsp;


As mentioned above, you may be able to register for or access the Services using a Third Party Services, such as your social media account (e.g.
Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.).
&nbsp;Occasionally, you can also use your Account on our Services to interact with your accounts on these other services.
&nbsp;For example, you may be able to access posting and sharing tools on the Services that allow you to post information to your social networks outside of the Services (“Share”).
&nbsp;By using these tools, you acknowledge that some account information from your account on the applicable Third Party Service may be transmitted into your Account with us, and that such information is covered by this Privacy Policy.
&nbsp;Furthermore, if a tool, such as the Share tool, is operated by a Third Party Service, the Third Party Service that operates the tool may collect information about your browser or online activity, which would be subject to the Third Party Service’s privacy policy.
&nbsp;When you use these tools, some of your information from the Services may be shared with the Third Party Service and others.
&nbsp;Therefore, we encourage you to read the privacy policies and other policies of any Third Party Services, including without limitation any applicable social networks, you use in connection with the Services.



Additionally, we may collect and receive your social media account login credentials in connection with providing you with the Services, but only if you expressly provide us with such information.
We will only use such login information as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise expressly authorized by you.


User Content:


Some features of the Services allow you to provide content to the Services, such as video clips.
All content submitted by you to the Services may be retained by us indefinitely, even after you terminate your Account.
We may continue to disclose such content to third parties in a manner that does not reveal Personal Information, as described in this Privacy Policy.




Location Information: &nbsp;
Some of our Services may include features based on users’ actual locations and may report on users’ current locations (“Location-Based Services”).
&nbsp;To the extent you voluntarily opt to use any Location-Based Services, we may collect and store information about your location at the time you use those Location-Based Services.
Additionally, we may also collect and/or receive location information from your use of the Services generally, which can come from a variety of sources, depending on how you use or access the Services.
For example, a User Image taken from your mobile device may contain location information related to where the image was taken, or a mobile device may report its GPS location at the time Location-Based Services are used.
IP Address Information and Other Information Collected Automatically:

Generally, the Services automatically collect usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors to the App and users of the Services.
We may use this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, or in other anonymous forms, but not in a manner that would identify you personally.
This type of data enables us and third parties authorized by us to figure out how often individuals use parts of the Services so that we can analyze and improve them.

We automatically receive and record information from your web browser and device when you interact with the Services, including your IP address and cookie information and other mobile identifiers.
This information is used for fighting spam/malware and also to facilitate collection of data concerning your interaction with the Services (e.g., what links you have clicked on).
We may collect some device-specific information if you access the Services using a mobile device.
&nbsp;Device information may include but is not limited to unique device identifiers, network information, and hardware model, as well as information about how the device interacts with our Services.


Email, Text, and Push Notification Communications:
We may communicate with you via push notification, email, SMS, MMS or other text message (“Message”) (to the extent you permit us to do so), and we may collect information regarding such communications, such as confirmation when you open an email, read a Message or receive a push notification.
We use this information to improve our Services, including without limitation our customer service.
&nbsp;
Aggregate Information[a]:
We collect statistical information about how both unregistered and registered users, collectively, use the Services (“Aggregate Information”).
Some of this information is derived from Personal Information.
This statistical information is not Personal Information and cannot be tied back to you, your Account or your web browser.
How, and With Whom, Is My Information Shared[b]?
Public Information About Your Activity on the Services:


Some of your activity on and through the Services is public.
This may include, but is not limited to, content you have posted publicly on, through or in connection with the Services, including without limitation on public portions of Third Party Services, such as your social media accounts.


Registered users may have some of this information associated with their Accounts.
Unregistered users will not have this association, but information concerning their use of the Services (such as what pages they have visited) may be tracked anonymously through the use of cookies and stored by us.



Please remember that if you choose to provide Personal Information using certain public features of the Services, then that information is governed by the privacy settings of those particular features and may be publicly available.
Individuals reading such information may use or disclose it to other individuals or entities without our control and without your knowledge, and search engines may index that information.
We therefore urge you to think carefully about including any specific information you may deem private in content that you create or information that you submit through the Services.


IP Address and Device Information:


While we collect and store IP address and device information, that information is not made public.
We do at times, however, share this information with our partners, service providers and other persons with whom we conduct business, and as otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy.



Information You Elect to Share:


You may access other Third Party Services through the Services, for example by clicking on links to those Third Party Services from within our Services.
We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these Third Party Services, and you are responsible for reading and understanding those Third Party Services’ privacy policies.
This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on the Services.


Aggregate and Non-Personally Identifiable Information:


We share Aggregate Information with our partners, service providers and other persons with whom we conduct business (“Business Partners”).
&nbsp;We may also share information with our Business Partners that is (i) not Personal Information or (ii) derived from Personal Information but has been anonymized so that it is no longer personally identifiable (collectively with Aggregate Information, “Non-Personal Information”).
We use and share this type of data so that we and our Business Partners can understand how and how often people use our and their services or websites, which facilitates improving our Services, their services and how our Services interface with their services.
In addition, these Business Partners may share with us non-private, aggregated or otherwise non Personal Information about you that they have independently developed or acquired.


Email and SMS Communications with Us:
As part of the Services, you may occasionally receive push notifications, email, SMS text and other communications from us, such as communications relating to your Account.

User Profile Information: 
User profile information including your username and other information you enter may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Services.
We will not directly reveal user email addresses to other users.
Social Media Account Login Credentials:
If you share your Third Party Services account login credentials with us, we may use such information to post on your behalf.
&nbsp;We will never share or disclose your login credentials outside of our company.
&nbsp;We may share your User Content (as defined in the Terms of Service), or some derivative thereof, on our company-branded social media channels, and we may tag you in such post using your name, social media name, handle or other identifier.
Information Shared with Our Agents: 
We employ and contract with people and other entities that perform certain tasks on our behalf and who are under our control (our “Agents”).
We may need to share Personal Information with our Agents in order to provide products or services to you.
Unless we tell you differently, our Agents do not have any right to use Personal Information or other information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.
You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal Information with our Agents.
Information Disclosed Pursuant to Business Transfers: 
In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets.
In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the transferred business assets.
Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy.
Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others: 
We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
(ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof.
(iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
(iv) respond to user support requests or (v) protect our rights, property or safety, our users and the public.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and spam/malware prevention.
Information We Share With Your Consent: 
Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information.
Is Information About Me Secure? 
We seek to protect Account information to ensure that it is kept private.
however, we cannot guarantee the security of any Account information.
We store all of our information, including your IP address and device information, using industry-standard techniques.
We do not guarantee or warrant that such techniques will prevent unauthorized access to information about you that we store, Personal Information or otherwise.
&nbsp;Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
&nbsp;Additionally, you are responsible for preventing unauthorized access to your Account and Personal Information by protecting your Account credentials and limiting access to Service Device (as defined in the Terms of Service).
What Information of Mine Can I Access?
If you are a registered user, you can access information associated with your Account by contacting us at support@hy.pe.
Registered and unregistered users can access and delete cookies through their web browser settings.
California Privacy Rights: Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal customer information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties.
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: Intermedia Labs, Inc., 138 Spring Street, New York, New York 10012.


How Can I Delete My Account? 
Should you ever decide to delete your Account, you may do so through the App, by deleting the App or by emailing support@hy.pe.
If you terminate your Account, any association between your Account and information we store will no longer be accessible through your Account.
However, any public activity on your Account prior to deletion will remain stored on our servers and will remain accessible to the public.


What Choices Do I Have Regarding My Information?



You can use some of the features of the Services without registering, thereby limiting the type of information that we collect.
You can always opt not to disclose certain information to us, but please note that certain information may be needed to take advantage of some of our features.
You can delete your Account.
Please note that we will need to verify that you have the authority to delete the Account, and activity generated prior to deletion will remain stored by us and may be publicly accessible.
&nbsp;
You can choose to opt out of certain communications or communication methods.
however, if you do so, you may not be able to take advantage of some of our Services’ best features.
&nbsp;

What Happens When There Are Changes to this Privacy Policy?
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
If we make changes in the way we collect or use information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Services or sending you an email.
A user is bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when he or she uses the Services after such changes have been first posted.
What If I Have Questions or Concerns? 
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy using the Services, please send us a detailed message to legal@hy.pe.
We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
Effective Date:&nbsp;July 6, 2017
GDSVF&amp;H\2855707.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;   

 HQ TRIVIA PRIVACY POLICY 

 OUR APPROACH TO PRIVACY 


 Intermedia Labs, Inc (" HQ Trivia ", " we ", " our ", or " us ") is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This privacy policy sets out how we collect, store, process, transfer, share and use data that identifies or is associated with you (" personal information ") and information regarding our use of cookies and similar technologies.

 HQ Trivia operates a service that allows you to play live trivia game shows using our app (the " Service ").

 This privacy policy applies to our Service.
Before accessing or using our Service, please ensure that you have read and understood how we collect, store, use and disclose your personal information as described in this privacy policy.

 Intermedia Labs, Inc is the data controller of the personal information we hold about you.



 PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE USE IT 


 We collect personal information that you voluntarily submit directly to us when you use our Service.
This can include information you provide to us when you register for an account and user profile, fill in a form on our Service, create or edit your user profile on the Service, correspond with us by phone, SMS, e-mail or otherwise, respond to trivia questions, post comments using the chat function on our Service, or use some other feature of our Service.
We may also collect personal information from third parties, such as social networks.

 We will indicate to you where the provision of certain personal information is required in order for us to provide you certain features of the Service.
If you choose not to provide such personal information, we may not be able to provide the Service to you or respond to your other requests.

 The table at Annex 1 &nbsp;sets out the categories of personal information we collect about you and how we use that information, as well as the legal basis which we rely on to process the personal information.

 We also automatically collect personal information indirectly about how you access and use the Service and information about the device you use to access the Service.

 The table at Annex 2 &nbsp;sets out the categories of personal information we collect about you automatically and how we use that information.
The table also lists the legal basis which we rely on to process the personal information.

 We may link or combine the personal information we collect about you and the information we collect automatically.
This allows us to provide you with a personalised experience regardless of how you interact with us.

 We may anonymise and aggregate any of the personal information we collect (so that it does not directly identify you).
We may use anonymised information for purposes that include testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving our Service and developing new products and features.
We may also share such anonymised information with others.

 We will store the personal information we collect about you for no longer than necessary for the purposes set out in Annex 1 and Annex 2 and in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.



 RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION 


 We may share your personal information with the following (as required in accordance with the uses set out in Annexes 1 and 2): 


 Service providers and advisors: we may share your personal information with third party vendors and other service providers that perform services for us or on our behalf, which may include providing payment, email or chat services, fraud prevention, web hosting, or providing analytic services.
&nbsp.

 Social media: where you have connected a social media account with our Service, we may post your comments and opinions to our social media pages and tag you in those posts.

 Purchasers and third parties in connection with a business transaction: your personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.

 Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons: we may share your personal information with third parties as required by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (i) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement.
(ii) detect and investigate illegal activities and breaches of agreements, including our Terms of Service.
and/or (iii) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of HQ Trivia, its users or others.



 STORING AND TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION 


 Security .
We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage.
All personal information we collect will be stored on our secure servers.
All electronic transactions entered into via our website will be protected by TLS encryption technology.
We will never send you unsolicited emails or contact you by phone requesting your account ID, password, credit or debit card information or national identification numbers.

 International Transfers of your Personal Information .
As we are located in the USA, any information we collect from you will initially be collected and stored in the USA.
If you are in the EU or EEA, this may mean that your personal information will be stored in a jurisdiction that offers a level of protection that may, in certain instances, be less protective of your personal information than the jurisdiction you are typically resident in.
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with applicable law and this privacy policy.



 YOUR RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION 


 In accordance with applicable privacy law, you have the following rights in respect of your personal information that we hold: 


 Right of access .
You have the right to obtain: 


 confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information.

 information about the categories of personal information we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal information and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods.

 information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal information.
and 
 a copy of the personal information we hold about you.



 Right of portability .
You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person.

 Right to rectification .
You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you without undue delay.

 Right to erasure .
You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal information without undue delay if the continued processing of that personal information is not justified.

 Right to restriction .
You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal information if the continued processing of the personal information in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you.

 Right to object .
You have a right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation.
There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal information, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case.
&nbsp;You can object to marketing activities for any reason.



 If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this privacy policy.
You may also review and edit the personal information you have submitted to us by logging into your account on the app.

 You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your national data protection authority.
Further information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm .



 LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES 

 Our Service may, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites, including those of other users, our partner networks, advertisers, partner merchants, news publications, retailers and affiliates.
If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies.
Please check the individual policies before you submit any information to those websites.


 OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN 


 Our Service is not directed at persons under 18 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18.
If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information, without your consent, then please contact us using the details below so that we can take steps to remove such information and terminate any account your child has created with us.



 CHANGES TO THIS POLICY 

 We may update this privacy policy from time to time and so you should review this page periodically.
When we change this privacy policy in a material way, we will update the "last modified" date at the end of this privacy policy.
Changes to this privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page.


 NOTICE TO YOU 

 If we need to provide you with information about something, whether for legal, marketing or other business related purposes, we will select what we believe is the best way to get in contact with you.
We will usually do this through email or by placing a notice on our Service.
The fact that we may send notices to you will not stop you from being able to opt out of certain types of contact as described in this privacy policy.


 CONTACTING US 


 Please contact legal@hqtrivia.com if you have any questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy.

 This privacy policy was last modified on May 18th, &nbsp;2018.






 ANNEX 1 – PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT 
 Category of personal information 
 How we may use it 
 Legal basis for the processing 
 Contact information such as your name, phone number, address and e-mail address.









 We may use this information for account authentication.

 The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract and to take steps prior to entering into a contract.

 We may use this information to communicate with you, including sending service-related communications, such as notifying you when you have won a quiz.

 The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract and to take steps prior to entering into a contract.

 We use this information to deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the Service.

 The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely administering the Service, and for communicating with you effectively to respond to your queries or complaints.

 Profile information, such as &nbsp.
your username, profile picture and other users you have invited to use our Service.

 We use this information to operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service.

 The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract and to take steps prior to entering into a contract.

 We use this information to promote our Service, such as inviting new users to our Service or tagging you in comments on our social media pages.

 The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely promoting our Service.

 Tax number or other government identifier .
We may collect numbers assigned to you by tax authorities in your jurisdiction, such as your social security number or national insurance number.

 We use this information to comply with our reporting obligations to tax authorities in the event that you win a prize while using our Service.

 The processing is necessary for your legitimate interests, namely compliance with your legal obligations to report winnings to tax authorities.

 Chat, comments and opinions.
&nbsp;When you contact us directly, e.g.
by email, phone, or when you participate in a chat on our Service, we will record your comments and opinions.

 We use this information to operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service.

 The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract and to take steps prior to entering into a contract.

 We use this information to address your questions, issues and concerns.

 The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely communicating with users and responding to queries, complaints and concerns.

 We use this information to develop new products and features available through our Service or otherwise improve our Service.

 The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely developing and improving our Service.

 Information &nbsp.
about your use of our Service , such as the number of quizzes you have participated in on our Service, your replies to the trivia questions on our Service and the prize money you have won when using the Service.

 We use this information to operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, including paying you any prize money you may win when you use the Service.

 The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract and to take steps prior to entering into a contract.

 We use this information to develop new products and features available through our Service or otherwise improve our Service.

 The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely developing and improving our Service or certain features of our Service.

 Address book contacts .
Where you give us permission to do so, we may collect the phone numbers and names of the contacts on your device.

 We use this information to connect you with people in your address book that are using our Service and to allow you to invite other people in your address book to our Service.

 We will only process this information to the extent you have given us consent to do so.

 Information received from third parties, such as social networks.
If you connect a social network to our Service, or interact with our Service through a social network, we may receive information from the social network such as your name, profile information, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties.
The data we receive is dependent on your privacy settings with the social network.

 We use this information to allow you to log in to the Service.

 The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract and to take steps prior to entering into a contract.

 We use this information to tailor how the Service is presented to you.

 The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely tailoring our Service to the user.

 We use this information to promote our Service, such as tagging you in comments on our social media pages.

 The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely promoting our Service.

 Precise location information .
When you use certain functionalities of the Service, we may ask you to provide your precise location.

 We use this information to provide you certain functionalities of the Service, such as the ability to interact with people using our Service near you.

 We will only process this information to the extent you have given us consent to do so.

 Approximate location information .
Other than information you choose to provide to us, we do not collect information about your precise location.
Your device’s IP address may help us determine an approximate location.

 We use information you provide to us about your location to inform and plan our marketing strategy.

 The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest, namely informing our direct marketing strategy.

 All personal information set out above.

 We will use all the personal information we collect to operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, to communicate with you, to monitor and improve our Service and business, and to help us develop new products and services.

 The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to administer and improve the Service.





 ANNEX 2 – PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY 
 Category of personal information 
 How we use it 
 Legal basis for the processing 
 Information about how you access and use the Service .
For example, the website from which you came and the website to which you are going when you leave our website, how frequently you access the Service, the time you access our Service and how long you use it for, the approximate location that you access the Service from, whether you access the Service from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Service.

 We use information about how you use and connect to our Service to present our Service to you on your device.



 The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to tailor our Service to the user.



 We use this information to determine products and services that may be of interest to you for marketing purposes 


 The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to inform our direct marketing.



 We use this information to monitor and improve our Service and business, resolve issues and to inform the development of new products and services.

 The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to monitor and resolve issues with our Service and to improve our Service generally.



 Log files and information about your device .
We also collect information about the computer, tablet, smartphone or other electronic device you use to connect to our Service.
This information can include details about the type of device, unique device identifying numbers, operating systems, browsers and applications connected to our Service through the device, your Internet service provider or mobile network, your IP address and your device’s telephone number (if it has one).

 We use information about how you use and connect to our Service to present our Service to you on your device.



 The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to tailor our Service to the user.



 We use this information to determine products and services that may be of interest to you for marketing purposes 


 The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to inform our direct marketing.



 We use this information to monitor and improve our Service and business, resolve issues and to inform the development of new products and services.

 The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to monitor and resolve issues with our Service and to improve our Service generally.








   HQ Terms of Use

IMPORTANT NOTICE: THIS AGREEMENT IS SUBJECT TO BINDING ARBITRATION AND A WAIVER OF CLASS ACTION RIGHTS AS DETAILED IN SECTION 13 BELOW
Please read these Terms of Use (collectively with the&nbsp;HQ Privacy Policy&nbsp;and the&nbsp;HQ Contest Official Rules, the "Terms of Use") fully and carefully before using the HQ application (the “App”) and the services, features, content or applications offered by Intermedia Labs, Inc.
in connection with the App (“Company,” “we”, “us” or “our”) (together with the App, the “Services”).
These Terms of Use set forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the App and the Services.



Acceptance of Terms of Use.
a.
By signing up for, installing and/or using the App in any manner, you agree to these Terms of Use and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time through the App by us, each of which is incorporated by reference and each of which may be updated from time to time without notice to you.
b.
Certain of the Services may be subject to additional terms and conditions specified by us from time to time.
your use of such Services is subject to those additional terms and conditions, which are incorporated into these Terms of Use by this reference, including without limitation the&nbsp;HQ Contest Official Rules.
c.
These Terms of Use apply to all users of the Services, including, without limitation, users who are contributors of content, information, and other materials or services, registered or otherwise.
d.
ARBITRATION NOTICE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER: EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES DESCRIBED IN THE ARBITRATION SECTION BELOW (SECTION 13), YOU AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.



Eligibility.
You represent and warrant that you are an individual person at least 18 years of age.
If you are under age 18, you may not, under any circumstances or for any reason, use the Services.
We may, in our sole discretion, refuse to offer the Services to any person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time.
You are solely responsible for ensuring that these Terms of Use are in compliance with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to you and the right to access the Services is revoked where these Terms of Use or use of the Services is prohibited or to the extent offering, sale or provision of the Services conflicts with any applicable law, rule or regulation.
Further, the Services are offered only for your use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party.
You are not eligible for our Contests if you violate any provision of these Terms of Use or the HQ Contest Official Rules, as determined in HQ’s sole discretion.



Registration.
To sign up for the Services, we may require you to register for an Account on the Services (an "Account") or log in via Facebook Connect, Twitter or another authentication mechanism (a “Third Party Account”).
You must provide accurate and complete information and keep your Account information updated.
If you provide any information that is inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Company has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Company may deny you access to Contests, areas requiring registration, disqualify you from Contests, revoke Prizes, and/or terminate your Account, at its sole discretion.
You shall not: (i) select or use as a username a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person.
(ii) use as a username a name subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization.
or (iii) use, as a username, a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene.
You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your Account, and for keeping your Account password and login credentials secure.
You may never use another person’s user Account or registration information for the Services without permission.
You must notify us immediately of any change in your eligibility to use the Services (including any changes to or revocation of any licenses from state authorities), breach of security or unauthorized use of your Account.
You should never publish, distribute or post login information for your Account.
You shall have the ability to delete your Account, either directly or through a request made to one of our employees or affiliates.
You may establish, maintain, use and control only one Account on the Service.
Each Account on the Service may only be owned, maintained, used and controlled by one individual.
For avoidance of doubt, users may not "co-own" accounts on the Service.
In the event Company determines that you have opened, maintained, used or controlled more than one Account, in addition to any other rights that Company may have, Company reserves the right to suspend or terminate any or all of your accounts and terminate, withhold or revoke the awarding of any Prizes.
Each year all winners over the previous year may be required to provide updated address and social security (or other tax identification number) details to Company.
These details will be used to allow Company to comply with tax regulations and may be shared with appropriate tax authorities.
You, not Company, are responsible for filing and paying applicable state and federal taxes on any winnings.
Company does not provide tax advice, nor should any statements in this Agreement or on the Service be construed as tax advice.



Content.
a.
Definition.
For purposes of these Terms of Use, the term "Content" includes, without limitation, information, data, text, photographs, videos, audio clips, written posts and comments, software, scripts, graphics, and interactive features generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible on or through the Services.
For the purposes of this Agreement, “Content” also includes all User Content (as defined below).
b.
User Content.
All Content added, created, uploaded, submitted, distributed, or posted to the Services by users (collectively "User Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such User Content.
You represent that all User Content provided by you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
You retain ownership of any and all User Content created and/or uploaded by you.
You acknowledge that all Content, including User Content, accessed by you using the Services is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to you or any other party resulting therefrom.
We do not guarantee that any Content you access on or through the Services is or will continue to be accurate.
c.
Notices and Restrictions.
The Services may contain Content specifically provided by us, our partners or our users and such Content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws.
You shall abide by and maintain all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services.
d.
Use License.
Subject to these Terms of Use, we grant each user of the Services a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to use (i.e., to download and display locally) Content solely for purposes of using the Services.
Use, reproduction, modification, distribution or storage of any Content (other than your User Content) for other than purposes of using the Services is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from us.
You shall not sell, license, rent, or otherwise use or exploit any Content (other than your User Content) for commercial use or in any way that violates any third party right.
e.
License Grant.
By submitting User Content through the Services, you hereby do and shall grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable and transferable license to use, edit, modify, manipulate, truncate, aggregate, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise fully exploit the User Content in connection with the App, the Services and our (and our successors’ and assigns’) businesses, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the App or the Services (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels (including, without limitation, third party websites and feeds), and including after your termination of your Account or the Services.
For the sake of clarity, to the extent any User Content you submit includes your name, likeness, voice, video, or photograph, you acknowledge and agree that the foregoing license of this Section 4(e) shall apply to the same.
You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the App and/or the Services a non-exclusive, perpetual license to access your User Content through the App and/or the Services, and to use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Content, including after your termination of your Account or the Services.
For clarity, the foregoing license granted to us and our users does not affect your other ownership or license rights in your User Content, including the right to grant additional licenses to your User Content, unless otherwise agreed in writing.
You represent and warrant that you have all rights to grant such licenses to us without infringement or violation of any third party rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademarks, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.
f.
Availability of Content.
We do not guarantee that any Content will be made available on the App or through the Services.
We reserve the right to, but do not have any obligation to, (i) remove, edit or modify or otherwise manipulate any Content in our sole discretion, at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if we are concerned that you may have violated these Terms of Use), or for no reason at all and (ii) to remove or block any Content from the Services.



Rules of Conduct.
a.
As a condition of use, you promise not to use the Services for any purpose that is prohibited by these Terms of Use.
You are responsible for all of your activity in connection with the Services.
Violation of our rules may result in the termination and cancellation of your Account and forfeiture of your winnings.
You acknowledge and agree that we may terminate any HQ Account at any time for any reason (including, but not limited to, our independent assessment or the receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities).
b.
By way of example, and not as a limitation, you shall not (and shall not permit any third party to) either (a) take any action or (b) upload, download, post, submit or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any Content on or through the Service, including without limitation any User Content, that:
i.
infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other right of any other person or entity or violates any law or contractual duty, including but not limited to, facilitating the rebroadcast of the HQ Services (see our DMCA Copyright Policy in Section 14 below);
ii.
uses the Services for any unauthorized purpose, or in violation of any applicable law, including intellectual property laws;
iii.
uses screen reader technology, algorithms, or any other automated technological means to interpret, analyze, research, or gain information about a question or submit an answer to a question;
iv.
you know is false, misleading, untruthful or inaccurate, including, but not limited to, providing inaccurate contact or Account information;
v.
illicitly manufactures Extra Lives or other benefits by providing inaccurate information, buying or selling such benefits, creating multiple accounts, or other means;
vi.
results in the creation or operation of multiple user accounts;
vii.
creates multiple entries into Contests, by any means, including multi-accounting;
viii.
logs an Account into multiple devices simultaneously;
ix.
logs an Account into more than five different devices over the course of the history of the Account;
x.
logs multiple Accounts into a single device over the course of the history of any of the Accounts;
xi.
enters you into a contest for which you are not eligible, whether by multi-accounting, providing misleading information, masking or altering your IP address, or other means;
xii.
results in the sale or transfer of your Account;
xiii.
is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortious, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, offensive, profane, contains or depicts nudity, contains or depicts sexual activity, otherwise violates any law or right of any third party, or is otherwise inappropriate as determined by us in our sole discretion;
xiv.
constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk email ("spamming");
xv.
contains software viruses or any other computer codes, files, content, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, limit or interfere with the proper function of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any system, data, password or other information of ours or of any third party;
xvi.
is designed or intended to obtain password, Account, or private information from any HQ user;
xvii.
impersonates any person or entity, including any of our employees, representatives, or users;
xviii.
promotes or links to affiliate programs, multi-level marketing schemes, sites repurposing existing stories or off-topic content.
or
xix.
includes anyone’s identification documents or sensitive financial information.
c.
You shall not: (i) take any action that imposes or may impose (as determined by us in our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our (or our third party providers’) infrastructure.
(ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services or any activities conducted on the Services.
(iii) bypass, circumvent or attempt to bypass or circumvent any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services (or other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Services).
(iv) run any form of auto-responder or "spam" on the Services.
(v) use manual or automated software, devices, or other processes to “crawl” or “spider” any page of the App without our express written permission.
(vi) harvest or scrape any Content from the Services.
or (vii) otherwise take any action in violation of our guidelines and policies.
d.
You shall not (directly or indirectly): (i) decipher, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the Services (including without limitation any application), except to the limited extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction, (ii) modify, translate, or otherwise create derivative works of any part of the Services, or (iii) copy, rent, lease, distribute, or otherwise transfer any of the rights that you receive hereunder.
You shall abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations.
e.
We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce these Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users and the public.
f.
If for any reason the Service is not running as originally planned (e.g., if it becomes corrupted or does not allow the proper usage and processing of entries in accordance with the rules, or if infection by a computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, actions by entrants, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes of any kind, in the sole opinion of Company corrupts or affects the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of the Service), Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual implicated in or relating to the cause and/or to cancel, terminate, extend, modify or suspend the Service, and select the winner(s) from all eligible entries.
If such cancellation, termination, modification or suspension occurs, notification may be posted on the Site.



Third-Party Services.
The Services may permit you to link to or otherwise access other websites, services or resources on your device and the Internet, and other websites, services or resources may contain links to or be accessed by the Services or the App (including, without limitation, sites and services to synchronize video to music).
These other resources are not under our control, and you acknowledge that we are not responsible or liable for the content, functions, accuracy, legality, appropriateness or any other aspect of such websites or resources.
The inclusion of any such link or access does not imply our endorsement or any association between us and their operators.
You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such website or resource.



Location-Based Services.
We may offer features that are based on the location of users and which may report on the locations of those users as they use the Services (the "Location-Based Services").
You may partake in using these Location-Based Services solely at your own discretion, and may opt out of providing such information by turning off those features.
Should you use Location-Based Services, you are consenting to our collection and dissemination of your location information through the Services.
Under no circumstances shall we be liable for claims or damages therefrom arising out of your informed decision to disseminate your location information through the Service.



In-App Purchases.
Through the Applications, you may purchase ("In App Purchase") certain goods designed to enhance the performance of the Services (“Goods”).
When you purchase Goods, you are doing so through either Apple iTunes service or the Google Play service and you are agreeing to their respective Terms and Conditions.
(http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/us/terms.html.
http://play.google.com/intl/en_us/about/play-terms.html).
We are not a party to any In App Purchase.



Termination.
We may terminate your access to all or any part of the Services at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your use of the Services.
If you wish to terminate your Account, you may do so by removing the App from your device and following the instructions on the App or through the Services.
All provisions of these Terms of Use which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, licenses of User Content, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.



Warranty Disclaimer.
a.
We have no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you.
You acknowledge that we have no duty to take any action regarding:
i.
which users gain access to the Services;
ii.
what Content you access via the Services.
or
iii.
how you may interpret or use the Content.
b.
You release us from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services.
We make no representations concerning any Content contained in or accessed through the Services, and we will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, or legality of material or Content contained in or accessed through the Services.
c.
The views and opinions of our hosts are their own and not necessarily representative of the views and opinions of the Company or its employees, and the Company assumes no responsibility for the Content, accuracy, or views of or opinions expressed by such hosts.
d.
THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", “AS AVAILABLE” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.
WE, AND OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, PARTNERS AND CONTENT PROVIDERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT: (I) THE SERVICES WILL BE SECURE OR AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION.
(II) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED.
(III) ANY CONTENT OR SOFTWARE AVAILABLE AT OR THROUGH THE SERVICES IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
OR (IV) THE RESULTS OF USING THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS.
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.



Indemnification.
You shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us, our affiliates and each of our and their respective employees, contractors, directors, suppliers and representatives from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, that arise from or relate to your use or misuse of, or access to, the Services, Content, or otherwise from your User Content, violation of these Terms of Use, or infringement by you, or any third party using your Account or identity in the Services, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will assist and cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.



Limitation of Liability.
IN NO EVENT SHALL WE, NOR OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES (I) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, DATA LOSS, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, COMPENSATORY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER (HOWEVER ARISING), (II) FOR ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE (REGARDLESS OF THE SOURCE OF ORIGINATION), OR (III) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF (IN THE AGGREGATE) OF&nbsp;THE GREATER OF (A) THE VALUE OF THE PRIZES YOU HAVE WON DURING THE IMMEDIATELY PREVIOUS THREE (3) MONTH PERIOD OR (B) $50.00.



ARBITRATION CLAUSE &amp.
CLASS ACTION WAIVER–IMPORTANT–PLEASE REVIEW AS THIS AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS


13.1.
Binding Arbitration

a.
Either party may initiate binding arbitration as the sole means to resolve claims, subject to the terms set forth below.
Specifically, all claims arising out of or relating to these Terms (including their formation, performance and breach), the parties’ relationship with each other and/or your use of the Service shall be finally settled by binding arbitration administered by the JAMS in accordance with the provisions of its Streamlined Arbitration Rules &amp.
Procedures, excluding any rules or procedures governing or permitting class actions.
b.
The arbitrator, and not any federal, state or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of these Terms, including, but not limited to any claim that all or any part of these Terms are void or voidable, or whether a claim is subject to arbitration.
The arbitrator shall be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in a court under law or in equity.
The arbitrator’s award shall be written, and binding on the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
c.
The Commercial Arbitration Rules governing the arbitration may be accessed at www.jamsadr.com or by calling 1.800.352.5267.
To the extent the filing fee for the arbitration exceeds the cost of filing a lawsuit, Company will pay the additional cost.
If the arbitrator finds the arbitration to be non-frivolous, Company will pay all of the actual filing and arbitrator fees for the arbitration, provided your claim does not exceed $75,000.
The arbitration rules also permit you to recover attorney’s fees in certain cases.
The parties understand that, absent this mandatory provision, they would have the right to sue in court and have a jury trial.
They further understand that, in some instances, the costs of arbitration could exceed the costs of litigation and the right to discovery may be more limited in arbitration than in court.

13.2 Location

a.
If you are a resident of the United States, arbitration will take place at any reasonable location within the United States convenient for you.
For residents in Canada, arbitration shall be initiated in the County of New York, State of New York, United States of America, and you and Company agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of any federal or state court in New York County, New York, in order to compel arbitration, to stay proceedings pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.

13.3 Class Action Waiver

a.
The parties further agree that any arbitration shall be conducted in their individual capacities only and not as a class action or other representative action, and the parties expressly waive their right to file a class action or seek relief on a class basis.
YOU AND COMPANY AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
If any court or arbitrator determines that the class action waiver set forth in this paragraph is void or unenforceable for any reason or that an arbitration can proceed on a class basis, then the arbitration provision set forth above shall be deemed null and void in its entirety and the parties shall be deemed to have not agreed to arbitrate disputes.

13.4 Exception–Litigation of Intellectual Property and Small Claims Court Claims

a.
Notwithstanding the parties' decision to resolve all disputes through arbitration, either party may bring an action in state or federal court to protect its intellectual property rights ("intellectual property rights" means patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks, and trade secrets, but not privacy or publicity rights).
Either party may also seek relief in a small claims court for disputes or claims within the scope of that court’s jurisdiction.

13.5 30-Day Right to Opt Out

a.
You have the right to opt out and not be bound by the arbitration and class action waiver provisions set forth above by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to the following address: Intermedia Labs, Inc., 138 Spring Street, New York, New York 10012.
The notice must be sent within 30 days of 04/20/2018 or your first use of the Service, whichever is later, otherwise you shall be bound to arbitrate disputes in accordance with the terms of those paragraphs.
If you opt out of these arbitration provisions, Company also will not be bound by them.

13.6 Changes to this Section

a.
Company will provide 60-days’ notice of any changes to this section.
Changes will become effective on the 60th day, and will apply prospectively only to any claims arising after the 60th day.
b.
For any dispute not subject to arbitration you and Company agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the federal and state courts located in New York, NY.
You further agree to accept service of process by mail, and hereby waive any and all jurisdictional and venue defenses otherwise available.
c.
The Terms and the relationship between you and Company shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflict of law provisions.



Governing Law and Jurisdiction.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, including its conflicts of law rules, and the United States of America.
You agree that any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of these Terms of Use shall be governed by the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and Federal courts of New York County, New York.



Modification.
Except with regarding to Section 13, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify or replace any of these Terms of Use, or change, suspend, or discontinue the Services (including without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content) at any time by posting a notice on the App or by sending you notice through the Services, via email or by another appropriate means of electronic communication.
We may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability.
While we will timely provide notice of modifications, it is also your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes.
Your continued use of the Services following notification of any changes to these Terms of Use constitutes acceptance of those changes, which will apply to your continued use of the Services going forward.
Your use of the Services is subject to the Terms of Use in effect at the time of such use.



DMCA Copyright Policy.
a.
The Company has adopted the following general policy toward copyright infringement in accordance with the&nbsp;Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
The address of the Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement ("Designated Agent") is listed at the end of this policy.
b.
Procedure for Reporting Copyright Infringement.
If you believe that material or content residing on or accessible through the Services infringes a copyright, please send a notice of copyright infringement containing the following information to the Designated Agent listed below


A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed;


Identification of works or materials being infringed;


Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing including information regarding the location of the infringing materials that the copyright owner seeks to have removed, with sufficient detail so that Company is capable of finding and verifying its existence;


Contact information about the notifier including address, telephone number and, if available, email address;


A statement that the notifier has a good faith belief that the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and


A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided is accurate and the notifying party is authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner.


c.
Please contact the Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement for the Company at Edward.Russavage@wolfgreenfield.com or at:
Edward J.
Russavage
Wolf, Greenfield &amp.
Sacks, P.C.
405 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10174
Phone: (617) 646-8000



Apple Device and Application Terms.
In the event you are accessing the Services via an application on a device provided by Apple, Inc.
("Apple") or an application obtained through the Apple App Store (in either case, an “Application”), the following shall apply:
a.
Both you and the Company acknowledge that these Terms of Use are concluded between you and the Company only, and not with Apple, and that Apple is not responsible for the Application or the Content;
b.
The Application is licensed to you on a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable basis, solely to be used in connection with the Services for your private, personal, non-commercial use, subject to all the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use as they are applicable to the Services;
c.
You will only use the Application in connection with an Apple device that you own or control;
d.
You acknowledge and agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Application;
e.
In the event of any failure of the Application to conform to any applicable warranty, including those implied by law, you may notify Apple of such failure.
upon notification, Apple’s sole warranty obligation to you will be to refund to you the purchase price, if any, of the Application;
f.
You acknowledge and agree that the Company, and not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party may have in relation to the Application;
g.
You acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any third party claim that the Application or your possession and use of the Application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, the Company, and not Apple, will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such infringement claim;
h.
You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and that you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties;
i.
Both you and the Company acknowledge and agree that, in your use of the Application, you will comply with any applicable third party terms of Agreement which may affect or be affected by such use.
and
j.
Both you and the Company acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these terms, and that upon your acceptance of these terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these terms against you as the third-party beneficiary hereof.



Miscellaneous.
a.
Entire Agreement and Severability.
These Terms of Use are the entire Agreement between you and us with respect to the Services, including use of the App, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and us with respect to the Services.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms of Use will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder
b.
Force Majeure.
We shall not be liable for any failure to perform our obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond our reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation.
c.
Assignment.
These Terms of Use are personal to you, and are not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with our prior written consent.
We may assign, transfer or delegate any of our rights and obligations hereunder without consent.
d.
Agency.
No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as a result of these Terms of Use and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect.
e.
Notices.
Unless otherwise specified in these Term of Service, all notices under these Terms of Use will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.
when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or email.
or the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service.
Electronic notices should be sent to legal@hy.pe.
f.
No Waiver.
Our failure to enforce any part of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of our right to later enforce that or any other part of these Terms of Use.
Waiver of compliance in any particular instance does not mean that we will waive compliance in the future.
In order for any waiver of compliance with these Terms of Use to be binding, we must provide you with written notice of such waiver through one of our authorized representatives.
g.
Headings.
The section and paragraph headings in these Terms of Use are for convenience only and shall not affect their interpretation.
h.
Relationships.
The App is not sponsored, endorsed, administered by, or associated with Apple or its subsidiaries or affiliates.



Contact.
You may contact us at the following address: Intermedia Labs, Inc., 138 Spring Street, New York, New York 10012.

Effective Date of Terms of Use: July&nbsp;6, 2017
GDSVF&amp;H\2855710.4 