 skip to main content We use cookies to make sure you get the best experience on our website.
If you continue without changing your settings, you're agreeing to receive all cookies on the IKEA website.Privacy policy&nbsp;|&nbsp;Read more about cookies Search &nbsp;&nbsp.
&lt;div class="buttonContainer"&gt;&lt;a href="javascript:void(0);"&gt;&lt;span class="buttonLeft"&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span class="buttonCaption"&gt;&lt;input id="lnkSearchBtnHeader" type="submit" value="Search" /&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span class="buttonRight"&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/div&gt.
Welcome! FAQ 
 Log In or Sign Up 
 My shopping cart 
 My shopping list 


 Join IKEA FAMILY 
 Join our email list 
 Información en español 


 Offers 
 New 
 IDEAS 
 Living room 
 Bedroom 
 Bath 
 Kitchens 
 Dining 
 Textiles 
 Business 
 Children's 
 Outdoor 
 Back to college 
 All Departments 
Bathroom
Laundry 
Bedroom
Lighting
Children’s
Living room
Cooking
Office furniture
Decoration
Outdoor Furniture
Dining 
Pets
Eating
Secondary storage
Food
Small storage
Hallway
Textiles &amp.
Rugs
Home electronics
Leisure &amp.
Safety
Home improvement
For business
Kitchen &amp.
appliances
Summer
Kitchens
Winter holidays


 Privacy Policy [As of 5/13/2019] About this Privacy Policy

We know how important it is for you to understand how we use your personal information.
This Privacy Policy sets out how and why IKEA North America Services, LLC (“IKEA”, “we,” “our,” or “us”) collect, store, process and share your personal information.
We strive to be transparent with you about what we do with your personal information.
This Privacy Policy covers our U.S.
stores and online experiences, including our websites and mobile apps.
This Privacy Policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use your personal information.

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to, the Terms of Use.
By using our websites and mobile applications, you accept and consent to the practices described in the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
If you do not agree to the Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy, please do not use our websites or mobile applications.

1.
What personal information do we collect?


Information you provide to us

You may provide the following information to us in our stores and online:
•	Personal and contact information, such as name, date of birth, email address, mobile/landline telephone number, home address, age, and gender•	IKEA FAMILY card number•	Payment information, such as credit card information and billing address•	Purchasing activity, product preferences, reasons for purchasing a product, family and lifestyle•	Information you post: If you comment or otherwise provide information in a public space on one of our websites, we collect a record of it and any personal information included in the comment.
For example, this may include posting a review of a product•	Information you provide through social media•	Other information you give us when you contact our customer services team, when you engage with our social media platform (for example by tagging us in a post on Instagram), when you sign up for IKEA FAMILY membership, or when you otherwise interact with us•	Some of our stores have supervised children’s play areas (“Smaland”) which can be used while you shop.
In order to use these areas, you will be asked to provide information including the child’s name and age, the parent’s or guardian’s name, address, telephone number and signature, and any necessary health information

Information collected through automated means

We may use automated technology such as cookies and other tracking software to collect personal information from your computer system or mobile device.
We may collect the following information:
•	Internet Protocol (IP) address or other device identifier•	Browser type and version•	Browsing information, such as pages you view and the links you click, and whether you access our website via a social media site•	Time zone setting•	Browser plug-in types and versions•	Operating system and platform•	Other portable device information•	With your permission, we may also collect your precise location data.
We may also collect the time spent visiting, usage patterns, and the domain name of the website from which you linked to our websites.*•	When you use our free in-store WiFi for your mobile device in an IKEA store, we collect your Media Access Control (MAC) address and location data.* If you do not want us to do this, please turn off the WiFi capability within your mobile device settings.
*We use this information on an anonymous basis and do not use it to identify any particular user.
We do not link this data to any other data that we hold about you.
Third parties may also provide us with additional publicly available information about you.

2.
When do we collect your personal information?

You share personal information with us in various ways in our stores and online.
For example, we receive personal information when you:
•	Purchase products and services from us in store, online, or over the phone•	Make a return or exchange•	Access our websites or use any of our mobile apps.
(To find out more about the use of cookies and how you can manage them, please read our Cookie Policy)•	Use our in-store WiFi services or have your WiFi switched on in-store•	Create an online account•	Join our IKEA FAMILY loyalty program•	Participate in surveys, competitions, promotions or certain discounts/coupons•	Contact our customer services team in store, online or over the phone•	Provide us your contact information so we can respond to your questions or concerns submitted through the in-store “Help Us to Improve” function•	Submit an application for employment•	Interact with us on social media (by mentioning/tagging us or by contacting us directly)•	Interact with our websites, such as when you visit our websites on a device, enable location-based features, or click on sponsored links or third-party advertisements on our websites or on other websites and online services•	Fill out a product registration form•	Request a catalog or subscribe to our email list•	Visit stores: IKEA uses cameras in and around its stores for security and operational purposes.
We may also retain an image of your likeness if you provide your picture to us•	Use our supervised children’s play area (“Smaland”)•	Apply for an IKEA Visa® Credit Card•	Sign up for mobile notifications regarding updates at your local IKEA store
At this time, we do not track our users’ personal information over time and across third-party websites.
We therefore do not respond to browser Do Not Track signals.

3.
How do we use your personal information?

We use your personal information for business purposes: to make our products and services available to you.
to personalize your shopping experience.
to improve our operations.
and for security and legal reasons.

Some examples of how we use your personal information include:
•	Processing and fulfilling orders online or in-stores, including by facilitating the delivery of product orders•	Communicating with you regarding purchases•	Responding to your questions and comments•	Measuring your customer satisfaction•	Enabling the safe and secure use of our supervised children’s play area in certain stores (Smaland)•	Providing you with marketing material via SMS, mail and email (with your consent where required by law)•	Analyzing shopping trends through account activity and purchase history to provide you a personalized browsing experience•	Sending IKEA FAMILY members special promotions based on store spend or customer birthday•	Allowing you to create a profile on our websites which enables you to purchase IKEA products and services online without having to fill in your personal information every time you shop online with us•	Ensuring that our websites are presented in the most effective and relevant manner for you and your device, including setting default options for you such as language and store location•	Conducting checks for fraud or other illegal activity•	Protecting our rights or property (or those of others)•	Fulfilling our legal and compliance-related obligations (such as if we receive a legitimate request from a law enforcement agency)

4.
With whom do we share your personal information?

We do not sell personal information to third parties.

In order for us to provide our products and services to you, we share some of your personal information with trusted third-party service providers, with other members of the IKEA-brand corporate family, or with public authorities, as detailed below.

•	We use third party service providers to help with delivery, product assembly and installation, waste removal and processing payments.
Your personal information may be stored and processed by our vendors and service providers in the United States or other locations where the service providers or IKEA have facilities.•	We may share your financial information including your credit, debit card or other payment information with third parties to ensure that your payment is safe and that your details are not being used fraudulently•	We may disclose your personal information to our insurers where we believe that it is required by law or contract•	We use pixels and cookies in our work with customer database hosting providers, marketing agencies and advertising partners to place relevant content and advertisements for you on our own websites and apps, as well as other websites, online media channels and apps (see Cookie Policy)•	We may share data with other members of the IKEA-brand corporate family to facilitate operations and business•	We may share or disclose your personal information with law enforcement agencies or public authorities in order to prevent or detect crime or fraudulent activities, as well as in order to fulfil any legal or regulatory obligations•	We may share your personal information to comply with court orders and to exercise and/or defend our legal rights•	We may share your personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets•	We may use your personal information with your consent or as otherwise permitted or required by law
We also disclose non-private, deidentified, aggregate or otherwise non-personal information with third parties, including social media companies like Facebook and Twitter, and online advertising companies like Google, to deliver targeted advertising about other products and services for marketing purposes.
You may opt-out of receiving marketing messages by using the opt-out mechanisms and links provided in each message.

5.
How do we protect the privacy of children?

IKEA does not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children younger than 13 on IKEA websites or mobile applications.
We do not knowingly allow children to order our products, communicate with us, or use any of our online services.
If you are a parent and become aware that your child has provided us with information, please contact us using one of the methods specified below, and we will work with you to address this issue.

6.
What are your rights with respect to your personal information?

Depending on your jurisdiction, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal information.
If you would like to speak to us about any of your rights, please contact us.

International Users

By using our websites or mobile apps, you agree to the transfer of your information to the United States and processing globally.
By providing your information you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
While certain products may be sold outside the United States, including in the European Union, our websites and mobile apps are not marketed to or intended to be used by any non-United States resident.

Your California Privacy Rights

If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request a list of all third parties to which we, during the immediately preceding calendar year, have disclosed certain personally identifiable information for direct marketing purposes.
IKEA does not share personal information about its consumers with any third parties outside the IKEA corporate family for their own marketing purposes.
We are only required to respond to a customer request once during any calendar year.
To make such a request you should send a letter to IKEA North America Services, LLC, Attn: California Privacy Rights.
420 Alan Wood Road, Conshohocken, PA 19428.
Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the California privacy rights requirements and only information sharing that is covered will be included in our response.

7.
How may you indicate your privacy preferences?

You can set your preferences in your online profile in our websites and apps.

If you no longer wish to receive our marketing materials, you can unsubscribe through your profile.
You can also click the unsubscribe link in our marketing emails.
We want to ensure that all the information we have about our customers is correct and up to date.
If you find that the personal information we have about you is inaccurate or needs updating (for instance, you may have changed your name or address) please update your profile.

For your mobile device, you may opt out of precise location tracking and/or push notifications by changing your settings.
(Note that opting out may affect your ability to fully use the application.) To avoid collection of your MAC address and location data while you are within the IKEA store, turn off the WiFi capability on your phone or other electronic device within your device settings.

8.
How do we keep your information safe?

We take the security of your personal information very seriously.
We have implemented various strategies, controls, policies and measures to keep your information secure and keep these measures under close review.
We use encryption techniques and other safeguards such as firewalls and password protection.
This means that your information is protected and only accessible by personnel who need it to carry out their job responsibilities, or shared with third parties as described above.
We implement physical controls in our buildings that restrict access to your personal information.

9.
How long do we retain your information?

In general, we will only retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
This means that the retention periods will vary according to the type of the information and the reason that we have the information.

10.
Links to Third-Party Websites and Additional Terms 

Our websites may contain links to third-party sites that are not governed by this Privacy Policy.
If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be taken to a site we do not control.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices used by third-party sites.
We suggest that you read the privacy policies of those sites carefully.
In addition, IKEA may from time to time offer special programs, events, promotions or services that have additional terms or privacy policies.
We suggest that you review the applicable terms before participating.

11.
IKEA’s Privacy Contacts

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or your rights under it please contact:

Address:
IKEA North America Services, LLCAttn: Data Privacy Manager420 Alan Wood RdConshohocken PA 19428 

Telephone: 1-888-888-4532

E-mail: 	infosec.dataprivacy.us@ikea.com

12.
Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Please regularly check for updates.
You can tell if the Privacy Policy has changed by checking the revision date that appears above.
If we change this Privacy Policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you.
By using our websites or mobile apps, you agree to accept the terms of this Privacy Policy as stated at the time you use them. Catalog &amp.
Brochures 
Request
View Online
Buying Guides
Need Help 
FAQ
Contact Us
Feedback
Return Policy
Children's Product Registration
Product Recalls
Privacy Policy
Delivery Information 
Delivery
Picking with Delivery
Track an Order
Delivery Terms &amp.
Conditions
Helpful Links 
Find an IKEA Store
All Products
Planning Tools
IKEA Food &amp.
Restaurant
Warranties
IKEA Services
IKEA Credit Card Management
IKEA Gift Card
This is IKEA 
The IKEA Concept
Democratic Design
About the IKEA Group
People &amp.
Planet
Press Room
Read Our Materials
IKEA Foundation
 Jobs at IKEA 
 Partners 
TaskRabbit
 Follow IKEA on social media © Inter IKEA Systems B.V.
1999-2019 Feedback Help us improve by sharing your feedback.
We love your feedback! Please note that if you have a concern you need handled immediately, please contact our Customer Services How are we doing? Please rate your experience with our website today. Hate Dislike Neutral Like Love Select an element on the page.
false
We love your feedback! Please note that if you have a concern you need handled immediately, please contact our Customer Services
Connecting your feedback with data related to your visits (device-specific, usage data, cookies, behavior and interactions) will help us improve faster.
Do you give us your consent to do so for your previous and future visits?&nbsp;More information



 Skip Send Select an element on the page.
