 Choose your language North America United States (English) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Latin America México (Español) Chile (Español) Argentina (Español) Europe Deutschland (Deutsch) Österreich (Deutsch) France (Français) Belgique (Français) Romania, Moldova (Română) España (Español) Italia (Italiano) United Kingdom (English) Asia Pacific Australia (English) Singapore (English) New Zealand (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 新加坡 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 香港 (繁體中文) 
 English 


 Home 
 Editions 
 Compare Editions 
 Basic 
 Express 
 Advanced 
 Pro 


 Free Tools 
 View Shared Passwords 
 One-Time Secret Notes 
 Password Generator 


 Login 
 Create Account 
 Terms of Service Everything you need to know about our Terms of Service.
Terms of service The following terms and conditions apply to all content, services and products available at or through the IntuitivePassword.com (the Website).
The Website is owned and operated by Intuitive Password and is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by Intuitive Password (collectively, the 'Agreement').
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the web site.
By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement.
If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services.
If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by Intuitive Password, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms.
Your account and security If you create an account on the Website, you will provide a valid email address at the time of registration for subscribing to our services.
You must be a human.
Accounts registered by "bots" or other automated methods are not permitted.
You will further update and keep your email address current as needed.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and your account and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account and any other actions taken in connection with it.
You must not describe or assign keywords to your account in a misleading or unlawful manner, including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and Intuitive Password may change or remove any description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise likely to cause Intuitive Password liability.
You must immediately notify Intuitive Password of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security.
Intuitive Password will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
Your login may only be used by one person - a single login shared by multiple people is not permitted.
The Basic edition of Intuitive Password is intended for personal, non-commercial use only.
The unauthorized commercial use of Basic edition is prohibited.
Intuitive Password reserves all its rights in the event of a violation of this policy, which may include discontinuation of the subscription itself, suspension of your privileges as a user, and enforcement of Intuitive Password' rights under law and equity.
Responsibility of website visitors Intuitive Password has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material's content, use or effects.
By operating the Website, Intuitive Password does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful.
You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content.
The Website may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors.
The Website may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated.
Intuitive Password disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
Content posted on other websites We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which IntuitivePassword.com links, and that link to IntuitivePassword.com.
Intuitive Password does not have any control over those non-IntuitivePassword.com websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use.
By linking to a non-IntuitivePassword.com website or webpage, Intuitive Password does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage.
You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content.
Intuitive Password disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-IntuitivePassword websites and webpages.
Copyright As Intuitive Password asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others.
If you believe that material located on or linked to by IntuitivePassword.com violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify Intuitive Password in accordance with Intuitive Password's Copyright Policy.
Intuitive Password will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material.
Intuitive Password will terminate a visitor's access to and use of the Website if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of Intuitive Password or others.
In the case of such termination, Intuitive Password will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to Intuitive Password.
Intellectual property This Agreement does not transfer from Intuitive Password to you any Intuitive Password or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Intuitive Password.
Intuitive Password, IntuitivePassword.com, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with IntuitivePassword.com, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intuitive Password or Intuitive Password' licensors.
Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties.
Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Intuitive Password or third-party trademarks.
Changes to terms of service Intuitive Password reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement.
It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes.
Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Intuitive Password may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources).
Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Termination Intuitive Password may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately.
If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have a Services account, such account can only be terminated by Intuitive Password if you materially breach this Agreement and fail to cure such breach within thirty (30) days from Intuitive Password' notice to you thereof.
provided that, Intuitive Password can terminate the Website immediately as part of a general shut down of our service.
All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer of warranties The Website is provided 'as is'.
Intuitive Password and its suppliers, licensors and affiliate companies hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
Neither Intuitive Password nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted.
You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk.
Limitation of liability In no event will Intuitive Password, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages.
(ii) the cost of procurement or substitute products or services.
(iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data.
or (iv) for any amounts that increase the fees paid by you to Intuitive Password under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the date the cause of the action accrues.
Intuitive Password shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control.
The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
General representation and warranty You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the Intuitive Password Privacy Statement, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
Indemnification You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Intuitive Password, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to out of your violation this Agreement.
Miscellaneous This Agreement includes everything between Intuitive Password and the user concerning the subject matter hereof, and the content may only be modified through a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of Intuitive Password.
Except through the applicable law, if any, the use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the state, excluding its conflict of law provisions.
The succeeding party shall be entitled to all costs in any action to enforce this Agreement.
If any part of this Agreement is held unenforceable or invalid, that will put forth the parties' original intent and the remaining portions will remain effective.
A waiver by either party, in any instance, of the term or condition of this Agreement or breach will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach.
The user may assign their rights under this Agreement to any party that agrees to be bound by its terms and conditions.
Intuitive Password may also assign its rights under this agreement without condition.
The Agreement will be binding upon the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.

Home
Compare Editions
Account Login
Create Account
Verify Email Address
Account Inheritance
Emergency Access


Security
Terms of Service
Privacy Statement
GDPR Compliance
Data Processing Agreement
Affiliate Agreement
Affiliate Program


View Shared Passwords
One-Time Secret Notes
Password Generator
Help Us Translate
Server Status
Server Uptime Monitor


About Us
Contact Us
FAQ's
User ManualNEW
Video Tutorials
Release Notes
 Contact Us 


 SEND MESSAGE Home/ Security/ Terms/ Privacy © 2019 Intuitive Security Systems Pty.
Ltd. ABN 22 168 534 156 






 