 
 About 
 Living Games 
 Careers 
 Products 
 Partners 
 Charity 
 Cookies Policy Version 0.1
Date May 25th, 2018.
Jagex uses “Cookies” and other similar technologies to tailor content and marketing, and to improve and adjust user experiences.
To find out more about “Cookies”, other similar technologies and the options available to manage them, please see below.

Cookies and other similar technologies

We use cookies and other similar technologies on our website, products and services.
 Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer that hold information that a website can read.
For example, cookies can be used to authenticate your visit and prevent you from having to log in every time you visit the website.
We collect both personal and non-personal information from you when you use our websites, products and services.
For more information on how we deal with your information, please see our Privacy Policy.
We and our partners also use other technologies, including data stored on your web browser or device, identifiers associated with your device and other software for similar purposes.
In this policy, we refer to “Cookies” and other similar technologies as “Cookies.” These technologies can be used to recognise your device as it interacts with our services.
For instance, we can recognise when you visit pages on our or others’ sites, use parts of an app or when you open emails we send you.
These technologies include the following:



Pixel tags:
 Pixel tags are small blocks of code we install on our webpages, emails or advertisements.
These are used to relay information about how you interact with our services and may contain information about your device and browser.
For example, information about your device type, operating system, browser type and version, website visited, time of visit, referring website, IP address, whether you’ve opened an email or clicked on an advertisement.
Pixels also provide the means by which third parties can set and read browser cookies from our websites.


Local storage:
 Where other types of cookies cannot be used, local storage allows us to store additional data to help improve your experience while using our services.


IP address:
 Every device that is connected to the internet has an Internet Protocol address.
When you interact with our services, we and our partners use your IP address for security purposes, for example, to prevent fraud.
We may also use your IP address to identify your location and display content that is more appropriate to you.


Device identifiers:
 We may also create or collect a unique device identifier so we can understand how you use your devices to access our services.

You can use your browser settings to allow or disallow Cookies.
If you disallow Cookies, your use of our website, products or services may be impaired.

Types of Cookies

There are four categories of Cookies that may be served through our website, products or services:



Necessary:
 These Cookies are required in order for our services to operate.
For example, maintaining a logged in session.
Our websites cannot function without these cookies.


Performance:
 These Cookies are used to help us understand how our services are being used so that we can improve your experience using our services.


Functionality:
 These Cookies are used to enable additional functionalities in our services.
For example, remembering your preferred language for your next visit.


Targeting:
 These Cookies are used to offer you more relevant advertising on other websites and to limit the number of times you see an advertisement.
Our partners serve advertisements about our products and services and measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.


Who sets Cookies on your device

Cookies we place on your device when you are using our services are referred to as ‘first party Cookies’.
Our partners can also place Cookies on your device while you are using our services, and these are referred to as ‘third party Cookies’.
We do not control third party cookies and cannot access them due to the way that cookies work, as cookies can only be accessed by the party who originally set them.
We encourage you to review the privacy and cookies polices of the third parties we work with for more information about cookies they set and how to manage them.

Managing Cookies

You can review your options to manage Cookies by opening the “Help” menu on the browser menu bar.
Most browsers will tell you how you can disable or delete Cookies or set your browser to alert you when Cookies are being sent to your computer.
If you reject all Cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our websites and other products and services (including signing in to your account or completing a purchase on your shopping basket).

Policy Updates

We may update our Cookie Policy from time to time to reflect changes in technology, legislation, our operations, or as we otherwise determine is necessary or appropriate.
Any such changes will become effective when we make the revised policy available on our website.
We encourage you to review the date above frequently to ensure you are aware of when our policy was last revised, and to help you better understand the nature of your interactions with us.

First party Cookies list

Our website, products or services may contain, but are not limited to, the following Cookies.

Type


 Name


Purpose

 
Necessary
JAG_SSO
Server session ID that keeps you logged in while using some of our services.
Necessary
XSRF-TOKEN
A security feature preventing malicious activity between your device and our servers.
Necessary
SESSION
An identifier used while you are logged in to associate your browser session with your account on our servers.
Necessary
session
An identifier used while you are logged in to associate your browser session with your account on our servers.
Necessary
JSESSIONID
An identifier used while you are logged in to associate your browser session with your account on our servers.
 
Performance
JXDOB
Stores the date of birth chosen when creating an account.
Performance
cookieconsent_dismissed
Set to let us know you have seen our cookie message.
Performance
cookies
Set to let us know you have seen our cookie message when making a payment.
Performance
settings
Stores details about services accessed and how/where they were accessed from – for example if you clicked a link to our site from an affiliate.
Performance
usrdob
Temporarily stores the date of birth you enter when creating an account.
 
Functionality
rs_splash_count
We store this to remember the number of times you have seen our RuneScape ‘splash’ page.
Having this cookie set means you will be redirected to the main RuneScape page when visiting www.runescape.com.
Functionality
IDCHECKCOOKIE
Used to ensure we can successfully process payments.
Functionality
rs_langpref
We use this cookie to know your preferred language for viewing our website.
Functionality
slangpref
We use this cookie to know your preferred language for viewing our website.
Functionality
serverlist_order
We use this to remember the order you wish to view lists of game worlds in.
Functionality
JXRSLAUNCHING
Prevents duplicate launch requests of our game clients.
Functionality
openJdkInstalled
We use this to determine if you have previously installed our game client.
Functionality
is_returning
We use this cookie to know if you have visited our website before and to customise what content you see.
Functionality
global___user-visited
We use this cookie to know if you have visited our website before and to customise what content you see.
Functionality
rs_poll_en
Used to determine if you have voted in a poll on our website.
Functionality
rs_poll_de
Used to determine if you have voted in a poll on our website.
Functionality
rs_poll_fr
Used to determine if you have voted in a poll on our website.
Functionality
rs_poll_pt
Used to determine if you have voted in a poll on our website.
Functionality
rs_poll_vote_iden
Used to determine what you voted for in a poll on our website.
Functionality
rs_poll_vote_idde
Used to determine what you voted for in a poll on our website.
Functionality
rs_poll_vote_idfr
Used to determine what you voted for in a poll on our website.
Functionality
rs_poll_vote_idpt
Used to determine what you voted for in a poll on our website.
Functionality
rememberme
Stores your username to make it easier to log in on future visits.
Functionality
sameday
Used to deliver content specific to new accounts.
Functionality
sn-integration___ga-id
Used to identify if you created an account using a social network.
 
Targeting
JXFLOWCONTROL
Allows us to test improvements to our website on limited numbers of users.
Targeting
JXFRONTUID
A unique identifier we use to track the pages you visit on our websites.  We use the information to make improvements to the website.
Targeting
JXTEMPSESSIONID
A unique identifier we use to track the pages you visit on our websites.  We use the information to make improvements to the website.
Targeting
JXADDINFO
Stores the identifiers of affiliates used when creating an account.
Targeting
JXTAG
Stores an account identifier that allows us to display more relevant content to you.
Targeting
JXTRACKING
An identifier we use to track the pages you visit on our websites.
We use the information to make improvements to the website.
Targeting
JXWEBUID
Helps us identify previous visits to our websites.
Targeting
jagex_accept_cookies
Set to let us know you have seen our cookie message.
Targeting
JXSESSIONTRACKID
This cookie represents your session on the website both before and after you log in in the same browser session.

 About 
 Living Games 
 Careers 
 Products 
 Partners 
 Charity 

Copyright © 1999 - 2018 Jagex Ltd.
220 Science Park, Cambridge, CB4 0WA, United Kingdom.
Contact Us | Gender Pay Gap Report.
Use of this website is subject to our Terms &amp.
Conditions, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.   
 About 
 Living Games 
 Careers 
 Products 
 Partners 
 Charity 
 Privacy Policy Version 0.2
Date July 24th, 2018.
INTRODUCTION
Jagex respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data.
This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
The General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”) is a regulation in EU law on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA).
It also addresses the export of personal data outside the EU and EEA areas.
The GDPR aims primarily to give control to citizens and residents over their personal data and to simplify the regulatory environment for international business by unifying the regulation within the EU.

1.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE


PURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY

This privacy policy aims to give you information on how Jagex collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up to play any of our games, subscribe to our newsletter, purchase a product or service or take part in a competition or a survey.
This website is not intended for children under 13 years old and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children under 13 years old.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other policies we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.
This privacy policy supplements the other policies and is not intended to override them.

CONTROLLER

Jagex Limited is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as “COMPANY”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy policy).
We have appointed an external data protection officer (DPO) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the external DPO using the details set out below.

CONTACT DETAILS

Our full details are:
Full name of legal entity: Jagex Limited
Name of external DPO: Robert Healey
Email address: DPO@jagex.com
Postal address: Suite 511, The Greenhouse, The Custard Factory, Gibb Street, Birmingham, B9 4AA.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk).
We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.

CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES

This version was last updated on May 2018 and historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.
Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.

THIRD-PARTY LINKS

This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications.
Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you.
We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.

2.
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU

Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:


Identity Data includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, title and date of birth.



Contact Data includes billing address, home address, email address and telephone numbers.



Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.



Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.



Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.



Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.



Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.

If you decide to make a payment for any of our products and services, your Financial Data, which includes your bank account and payment card details, will be collected by our external payment service provider.
We will not have access, collect, use, store or transfer your Financial Data.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose.
Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature.
However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data).
Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.

IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE PERSONAL DATA

Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services).
In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.

3.
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?

We use different methods to collect data from and about you including, but not limited to:


Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise.
This includes personal data you provide when you:


apply for our products or services;


create an account on our website;


subscribe to our service or publications;


request marketing to be sent to you;


enter a competition, promotion or survey.
or


give us some feedback.



Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns.
We collect this personal data by using cookies, pixels, server logs and other similar technologies.
We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies.
Please see our Cookie Policy for further details.



Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:


Technical Data from the following parties:


(a) analytics providers such as Google based inside AND outside the EU;

(b) advertising networks such as Facebook based inside AND outside the EU.
and

(c) search information providers such as Google based inside AND outside the EU.

Contact, and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services based inside AND outside the EU.


Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators based inside AND outside the EU.


Identity and Contact Data from publicly availably sources such as Companies House and the Electoral Register based inside the EU.


4.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA

We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to.
Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:

Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.


Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.


Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.

Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you.
You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by Contacting us.

PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA

We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so.
We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.

Purpose/Activity


Type of data


Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest

To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Profile
(e) Usage
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Obtain consent for marketing activities performed by third parties
 
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Transaction
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) explicit consent
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
 
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
 
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
 
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Transaction
(e) Usage
(a) Performance of contract
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(c) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
 
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
(c) Marketing and Communications
(d) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
 
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
To ask you to take part in research to improve our game platform
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Transaction
(d) Technical
(e) Profile
(f) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
To process your job application to work with us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
 

MARKETING

We provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
We have established the following personal data control mechanisms:

PROMOTIONAL OFFERS FROM US

We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you.
This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or registered to play our games or purchased goods or services from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion.

THIRD-PARTY MARKETING

We will get your explicit opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside Jagex for marketing purposes.

OPTING OUT

You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the website and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences or by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by Contacting us at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, product/service experience or other transactions.

COOKIES

You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies.
If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
For more information about the cookies we use, please see our Cookie Policy.

CHANGE OF PURPOSE

We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.

5.
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

We may have to share your personal data with third parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.

Specific marketing partners listed here.
We may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them.
If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.

We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.

6.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS

Some of our external third parties are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:

We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission.


Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.


Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US.


7.
DATA SECURITY

We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know.
They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.

8.
DATA RETENTION


HOW LONG WILL YOU USE MY PERSONAL DATA FOR?

We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years plus current year after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Request erasure below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.

9.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS

Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
We set out below a brief description of such rights:


Request access to your personal data
(commonly known as a “data subject access request”): This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.

Request correction of your personal data
: This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.

Request erasure of your personal data
: This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.
You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law.
Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.

Object to processing 
of your personal data: Where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms.
You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms

Request restriction of processing your personal data
: This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy.
or (b) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it

Request the transfer 
of your personal data to you or to a third party: We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.

Withdraw consent at any time 
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data: However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.
If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you.
We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent

If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please Contact us.

NO FEE USUALLY REQUIRED

You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights).
However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.

WHAT WE MAY NEED FROM YOU

We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights).
This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.

TIME LIMIT TO RESPOND

We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests, in which case we will inform you of an extension period of up to 2 months.
In this case, we will keep you informed on progress.

10.
GLOSSARY


LAWFUL BASIS


Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience.
We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests.
We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by Contacting us.

Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.

Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.

Explicit consent
for external marketing means your personal data will not be disclosed to any third party unless you have given your explicit consent to such disclosure.

11.
POLICY UPDATES

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in technology, legislation, our operations, or as we otherwise determine is necessary or appropriate.
Any such changes will become effective when we make the revised policy available on our website.
We encourage you to review the date above frequently to ensure you are aware of when our policy was last revised, and to help you better understand the nature of your interactions with us.

 About 
 Living Games 
 Careers 
 Products 
 Partners 
 Charity 

Copyright © 1999 - 2018 Jagex Ltd.
220 Science Park, Cambridge, CB4 0WA, United Kingdom.
Contact Us | Gender Pay Gap Report.
Use of this website is subject to our Terms &amp.
Conditions, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.   
 About 
 Living Games 
 Careers 
 Products 
 Partners 
 Charity 
 Terms and Conditions Version 0.2
Date August 20th 2018.
1.
Introduction
This website is owned and operated by Jagex Limited ( "Jagex"), a company registered in England and Wales (registered number 3982706).
Our registered office is at St John's Innovation Centre, Cowley Road, Cambridge, CB4 0WS, United Kingdom.
Our VAT number is 791 951 784. 
2.
Definitions

"Jagex Product(s)" is used as shorthand for our online games including all Jagex websites used to play those games and products published by Jagex on behalf of third parties. THE ONGOING SUPPLY OF ANY PARTICULAR JAGEX PRODUCT IS NOT GUARANTEED.
SOME JAGEX PRODUCTS HAVE AGE RESTRICTIONS.
References to "Stopping" or to "Stop" an account includes temporarily or permanently banning or muting an account.
If your account is muted, you can continue to play but will not be able to use free text chat.
If your account is banned, you will not be able to access your account and any licenses previously granted to you to use Jagex Products will be revoked.
This means you will lose your account, characters and any in-game items or currency.
Subscription credit continues to expire if accounts are Stopped. More information about when Jagex may Stop your account can be found in section 12 of these terms and conditions.

"Subscriber" is used to describe a user of a Jagex Product who pays a fee to obtain enhanced features of that Jagex Product.
More information about subscriptions can be found in section 13 of these terms and conditions.

"User Content" means all information of any kind (including text, images, video, information and messages) uploaded or sent by users on or in connection with Jagex Products.
Jagex Products may include social elements which permit players to come into contact with and chat to other players.
Messages exchanged between players, whether in private in-game messaging or public forums, are included within this definition of User Content.

"Virtual Currencies" is used to describe the in-game currencies that can be purchased in certain Jagex Products.
More information about Virtual Currencies can be found in section 14 of these terms and conditions.
Other terms are defined in context below. 
3.
Applicability of the terms and conditions
Please read these terms and conditions carefully.
It is a condition of your use of a Jagex Product (whether or not you are a Subscriber) that you accept these terms and conditions in full.
If you don't agree with any part, please do not use the Jagex Product.
4.
Changes to the terms and conditions
We may change these terms and conditions to reflect: (a) changes in applicable laws.
(b) regulatory or security requirements.
(c) relevant guidance or codes of practice.
(d) technical alterations to Jagex Products.
and (e) to improve clarity and consistency.
Please check the terms and conditions whenever you use a Jagex Product.
If you are not a Subscriber, we will treat your continued use of a Jagex Product as acceptance of these changes from their effective date (as shown above).
If you are a Subscriber, we will treat the first renewal date of your subscription after the changes as your acceptance of the changes.
If you do not agree with the changes you should cancel your subscription (as explained below in section 14 of these terms and conditions) before the renewal date.
5.
Preteens and users under 18
Some Jagex Products may have age restrictions which prevent users under 13 creating an account.
If a Jagex Product is not subject to age restrictions, a user under 13 may create an account.
However, they must get consent from their parents/guardians to use the Jagex Product in accordance with our terms and conditions and privacy policy.
We may Stop any account if we are not satisfied that such consent has been given or that such consent does not comply with local laws regarding users who are under 13 years of age.
We do not knowingly collect or store any personally identifiable information from children under 13.
If we find out that any personally identifiable information we have collected is from someone under 13, we will automatically delete it, and we may Stop the account.
We recommend that parents/guardians should play together with their children who are under the age of 13.
If you are under 18, by using our website you are representing (i.e.
making a promise) that you have consent from your parents/guardian to use Jagex Products in accordance with our terms and conditions and privacy policy.
We may Stop any account if we are not satisfied that such consent has been given.
If we are told by a parent/guardian that their child has lied about their age when registering for Jagex Products, we will Stop the account provided we have information which satisfies us that the reporting person is indeed the parent or guardian of that child.
Parents can find more information about Jagex Products and how to contact us here.
6.
Safety and abuse
Before using any Jagex Product you should read the safety information.
For RuneScape this can be found here. Parents of those under 18 should also review this information.
We are under no obligation to (and do not) monitor User Content.
You should be aware of the potential risks of using a service which includes extensive User Content.
User Content may be inaccurate, out of date or otherwise inappropriate.
We cannot guarantee that users will comply with our terms and conditions, rules or otherwise behave appropriately.
You should not assume that a person is who he or she claims to be.
In your own interests, you should not attempt to contact any user outside a Jagex Product.
If you are the victim of offensive or inappropriate behaviour or receive any other unwanted communications, you should report such inappropriate behaviour to us via the in game "Report abuse" button as well as seeking appropriate external help, for example from parents or law enforcement authorities.
If you continue to suffer problems, or are not satisfied, then you must stop using the relevant Jagex Product(s).
7.
Your account and license
To use many features of Jagex Products, we require you to create an account and, in relation to some Jagex Products, download client software.
We grant valid account holders a non-exclusive, non-transferable, personal, limited license, which can be revoked at any time, to use Jagex Products, to download and use our client software and to connect to our servers solely to use Jagex Products for non-commercial purposes in accordance with these terms and conditions.
THE JAGEX PRODUCTS AND ANY ASSOCIATED SOFTWARE ARE LICENSED, NOT SOLD.
YOUR LICENSE CONFERS NO TITLE OR OWNERSHIP TO THE JAGEX PRODUCTS OR SOFTWARE. 
When setting up an account for a Jagex Product, you may be asked to choose a username.
You must not choose a username that infringes the rights of any third party, impersonates Jagex staff or other users, which is deliberately confusing, offensive, racist, obscene, hurtful, unlawful or otherwise inappropriate or which breaches the username requirements specified on the website or in the rules of the Jagex Product.
We reserve the right to make such assessment in our sole discretion, change any username for any reason or take such other action as we believe appropriate.
You agree to keep your password safe at all times and not to disclose it to any other person.
You are responsible for the activities of all persons who use your password to gain access to your account.
To help ensure the safety of your password, you must keep your computer free of viruses and other malicious code including Trojans, worms, time bombs, malware and spyware.
You must use your password in accordance with the password requirements specified on the website or in the rules of the Jagex Product.
Real Jagex staff will never ask you for your password.
If you believe that someone has stolen your password or otherwise gained access to your account, you should submit an account recovery request via the website of the Jagex Product.
8.
Intellectual property rights and ownership
Jagex ®, RuneScape ®, Chronicle RuneScape Legends ®, Block N Load ®, Ace of Spades ® and FunOrb ® are registered and/or unregistered trade marks of Jagex Limited in the United Kingdom, the United States and other countries.
All third party trade marks are the property of their respective owners.
You must not reverse-engineer, decompile or modify any Jagex Product client software in any way (except to the extent allowed by applicable law).
You must not use a modified/customised version of the client software or attempt to copy, transfer or sub-license it.
You must not create or provide any other means by which any Jagex Product may be played by others (including, without limitation, replacement or modified client/server software or server emulators).
Please note that any such activity may constitute civil wrongs and/or criminal offences, and we reserve the right to take such action as appropriate in the circumstances should we become aware that such offences are being committed.
Materials (including without limit all information, software, data, text, photographs, graphics, sound and video) placed on any Jagex Product by us, or on our behalf, are protected by our (or our business partners/suppliers/advertisers or licensors) copyright and other intellectual property rights.
You may not use these materials or any Jagex Product except in accordance with these terms and conditions and for personal (i.e.
non-commercial) use only.
All intellectual property or other rights in any game character, account, content, virtual currency and virtual items in the Jagex Products are and will remain the property of Jagex and/or its licensors.
You are only granted limited permission (which can be revoked at anytime) to use such content or Jagex Product, subject to and in accordance with these terms and conditions.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU SHALL HAVE NO OWNERSHIP, TITLE OR OTHER PROPERTY INTEREST IN ANY JAGEX PRODUCT OR ACCOUNT, AND YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ALL RIGHTS IN AND TO AN ACCOUNT ARE AND SHALL FOREVER BE OWNED BY AND INURE TO THE BENEFIT OF JAGEX.
Jagex does not recognise any purported: (a) transfers of virtual items or virtual currency which take place outside the rules of a Jagex Product.
(b) transfers of accounts.
or (c) sale, gift or trade in the real world of anything that appears or originates in a Jagex Product.
Jagex reserves the right to stop offering a Jagex Product or a particular part of a Jagex Product at any time either permanently or temporarily, at which point any license granted to you to use the Jagex Product or a part thereof will be automatically terminated or suspended.
In such event, Jagex shall not be required to provide refunds, benefits or other compensation to users in connection with such discontinued elements of the Jagex Product unless required by law. 
9.
Rules
You must comply with the current version of any rules, guidelines, codes of conduct or instructions specified in any Jagex Product including our game rules, the current version of which is linked to here.
The applicable game rules are expressly incorporated into these terms and conditions. Any use of a Jagex Product not in accordance with the game rules exceeds the scope of the license granted by these terms and conditions and is prohibited.
10.
User Content
You will comply with and be bound by the policies and rules of a Jagex Product relating to User Content, including our content standards policy as set out in section 11 below.
We reserve the right without notice or refund to record, suspend, remove or delete User Content or to disclose to the relevant authorities any User Content if: (a) it is the subject of a complaint.
(b) if we consider that it breaches our terms and conditions (including our content standards policy) or the rules of a Jagex Product.
(c) if we consider that such steps are necessary to protect us or others.
(d) a criminal act or civil wrong has been committed.
or (e) we are required to do so by law or an appropriate authority.
If you wish to notify Jagex of an allegedly defamatory statement contained on this website or you believe that material has been dealt with in a way which constitutes infringement of your intellectual property rights, please write to our registered office above stating the following:

Your contact details, including your full name, player name (if applicable), your postal address, telephone number and email address.
The full details of the material complained about and the reasons for the complaint.
The exact and full url where you found the material.
If the request relates to copyright, provide proof that you are the rights holder and a statement that, under penalty of perjury, you are the rights holder [or an authorised representative].

 
Please mark the letter for the attention of the “Customer Support Infringement Team” and ensure the letter is signed and dated.
You have the ability to remove content which you have posted on a Jagex Product forum.
This can be done through the editing features within the Jagex Product.
If you would like assistance with this, please contact Jagex via the customer support section of the applicable Jagex Product website.
You should be aware that removing content from public display may not ensure the complete or comprehensive deletion of the posted content.
11.
Content standards policy
This content standards policy sets out our requirements which apply to your User Content.
This policy applies in addition to web page specific User Content policies, such as any policies on forum posts, in-game chat and private messaging or other policies on our websites from time to time.
In addition to agreeing to comply with the letter of this policy, you also undertake to comply with the spirit behind it.
You must not encourage or assist any other user to breach this policy.
You are solely responsible for your User Content including any User Content you place on any wiki or forum.
User Content:


Must:

be accurate, complete, uploaded or sent in good faith and compliant with all applicable laws, regulations and codes of conduct.
and
only be uploaded or sent if you own the rights in such content, have appropriate permission from the rights owner, or are otherwise authorized by law.



Must Not:

be obscene, hateful, inflammatory, threatening, harassing, sexually explicit or deceptive or fraudulent in anyway;
promote violence or discrimination, promote or endorse any illegal activity or otherwise be objectionable;
be defamatory or an invasion of an individual's right to privacy;
infringe the intellectual property or other rights of any third party, including copyrights, trade marks, database rights, any rights of confidentiality or any similar rights;
attempt to or purport to impersonate any person or misrepresent your identity, affiliation or connection to any other person;
include hyperlinks or connections to third party websites;
contain viruses, Trojans, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software, hardware or network;
reveal details that enable you or anyone else to be identified or contacted outside of the game (e.g.
last name, postal/email address or telephone number);
have any commercial purpose.
and
involve junk mail, spam, pyramid selling or similar schemes.



 
You agree that by submitting any material of any kind to us (including but not limited to posting chat) for any purpose connected with any Jagex Product (for examples, suggestions and ideas for any game or contributions to any gallery page), you are giving us a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, modify, copy, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, excerpt (in whole or in part) and distribute such User Content for any purpose, provided that Jagex may not use User Content in violation of the Privacy Policy.
You agree to waive any moral rights to the extent permitted by law and that you will not withdraw the submission or attempt to make a charge for its use.
Furthermore you warrant that you are the exclusive copyright holder in relation to the submission and that the submission in no way breaches the rights of any other person or entity.
12.
Jagex Stopping your account
If, acting reasonably, we consider that:

our terms and conditions or any Jagex Product rules - have or may have been breached;
there has been fraudulent, unlawful or abusive activity.
or
it is necessary in order to prevent or stop any harm or damage to us, to any Jagex Product, to other players or the general public

 
We may at any time: (i) Stop (as defined above) any or all accounts for Jagex Products.
(ii) restrict access to any content-uploading or other feature of our service.
and/or (iii) restrict access to or delete virtual currency or anything acquired by means of virtual currency.
These actions may result in loss of real money paid in prohibited transactions, such as account trading.
If we take any of the above action, you may have a right of appeal.
WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ONGOING SUPPLY OF ANY JAGEX PRODUCT.
UPON REASONABLE NOTICE TO YOU, JAGEX MAY DEACTIVATE ANY ACCOUNT AND YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE NOT ENTITLED TO ANY REFUND FOR ANY AMOUNTS PAID IN CONNECTION WITH THE ACCOUNT.
13.
Subscription and cancellations
You need a subscription to use certain features of Jagex Products.
If you apply for a subscription, you must ensure all the information that you submit is true and accurate (including, without limitation, your credit/debit card number and expiration date, and other payment details) and that you have appropriate parental or guardian consent if you are under 18 years of age.
You agree to pay all subscription fees specified when you apply including all applicable taxes.
Unless otherwise stated, all prices shown for EU countries include VAT.
By submitting your order you are making an offer to subscribe to the relevant part of the Jagex Product(s).
Your offer is accepted and a binding contract occurs when: (i) we send a message to your account mail inbox confirming that your payment has been received, or (ii) you log into a subscribers-only part of a Jagex Product (whichever comes first).
ALL SUBSCRIPTION PAYMENTS WILL CONTINUE TO BE TAKEN IN ADVANCE AT THE RELEVANT INTERVALS (E.G.
MONTHLY IN THE CASE OF MONTHLY SUBSCRIPTIONS) UNTIL YOU CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION (SEE OUR CREDIT CARD AGREEMENT BY CLICKING ON THE LINK BELOW AND READ MORE ABOUT CANCELLING YOUR SUBSCRIPTION BELOW).
Payments by credit/debit cards are also subject to our credit card agreement which forms part of these terms and conditions.
We reserve the right to alter the amount or terms of our subscription fees at any time.
This will only apply to those who, following the change, take out new subscriptions or re-subscribe (their previous subscriptions having expired) and specifically agree to the new fees/terms.
We reserve the right to charge you for any unauthorized use of your subscription by third parties.
Cancelling your subscription
You may cancel your subscription at any time by clicking here or visiting the account management section on the website of the Jagex Product.
Upon cancellation you will not be charged any further subscription fees.
No payments already made in respect of subscriptions or virtual currencies or items will be refunded (wholly or partly) but you can of course use up any unused subscription credit in the account.
14.
Virtual Currencies, micro-game credits and virtual items
In certain Jagex Products, we offer for sale (or in our sole discretion, as free promotions): (i) Virtual Currencies, and (ii) credits that can be redeemed to play micro-games ( "Micro-Game Credits").
Virtual Currencies and Micro-Game Credits can be redeemed (i.e.
used) to acquire certain digital goods/services, which we describe below as "Items".
If you obtain Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credits from Jagex, you must check that they have been correctly credited to your account and tell us immediately if not.
PLEASE TAKE NOTE that Virtual Currencies and Micro-Game Credits are subject to very important restrictions:
Virtual Currency and Micro-Game Credits may expire if they have not been redeemed within a certain period after acquisition, so you should redeem these as soon as possible.
The expiry period is whatever we specify when you acquire the Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credits or, if we haven't specified a time limit, twelve months from acquisition.
Unless we say otherwise on our website, Virtual Currency and Micro-Game Credits can only be redeemed within the world of the game where you acquired them.
Each Jagex Product may contain one or more Virtual Currencies or Micro-Game Credits and unless otherwise stated, each Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credit is independent and is not exchangeable for any other Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credit in the same Jagex Product.
WE MAY AT ANY TIME IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION CHANGE OR REMOVE ANY ITEM WHICH CAN BE ACQUIRED USING VIRTUAL CURRENCY OR MICRO-GAME CREDITS, AS WELL AS CHANGE THE AMOUNT OF VIRTUAL CURRENCY OR MICRO-GAME CREDITS NEEDED TO ACQUIRE A PARTICULAR ITEM. You may only redeem Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credits for Items on offer at the time of redemption.
Virtual Currency and Micro-Game Credits do not have any inherent value and are not your own private property.
When you purchase or receive Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credits, you do not own the Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credits.
Instead they constitute a measurement of the extent of your license in a Jagex Product.
Similarly, any Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credits balance shown in your account does not constitute a real world balance or reflect any stored monetary value.
We do not provide any cash or refunds for Virtual Currency, Micro-Game Credits or Items (except as required by law) and Virtual Currency, Micro-Game Credits and Items do not have any real world monetary value.
Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credits are for your personal use only.
You must not sell or transfer them or make them available to anyone else or attempt to do so, or encourage anyone else to do any of these things.
Virtual Currency, Micro-Game Credits and Items can never be redeemed for real world money, goods or any other item of monetary value, and cannot be inherited.
We may impose additional restrictions concerning the acquisition or redemption of Virtual Currency, Micro-Game Credits and Items.
For example, we may cap the amount of Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credits which can be acquired, held or redeemed in any particular period or we may impose restrictions based on your country of residence.
CERTAIN ITEMS MAY ALSO ONLY BE AVAILABLE TO SUBSCRIBERS.
FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, VIRTUAL CURRENCY AND MICRO-GAME CREDITS HAVE NO CASH VALUE, DO NOT ACCRUE INTEREST AND, UNLESS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY LAW, ARE NOT REDEEMABLE OR REFUNDABLE FOR ANY SUM OF MONEY OR MONETARY VALUE FROM JAGEX AT ANY TIME.
Jagex reserves the right to restrict access to, delete, reduce or liquidate Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credits: (1) if you have misused the Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credits or breached any of these terms and conditions.
(2) if the Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credits were awarded in error.
(3) if a payment for Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credits is charged back or otherwise cancelled or reversed.
or (4) if you have used Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credits to conduct any fraudulent or illegal activity.
Jagex reserves the right to restrict access to or delete Items: (1) if you have misused the Items or breached any of these terms and conditions.
(2) if the Items were purchased using Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credits awarded in error.
or (3) if a payment for Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credits used to purchase the Items is charged back or otherwise cancelled or reversed.
In addition, Items that have been acquired by the redemption of Virtual Currency or Micro-Game Credits may expire after a period of time, which by default shall be twelve months from acquisition.
In addition, Items may have particular restrictions, or be consumed or extinguished in the course of your use of a Jagex Product.
WE MAY AT ANY TIME DECIDE TO END IN PART OR ITS ENTIRETY THE VIRTUAL CURRENCY OR MICRO-GAME CREDITS PROGRAM FOR ALL OR ANY OF OUR JAGEX PRODUCTS.
BEFORE WE DELETE THE UNUSED VIRTUAL CURRENCY OR MICRO-GAME CREDITS, WE WILL ENDEAVOUR TO CONTACT YOU TO GIVE AT LEAST FOUR WEEKS TO REDEEM THEM.
RuneScape Bonds
Within the Jagex Product RuneScape, users can purchase a RuneScape Bond from Jagex.
If you obtain a RuneScape Bond from Jagex, you must check that it has been correctly credited to your account and tell us immediately if not.
RuneScape Bonds can be redeemed (i.e.
used) to acquire RuneScape subscription, Virtual Currency, Micro-Game Credits and/or special promotional items that Jagex may decide to offer from time to time in its sole discretion - we describe these collectively as " Redemption Items", Alternatively, RuneScape Bonds can be traded in-game with other users in return for in-game items.
More information about RuneScape Bonds can be found here.
PLEASE TAKE NOTE that RuneScape Bonds are subject to very important restrictions:
RuneScape Bonds can only be traded and redeemed within RuneScape.
WE MAY AT ANY TIME CHANGE OR REMOVE ANY REDEMPTION ITEMS WHICH CAN BE PURCHASED USING A RUNESCAPE BOND, AS WELL AS CHANGE THE AMOUNT OF THE RUNESCAPE BOND NEEDED TO ACQUIRE A PARTICULAR REDEMPTION ITEM. You may only redeem the RuneScape Bond for Redemption Items on offer at the time of redemption.
RuneScape Bonds: (i) do not constitute a real world balance or reflect stored monetary value.
(ii) cannot be redeemed for real world money and cannot be inherited.
and (iii) are not your own private property.
A RuneScape Bond is a measurement of the extent of your license in a Jagex Product.
WE DO NOT PROVIDE ANY CASH OR REFUNDS FOR RUNESCAPE BONDS (EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY LAW).
WE MAY IMPOSE ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS CONCERNING THE ACQUISITION OR REDEMPTION OF RUNESCAPE BONDS.
FOR EXAMPLE WE MAY CAP THE AMOUNT OF RUNESCAPE BONDS WHICH CAN BE ACQUIRED, HELD OR REDEEMED IN ANY PARTICULAR PERIOD OR WE MAY IMPOSE RESTRICTIONS BASED ON YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE.
Jagex reserves the right to restrict access to, delete, reduce or liquidate RuneScape Bonds: (1) if you have misused the RuneScape Bond or breached any of these terms and conditions.
(2) if the RuneScape Bond was awarded in error.
(3) if a payment for a RuneScape Bond is charged back or otherwise cancelled or reversed.
or (4) if you have used RuneScape Bonds to conduct any fraudulent or illegal activity.
Jagex reserves the right to restrict access to or delete Redemption Items: (1) if you have misused the Redemption Items or breached any of these terms and conditions.
(2) if the Redemption Items were purchased using RuneScape Bonds awarded in error.
or (3) if a payment for RuneScape Bonds used to purchase Redemption Items is charged back or otherwise cancelled or reversed.
In addition, Redemption Items that have been acquired by the redemption of RuneScape Bonds may expire after a period of time, which by default shall be twelve months from acquisition.
Redemption Items may have particular restrictions, or be consumed or extinguished in the course of your use of Jagex Products.
WE MAY AT ANY TIME DECIDE TO END PART OF OR THE ENTIRETY OF THE RUNESCAPE BOND PROGRAM.
BEFORE WE DELETE THE UNUSED RUNESCAPE BOND, WE WILL ENDEAVOUR TO CONTACT YOU TO GIVE YOU AT LEAST FOUR WEEKS TO REDEEM IT.
IF YOUR ACCOUNT FOR A JAGEX PRODUCT REMAINS DORMANT (I.E.
IS NOT USED) FOR MORE THAN 12 MONTHS, AND THERE IS UNREDEEMED VIRTUAL CURRENCY, MICRO-GAME CREDITS OR RUNESCAPE BONDS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR ACCOUNT, WE MAY CHOOSE TO CREDIT YOUR ACCOUNT WITH ITEMS OF EQUIVALENT VALUE FOR THIS EXPIRED VIRTUAL CURRENCY, MICRO-GAME CREDITS OR RUNESCAPE BONDS.
WE WILL ENDEAVOUR TO CONTACT YOU BY EMAIL PRIOR TO SUCH ACTION BEING TAKEN.
15.
Refund policy
We are happy to review requests for refunds on a case by case basis.
However, refunds are not always possible to give for many reasons.
Unless required by law, we will not refund any amounts paid in relation to subscriptions, Micro-Game Credits, RuneScape Bonds or Virtual Currency when:

You have been the victim of in-game scamming, as there are many warnings about avoiding this on the Jagex Products (however, we will try to assist you to recover your account).
You have been banned from a Jagex Product for violating these terms and conditions, any rules of a Jagex Product or the user content policy.
Jagex stops offering the Jagex Product or you decide to cancel your subscription or account.

 
If, after reading the above, you wish to request that we consider a refund, then please visit the Support section of the applicable Jagex Product website for assistance, providing as much information as possible.
RuneScape payment support can be accessed here.
Please note, refunds are given at the sole discretion of Jagex.
Please also review our "Cancellation Policy" which can be found by clicking here, which is incorporated into these terms and conditions.
16.
Functioning of Jagex Products
We will use reasonable endeavours to maintain operation of Jagex Products and rectify faults as quickly as possible.
Jagex reserves the right to modify, including by way of regular updates, the Jagex Products and we may have to suspend operation of a Jagex Product without notice for repair, maintenance, improvement, security or any other reason.
If so, we will do our best to ensure that the suspension is as short as possible.
We cannot accept responsibility for such suspensions, interruptions or errors caused by circumstances outside our reasonable control.
We cannot guarantee that Jagex Products will work with any particular computer equipment or in conjunction with any particular software or connectivity services.
We do not accept responsibility for such equipment, software or services.
Minimum technical specs and compatibility information is available on the websites of the Jagex Products.
Information for RuneScape can be found here: https://support.runescape.com/hc/articles/206558749.Information for Block N Load can be found here: http://store.steampowered.com/app/299360/
We cannot guarantee the ongoing supply of any particular Jagex Product.
17.
Third party sites and technologies
JAGEX PRODUCTS MAY INCLUDE LINKS TO INTERNET SITES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGIES SUPPLIED BY THIRD PARTIES INCLUDING SITES/TECHNOLOGIES WHICH ENABLE YOU TO PAY BY MEANS OF PAYMENT METHODS PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES.
WE MAKE NO PROMISES ABOUT THOSE SITES OR THEIR CONTENT, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AS THESE ARE OUTSIDE OUR REASONABLE CONTROL.
ANY THIRD PARTY SITES OR TECHNOLOGIES SUGGESTED ARE NOT ENDORSED, CONTROLLED OR VERIFIED BY JAGEX.
JAGEX DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT ANY SUGGESTED TECHNOLOGIES WILL WORK ON YOUR COMPUTER OR BE VIRUS FREE.
ANY SUGGESTIONS MADE ARE NOT A WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AND JAGEX IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DISRUPTION, PROBLEM, DAMAGE, DATA LOSS, COST OR INCONVENIENCE CAUSED BY THE SUGGESTED SITES OR TECHNOLOGIES.
JAGEX WILL NOT PROVIDE SUPPORT FOR ANY SITES OR TECHNOLOGIES WHICH ARE NOT ITS OWN.
JAGEX EXERCISES NO CONTROL OVER THE COPYRIGHT, PATENT OR TRADEMARK COMPLIANCE OR LEGALITY OF THE SUGGESTED SITES OR TECHNOLOGIES.
18.
OUR AND YOUR LEGAL RESPONSIBILITY
JAGEX PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT YOU WILL BE ABLE TO ACCESS OR USE A JAGEX PRODUCT AT THE TIMES OR LOCATIONS OF YOUR CHOOSING OR THAT A JAGEX PRODUCT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR FREE OF ERRORS.
ACCORDINGLY, JAGEX IS NOT LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT MIGHT ARISE, FOR EXAMPLE, FROM THE INOPERABILITY, UNAVAILABILITY OR SECURITY VULNERABILITIES OF THE JAGEX PRODUCT OR FROM YOUR RELIANCE ON THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY OF THE JAGEX PRODUCT.
JAGEX EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY US OR OUR EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS IN CIRCUMSTANCES WHERE (A) THERE IS NO BREACH OF A LEGAL DUTY OF CARE OWED TO YOU BY US OR BY ANY OF OUR EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS.
(B) SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE IS NOT A REASONABLY FORESEEABLE RESULT OF ANY SUCH BREACH.
OR (C) SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE RELATES TO A BUSINESS.
BY USING A JAGEX PRODUCT OR SERVICES OFFERED BY JAGEX, YOU AGREE TO WAIVE ANY LEGAL DUTY OF CARE OWED TO YOU BY JAGEX, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW.
THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF JAGEX TO YOU FOR LOSSES OR DAMAGES THAT YOU SUFFER IN CONNECTION WITH A JAGEX PRODUCT OR THESE TERMS SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT YOU PAID TO JAGEX DURING THE SIX (6) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE TIME THE CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NOTHING IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT JAGEX'S LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE, TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH LIABILITY CANNOT UNDER ANY APPLICABLE LAW BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED.
YOU WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE WE SUFFER ARISING FROM YOUR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT OR MISUSE OF A JAGEX PRODUCT.
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AFFECTS YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER. 
19.
General
These terms and conditions and any document incorporated by reference constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter and supersedes any previous terms and conditions between the parties in relation to such matters.
The limitations, exclusions and restrictions in these terms and conditions shall inure to the benefit of Jagex's licensors, successor and assigns. Headings above are for guidance only and not binding.
If we fail to enforce any provision of these terms and conditions, that failure will not preclude us from enforcing either that provision (or any similar provision) on a later occasion.
If any provision of these terms and conditions is found by a court to be invalid, we agree that the court should endeavour to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision and that other provisions remain in full force and effect.
We may transfer all or part of our rights or duties under this agreement provided we take reasonable steps to ensure that your rights under this agreement are not prejudiced.
As this agreement is personal to you, you may not transfer any of your rights or duties under it without our prior written consent.
A person who is not a party to this agreement shall have no rights to enforce any term of this agreement.
These terms and conditions are governed by English law and any dispute connected with them or Jagex Products will be decided only by the courts of England.
20.
Complaints
If you are dissatisfied with this website or any aspect of it, please contact us via the customer support section of the Jagex Product website.
If you are unhappy with the outcome of your complaint, please write to our registered office above providing us with the following information: your name, username, email address, the full details of your complaint, Jagex’s previous response to your complaint and why you disagree with the outcome.
Please mark the letter for the attention of the “Customer Support Complaints Team”. 

 About 
 Living Games 
 Careers 
 Products 
 Partners 
 Charity 

Copyright © 1999 - 2018 Jagex Ltd.
220 Science Park, Cambridge, CB4 0WA, United Kingdom.
Contact Us | Gender Pay Gap Report.
Use of this website is subject to our Terms &amp.
Conditions, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. 