 Website Terms of Use
Version 2.0, last updated: May 18th, 2018
PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
BY ACCESSING AND USING THE SITE IN ANY WAY, INCLUDING BROWSING THE SITE, USING ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, OR SERVICES, DOWNLOADING ANY SOFTWARE OR FILES, OR PLACING ORDERS FOR PRODUCTS, YOU ARE ENTERING INTO A LEGAL AGREEMENT WITH JETBRAINS AND HEREBY AGREE TO ABIDE BY THESE TERMS.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE IN ANY WAY.
THE TERMS OF USE ARE A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN JETBRAINS AND YOU.
IF YOU USE THE SITE ON BEHALF OF AN EMPLOYER, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO ACCEPT THESE TERMS OF USE ON BEHALF OF YOUR EMPLOYER.
"JetBrains Website" or "Site" means any website that is the property of JetBrains s.r.o.
("JetBrains", "we"), including but not limited to everything hosted under the top-level domains jetbrains.com, jetbrains.net, jetbrains.org, jetbrains.ru, jetbrains.team, intellij.net, kotl.in, and kotlinlang.org.
Via Site, JetBrains makes a number of resources available to you, including information, software, products, downloads, documents, communications, files, text, graphics, publications, content, tools, and services such as technical support.
JetBrains reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, add, or remove any part of these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice to you.
We may, at our discretion, choose to notify those subscribed to our newsletters and RSS feeds of such changes.
However, it is up to you to check these Terms of Use for changes.
Continuing to use Site after the changes to the Terms of Use have been posted will constitute your acceptance of those changes.




Visitor Conduct




In using Site, including all software, services, and resources available through it, you agree that:
a) You will not use Site in any way that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any JetBrains server, or the network(s) connected to any JetBrains server (including linked sites), or interfere with any other visitors' use and enjoyment of Site.
b) You will not upload, email, or otherwise transmit via Site any potentially destructive, disruptive, or otherwise harmful programs, files, or code including viruses, Trojan horses, worms, cancelbots, time bombs, or any other form or designation of files or programs that may damage, impair, or alter the operation of a computer or network that is the property of JetBrains or any third party.
c) You will not attempt to disrupt or interfere with the security, integrity, or availability of Site and/or its content and its content delivery, or otherwise cause harm to Site, any resources provided for Site visitors, user or administrator accounts, passwords, servers, or networks connected to Site or accessible through it.
The same applies to any linked sites.
d) You will not attempt to gain unauthorized access to services, materials, visitor information, visitors' accounts, computer systems, or networks connected to any JetBrains server or to Site, through hacking, password mining, or any other means.
You will not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available via Site.
e) You will not use false identity information when registering for subscriptions, downloads, or product licenses.
f) You will not remotely harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including email addresses, nor will you use email addresses published on this site for the purpose of sending any type of unsolicited email communication whose origin has been disguised or falsified.
g) If you choose to post a comment, your user name, city, and any other information that you choose to post will be visible to the public.
JetBrains is neither responsible nor liable for the privacy of any information that you choose to post to its websites, including in its blogs, or for the accuracy of any information contained in those postings.
Any information that you disclose publicly becomes public information.
JetBrains cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate these terms, the law, or your personal privacy.
These personal data will be stored and processed until deletion of posted information for each occasion.




International Access
Site can be accessed from most countries around the world.
Site content may contain references to JetBrains products, services, documents, promotions, or other resources that are not available in your country.
These references do not imply that JetBrains intends to make such resources available in your country.
Site is hosted and offered from inside the EU.
JetBrains makes no claim or representation that Site, or any resources available through it, are appropriate to or made available for locations outside the European Union.
If Site or any of the resources it makes available are illegal in your locality, DO NOT USE SITE.
If you access Site from a location outside the European Union, you are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws.
Personal Data
In connection with your use of the Site, JetBrains and its associated companies will process Your personal data for the following purposes:
a) To provide you with software, services, or information.
for this purpose, mainly (i) your username, contact details and information from your posts, (ii) IP address and environment data, and (iii) data collected by cookies or other tracking technologies will be used.
b) To protect JetBrains from piracy and unlawful use of JetBrains software or services.
for this purpose, mainly (i) IP address and environment data and (ii) data collected by cookies or other tracking technologies (including clear GIFs, pixel tags, and other technologies) will be used.
c) To improve JetBrains offerings based on usage.
for this purpose, mainly (i) your username, contact details, and information from your posts, (ii) IP address and environment data, and (iii) data collected by cookies or other tracking technologies (including clear GIFs, pixel tags, and other technologies) will be used.
d) For internal evidence of JetBrains and to protect rights and interests of JetBrains and other users.
for this purpose, mainly (i) data collected by cookies or other tracking technologies, (ii) audit records, application logs, weblogs, and/or backups will be used.
e) To promote and market JetBrains software and services.
for this purpose, mainly (i) your username, contact details and information from your posts, (ii) IP address and environment data and (iii) data collected by cookies or other tracking technologies (incl.
clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies and third-party cookies) will be used.
f) To provide third parties with information about Your use of the Site.
for this purpose, mainly data collected by cookies or other tracking technologies will be used.
g) To fulfil legal duties stipulated by accounting, taxation and other laws.
Further, third parties listed in the Privacy Policy will process Your personal data, in particular data about Your usage of Site, to promote and market JetBrains software and services.
You may object to processing of your personal data for the purposes b) to e) at any time.
You may also withdraw your consent to processing of your personal data at any time when the processing is made based on consent.
The withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
More detailed information about personal data processing for above mentioned purposes and about Your rights can be found in these Terms of Use and in the Privacy Policy.


IP address and environment data
Weblogs that may be generated during your use of JetBrains Website may include information about IP addresses used to access the service, browser, operating environment, Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) used to access the service, or other information.
No personal data is kept in logs for more than 30 days.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We, and our third party service providers, use cookies and other tracking technologies ("Cookies") on our Website and client portals (collectively our "Website").
We use Cookies to identify you when you visit our Website, to deliver our products and services to you, to provide you with a service when you browse our Website and to improve our Website and the services that we provide ("Service Purposes").
With your consent, we may also use Cookies, for analytics purposes and for targeted advertising ("Commercial Purposes").
Any personal data collected by these technologies will be stored and processed for no longer than 1 year.
YOUR CONSENT/WITHDRAWING CONSENT
You acknowledge that the Site will use Cookies as explained above for the Service Purposes.
If you provide us with your consent to use Cookies also for Commercial Purposes, then you can withdraw your consent at any time by visiting www.jetbrains.com/optout.
If you do not wish Cookies to be stored on your device in connection with your use of this Website, you must stop using our Website and disable Cookies via your browser settings for this Website or globally (see below).
Please note that disabling Cookies will affect the functionality of our Website, products and services, and may prevent you from being able to access certain features on our Website, products or services.
For further information about deleting or blocking Cookies, please visit: http://www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-delete-cookies/.
THE TECHNOLOGIES WE USE

Cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit our Website.
There are two types of cookies:

Persistent cookies: these cookies remain on a user's device for the period of time specified in the cookie.
They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.

Session cookies: these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session.
A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window.
Session cookies are created temporarily.
Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.

Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies.
In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer's hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages.
We may use clear GIFs (a.k.a.
web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our Website to, among other things, track the activities of Website visitors, help us manage content, and compile statistics about Website usage.
We and our third party service providers also use clear GIFs in HTML emails to our customers, to help us track e-mail response rates, identify when our e-mails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded.
FIRST AND THIRD-PARTY COOKIES
In relation to whether a cookie is 'first' or 'third' party refers to the domain placing the cookie.

First-party cookies are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by us).
Cookies placed by JetBrains are used when creating an account, identifying yourself using JetBrains Account, purchasing products using the e-store, as well as using any of our services, including but not limited to, our issue tracker, blogs and discussions forums, newsletter sign-up, etc.
At times we may also use cookies for testing out new features of our web site and/or services to a subset of our audience.

Third-party cookies are cookies that are set by a domain other than that of the website being visited by the user.
If a user visits a website and another entity sets a cookie through that website, this would be a third-party cookie.
HOW TO DELETE AND BLOCK OUR COOKIES
You can block Cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some Cookies.
However, if you use your browser settings to block all Cookies (including essential Cookies for the Website to work), you may not be able to access all or parts of our Website, products or services.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our system will issue Cookies as soon as you visit our Website.
WHAT COOKIES DO WE USE AND WHY?
Generally our Website uses Cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Website.
The Cookies used on our Website, regardless of whether they are used for Service Purposes or Commercial Purposes, are categorized as follows:
a) Strictly necessary
b) Performance
c) Functionality
d) Targeting

'Strictly Necessary' Cookies let you move around the Website and use essential features like secure areas.
Without these Cookies, we cannot provide the requested services.
We use these Strictly Necessary Cookies to:
a) Identify you as being logged in to our Website and to authenticate you
b) Make sure you connect to the right service on our Website when we make any changes to the way the Website works
c) For security purposes
Accepting these Cookies is a condition of using the Website, so if you prevent these Cookies the Website may not work correctly and we may not be able to provide our services and products to you.

'Performance' Cookies collect information about how you use our Website e.g.
which pages you visit, and if you experience any errors.
These Cookies do not collect any information that could identify you and are only used to help us improve how our Website works, understand what interests our users and measure the effectiveness of our advertising.
We use performance Cookies to:
a) Carry out web analytics: Provide statistics on how our Website is used
b) Obtain data on the number of users of the Website that have viewed a product
c) Help us improve the Website by measuring any errors that occur
d) Test different designs for the Website
Some of our performance Cookies are managed for us by third parties.
We do not allow the third party to use the Cookies for any purpose other than those listed above.

'Functionality' Cookies are used to provide products or services or to remember settings to improve your visit.
We use 'Functionality' Cookies for such purposes as:
a) Remember settings you've applied such as layout, text size, language, preferences and colors
b) Remember if we've already asked you if you want to fill in a survey
c) Remember if you have engaged with a particular component or product list on the Website so that don't show it again
d) Show you when you're logged in to the Website
e) To provide and show embedded video content
Some of these Cookies are managed for us by third parties.
We do not allow the third party to use the cookies for any purpose other than those listed above.

'Targeting' Cookies are used to track your visit to our Website and other websites, including the pages you have visited and the links you have followed, which allows third parties to display targeted ads to you on the websites you visit.
We and our third party service providers use Targeting Cookies to:
a) Link to social networks, like Facebook, that may subsequently use information about your visit to our website in order to provide advertising or other offers that may be of interest to you when you visit other websites.
b) Provide third parties with information on your visit so that they can present you with advertisements or other offers that may be of interest to you.
If you are in the EU, you may opt-out of certain third party Cookies that we and other websites may use for targeting through http://www.youronlinechoices.eu or www.aboutads.info.
Opting out of one or more ad networks only means that those particular members no longer will deliver targeted content or ads to you.
It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our websites or other third party websites.
If your browser is configured to reject Cookies when you visit one of the above referenced opt-out pages, and you later erase your Cookies, use a different computer or change Web browsers, your preference may no longer be active.
Since all of these Cookies are managed by third parties, you should refer to the third parties' own website privacy notifications and policies for further information (see below for more information about the particular targeting Cookies used on our Website).
Users in the United States may opt out of many third-party ad networks.
For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Consumer Choice Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by DAA companies.
You may also go to the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") Consumer Opt-Out Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by NAI members.
Opting out from one or more companies listed on the DAA Consumer Choice Page or the NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page will opt you out from those companies' delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our Website or on other websites.
You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads).
Also, if your browsers are configured to reject Cookies when you opt out on the DAA or NAI websites, your opt out may not be effective.
Additional information is available on the DAA's website at www.aboutads.info or the NAI's website at www.networkadvertising.org.

DO NOT TRACK

Currently, our systems do not recognize browser "do-not-track" requests.
You may, however, disable certain tracking by disabling cookies in your browser.
However, by doing so we cannot guarantee the correct behaviour of the services we provide to you.

LINKS

At times JetBrains' websites and/or JetBrains software products may contain links to other external non-JetBrains sites.
JetBrains is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such linked websites.




Use of Site Content




Unless specifically indicated elsewhere on Site, you may view, download, or print Site content subject to the following conditions:
a) The rights granted to you for use of Site content constitute a license and not a transfer of title.
b) You may use Site content only for personal, informational, and internal purposes.
c) You may not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices displayed or contained in Site content.
d) You may not modify or alter Site content in any way.
e) You may not distribute, sell, lease, rent, or relicense Site content to others.
f) JetBrains reserves the exclusive right to revoke authorization to view, download, and print Site content at any time, and you shall discontinue such use immediately upon notice from JetBrains.




Intellectual Property Rights and Licenses




Site content, including software and related documentation, as well as the structure of Site, are protected by copyright, trademark, patent, and/or other intellectual property laws.
Unauthorized use of Site content may violate such laws and these Terms of Use.
Except as expressly stated in this document, JetBrains and/or its suppliers do not grant any express or implied rights to use Site content.
You agree not to copy, republish, frame, download, transmit, modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, assign, distribute, license, sublicense, reverse engineer, or create derivative works based on Site, its content (including downloaded software or other products), except as expressly authorized in the Terms of Use.
Also, you agree not to use any data mining, robots, or similar data harvesting and extraction methods in connection with Site.




Use of Software


The software and accompanying documentation that is available for download from Site is the copyrighted and/or patented work of JetBrains and/or its suppliers.
Use of the software is governed by the terms of the subscription agreement that is included with such downloaded software.
You will not be able to install any software that is accompanied by or includes a subscription agreement unless you agree to the terms of the included subscription agreement.
If you do not agree to the terms of the included subscription agreement, you will not be able to install the software.
If no subscription agreement accompanies the software, or no other license governs the use of the software, then use of the software will be governed by these Terms of Use.
You agree that you will not decompile, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the software available on Site, unless a license or applicable law specifically authorizes you to do so.




Use of Trademarks




The trademarks and logos ("Marks") displayed on Site are the property of JetBrains or third parties.
You may not use Marks without the prior written consent of JetBrains or the third party owner of Marks.
You may use JetBrains Marks and logo images ("Logos") under the following conditions:
a) You may not alter Logos in any way except pixel dimensions, which must always be in the same proportions as the original image provided via Site.
All Marks in reduced-size Logos must remain clearly identifiable and readable.
b) You may not create links on any other site directly to the Logos' image files on Site.
c) You may not use Logos in any manner that represents or implies any affiliation with or endorsement by JetBrains when no such affiliation or endorsement has been formally established in writing with JetBrains.
JetBrains reserves the right to determine what constitutes improper or inappropriate use of JetBrains Marks and Logos, and you agree to correct improper/inappropriate use of JetBrains Marks and Logos, or to cease use of the same upon notification from JetBrains.