 
Keybase Terms of Service

Last updated: 4/4/15
Welcome to Keybase.
Please read these terms of service (these “Terms”) carefully as they form a contract between you and Keybase, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Keybase”, “we”, “us”, or “our”), that governs your access and use of (i) the web verification and encryption solution software provided by Keybase for social media users (the “Software”).
(ii) the Keybase websites at keybase.io (the “Site”).
and (iii) any written or electronic use or features guides or other documentation provided or made available by Keybase (the “User Guides”) (collectively the “Service(s)”).

By registering or using any of the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you are using the Services on behalf of an organization, you are agreeing to these Terms for that organization and promising to Keybase that you have the authority to bind that organization to these Terms (in which event, “you” and “your” will refer to that organization).
You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and only if you have the power to form a contract with Keybase and are not barred under any applicable laws from doing so.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS, YOU MUST NOT USE THE SERVICES. Should you have any questions concerning this Agreement, please contact privacy@keybase.io.

Please note that Keybase doesn’t provide warranties for the Services.
This contract also limits our liability to you and contains an arbitration provision and a class action waiver.
See Sections 14 (NO WARRANTY), 16 (LIMITATION OF LIABILITY) and 19 (ARBITRATION) of these Terms for details.

1.
ABOUT THE SERVICE
The Service offers verification and authentication services and encryption services for users of social media.
The Service provides a public directory (the “Public Directory”) of social media users’ public keys so that users of the Service can verify that content or communications from other social media users came from the source that such content or communications purport to originate.
The Service also allows its users to send encrypted content and communications that can only be opened by the proper recipient with the sender’s private key.
2.
CHANGES TO THESE TERMS
We reserve the right to revise these Terms from time to time.
We will date and post the most current version of these Terms on the Site.
Any changes will be effective upon posting the revised version of these Terms (or such later effective date as may be indicated at the top of the revised Terms).
If, in our sole discretion, we deem a revision to these Terms to be material, we will notify you via the Service and/or by email to the email address associated with your account.
Notice of other changes may be provided via the Site.
Therefore, we encourage you to check the date of these Terms whenever you visit the Site to see if these Terms have been updated.
Your continued access or use of any portion of the Service constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
If you don’t agree to any of the changes, we’re not obligated to keep providing the Service to you, and you must cancel and stop using the Service.
3.
ACCESS TO THE SERVICE
You may use the Service, on a non-exclusive basis, solely in strict compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws.
4.
YOUR ACCOUNT
To obtain access to certain Services, you may be required to obtain an account with Keybase (become a “Registered User”), by completing a registration form and designating a user ID and password.
Until you apply for and are approved for an account your access to the Service will be limited to the areas of the Service, if any, that Keybase makes available to the general public.
When registering with Keybase you must: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as requested by the Service’s registration form (such information being the “Registration Data”).
and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.
Keybase may deny approval or withdraw such approval at any time in its sole discretion, with or without cause.
Only you may use your Keybase account.
You must keep your account and passwords confidential and not authorize any third party to access or use the Service on your behalf, unless we provide an approved mechanism for such use.
Keybase will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from any unauthorized use of your accounts.
5.
CONTENT
When providing Keybase or the Service with content, such as your name, username, photos, social media names, data or files, or causing content to be posted, stored or transmitted using or through the Service (“Your Content”), including but not limited to the Registration Data and any other personal identification information that you provide, you hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable (in whole or in part), fully-paid and sublicensable right, subject to the Privacy Policy, to use, reproduce, modify, transmit, display and distribute Your Content in any media known now or developed in the future, in connection with our provision of the Service.
Further, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, you waive your moral rights and promise not to assert such rights or any other intellectual property or publicity rights against us, our sublicensees, or our assignees.
You represent and warrant that none of the following infringe any intellectual property, publicity or other proprietary rights: your provision of Your Content to us, your causing Your Content to be posted using the Service, and use of any such content (including of works derived from it) by us, other users of the Service, or others in contract with us that is done in connection with the Service and in compliance with these Terms.
You acknowledge and agree that we may access or disclose information about you or any other information or data collected, stored or processed on our servers, including Your Content, if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with any law, regulation, legal process or lawful governmental requests.
(b) protect the rights or property of Keybase or our customers, including the enforcement of our agreements or policies governing your use of the Service.
or (c) act on a good faith belief that such access or disclosure is necessary to protect the personal safety of Keybase employees, customers, or the public.
We retain the right to block or otherwise prevent delivery of any type of file, email or other communication to or from the Service as part of our efforts to protect the Service, protect our customers, or stop you from breaching these Terms.
6.
CONSENT TO ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS AND SOLICITATION
By registering for the Service, you understand that we may send you communications or data regarding the Services, including but not limited to: (a) notices about your use of the Services, including any notices concerning violations of use.
(b) updates.
and (c) promotional information and materials regarding Keybase’s products and services, via electronic mail.
We give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional electronic mail from us by following the opt-out instructions provided in the message.
7.
SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION OF USE OF THE SERVICE
We reserve the right, to temporarily suspend or terminate your access to the Service at any time in our sole discretion, with or without cause, with or without notice, and without incurring liability of any kind.
For example, we may suspend or terminate your access to or use of the Service for: (a) the actual or suspected violation of these Terms.
(b) the use of the Services in a manner that may cause Keybase to have legal liability or disrupt others’ use of the Services.
(c) the suspicion or detection of any malicious code, virus or other harmful code by you or in your account.
(d) scheduled downtime and recurring downtime.
(e) any actual or suspected effort by you to circumvent Keybase’s security or encryption.
or (f) unplanned technical problems and outages.
If, in Keybase’s determination, the suspension might be indefinite and/or Keybase has elected to terminate your access to the Service, Keybase will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you through the Service and/or by email to the email address associated with your account.
You acknowledge that if your access to the Service is suspended or terminated, you may no longer have access to Your Content that is stored with the Service.

8.
ACCEPTABLE USE
You must not use the Service to harm others or the Service.
For example, you must not use the Service to harm, threaten, or harass another person, organization, or Keybase.
You must not: damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Service (or any network connected to the Service).
resell or redistribute the Service or any part of it.
use any unauthorized means to modify, reroute, or gain access to the Service or attempt to carry out these activities.
or use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
or use any automated process or Service (such as a bot, a spider, or periodic caching of information stored by Keybase) to access or use the Service;.
In addition, you promise that you will not and will not encourage or assist any third party to:


I.
reproduce, modify, alter, tamper with, repair or create derivative works of any Software, unless that permission is granted in a license;


II.
reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile the Software used to provide or access the Service, including the Software, or attempt to discover or recreate the source code used to provide or access the Service, except and only to the extent that that permission is granted in a license or applicable law expressly permits doing so;


III.
use the Service in any manner or for any purpose other than as expressly permitted by these Terms, the Privacy Policy, any User Guides or any other policy, instruction or terms applicable to the Service that are available on the Service (“Policies”);


IV.
sell, lend, rent, resell, lease, sublicense or otherwise transfer any of the rights granted to you with respect to the Services to any third party;


V.
remove, obscure or alter any proprietary rights notice pertaining to the Service;


VI.
use the Service in connection with the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation, communication systems, medical devices, air traffic control devices, real time control systems or other situations in which the failure of the Service could lead to death, personal injury, or physical property or environmental damage;


VII.
use the Service to: (i) engage in any unlawful or fraudulent activity or perpetrate a hoax or engage in phishing schemes or forgery or other similar falsification or manipulation of data.
(ii) send unsolicited or unauthorized junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages, whether commercial or otherwise.
(iii) store or transmit any inappropriate content, such as content: (1) containing unlawful, defamatory, threatening, abusive, libelous or otherwise objectionable material of any kind or nature, (2) containing any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, or (3) in a way that violates or infringes upon the intellectual property rights or the privacy or publicity rights of any person or entity or that may otherwise be unlawful or give rise to civil or criminal liability.
(iv) store or transmit any content that contains or is used to initiate a denial of service attack, software viruses or other harmful or deleterious computer code, files or programs such as Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, or spyware.
or (v) abuse, harass, stalk or otherwise violate the legal rights of a third party;


VIII.
interfere with or disrupt servers or networks used by Keybase to provide the Service or used by other users’ to access the Service, or violate any third party regulations, policies or procedures of such servers or networks or harass or interfere with another user’s full use and enjoyment of any Software or the Service;


IX.
access or attempt to access Keybase’s other accounts, computer systems or networks not covered by these Terms, through password mining or any other means;


X.
cause, in Keybase’s sole discretion, inordinate burden on the Service or Keybase’s system resources or capacity.
or


XI.
share passwords or other access information or devices or otherwise authorize any third party to access or use the Software or the Service.


Keybase reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to deactivate, change and/or require you to change your Keybase user ID and any custom or vanity URLs, custom links, or vanity domains you may obtain through the Services for any reason or for no reason.
Keybase may exercise such right at any time, with or without prior notice.
We will make all judgments concerning the applicability of these guidelines in our sole and exclusive discretion.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to determine whether and what action to take in response to each such notification, and any action or inaction in a particular instance will not dictate or limit our response to a future complaint.
We will not assume or have any liability for any action or inaction with respect to any Your Content.
9.
UPDATES TO THE SERVICE
Keybase reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to make necessary unscheduled deployments of changes, updates or enhancements to the Service at any time.
We may add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop the Service altogether.

10.
SOFTWARE
If you receive Software from us, its use is governed in one of two ways: If you’re presented with license terms that you must accept in order to use the Software, those terms apply.
if no license is presented to you, these Terms apply.
We reserve all other rights to the Software.
We may automatically check your version of the Software.
We may also automatically download to your computer or device new versions of the Software.
Any Software is licensed, not sold.
Unless we notify you otherwise, the Software license ends when your Service ends.
You must then promptly uninstall the Software, or we may disable it.
You must not work around any technical limitations in the Software.
The Software is subject to applicable U.S.
export laws and regulations.
You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the Software.
These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use.
Without limitation, you may not transfer the Software or Service without U.S.
government permission to anyone on U.S.
government exclusion lists (see the Commerce Department’s compliance list at http://www.bis.doc.gov/index.php/policy-guidance/lists-of-parties-of-concern.
You represent and warrant that you’re not on any of those lists or under the control of or an agent for anyone on those lists or the entities listed above.
11.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES AND CONTENT
All transactions using the Services are between the transacting parties only.
The Services may contain features and functionalities linking you or providing you with certain functionality and access to third party content, including Web sites, directories, servers, networks, systems, information and databases, applications, software, programs, products or services, and the Internet as a whole.
you acknowledge that we are not responsible for such content or services.
We may also provide some content to you as part of the Services.
However, Keybase is not an agent of any transacting party, nor or we a direct party in any such transaction.
Any such activities, and any terms associated with such activities, are solely between you and the applicable third-party.
Similarly, we are not responsible for any third party content you access with the Services, and you irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such sites and third-party content.
Keybase shall have no liability, obligation or responsibility for any such correspondence, purchase or promotion between you and any such third-party.
You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties.
You are solely responsible for your dealings with any third party related to the Services, including the delivery of and payment for goods and services.
12.
KEYBASE PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
As between Keybase and you, Keybase or its licensors own and reserve all right, title and interest in and to the Service and all hardware, software and other items used to provide the Service, other than the rights explicitly granted to you to use the Service in accordance with this Terms.
No title to or ownership of any proprietary rights related to the Service is transferred to you pursuant to these Terms.
All rights not explicitly granted to you are reserved by Keybase.
In the event that you provide comments, suggestions and recommendations to Keybase with respect to the Service (including, without limitation, with respect to modifications, enhancements, improvements and other changes to the Service) (collectively, “Feedback”), you hereby grant to Keybase a world-wide, royalty free, irrevocable, perpetual license to use and otherwise incorporate any Feedback in connection with the Service.
13.
PRIVACY
In order to operate and provide the Service, we collect certain information about you.
We use that information as described in the privacy policy located at https://www.keybase.io/docs/privacypolicy (“Privacy Policy”).
14.
NO WARRANTY
KEYBASE PROVIDES THE SERVICE “AS IS”, “WITH ALL FAULTS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, KEYBASE MAKES NO (AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL) REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR FREE OF HARMFUL COMPONENTS, THAT YOUR CONTENT WILL BE SECURE OR NOT OTHERWISE LOST OR DAMAGED, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS.
IN SUCH AN EVENT SUCH EXCLUSION WILL NOT APPLY SOLELY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
You hereby acknowledge and agree that this disclaimer of warranties is a fundamental part of the agreement between you and Keybase contained in these Terms and that Keybase would not agree to enter these Terms or allow you access or use the Service without such disclaimers.
15.
INDEMNIFICATION
You will defend Keybase against any cost, loss, damage, or other liability arising from any third party demand or claim that any Your Content, or your use of the Service, in breach of these Terms: (a) infringes a registered patent, registered trademark, or copyright of a third party, or misappropriates a trade secret (to the extent that such misappropriation is not the result of Keybase’s actions).
or (b) violates applicable law or these Terms.
Keybase will reasonably notify you of any such claim or demand that is subject to your indemnification obligation.
16.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL KEYBASE, ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR: ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, COVER OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE OR CONTENT, HOWEVER CAUSED, UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT, TORT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF KEYBASE HAS BEEN ADVISED AS TO THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF KEYBASE AND ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS, RELATING TO THE SERVICES WILL BE LIMITED TO FIFTY DOLLARS ($50.00).
THE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS ALSO APPLY IF THIS REMEDY DOES NOT FULLY COMPENSATE YOU FOR ANY LOSSES OR FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES.
IN SUCH AN EVENT THIS LIMITATION WILL NOT APPLY TO YOU TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW.
You acknowledge that the foregoing limitations are an essential element of the agreement between you and Keybase and that in the absence of such limitations the terms and conditions set forth in these Terms would be substantially different.
17.
ARBITRATION.
CLASS ACTION WAIVER

17.1 Introduction.
This Section 17 includes an arbitration agreement and an agreement that all claims will be brought only in an individual capacity (and not as a class action or other representative proceeding).
Please read it carefully.
You may opt out of the arbitration agreement by following the opt out procedure described below.

17.2 Informal Process First
You agree that in the event of any dispute between you and Keybase, you will first contact Keybase and make a good faith sustained effort to resolve the dispute before resorting to more formal means of resolution, including without limitation any court action.

17.3 Arbitration Agreement
After the informal dispute resolution process any remaining dispute, controversy, or claim (collectively, “Claim”) relating in any way to your use of Keybase’s services and/or products, including the Service, or relating in any way to the communications between you and Keybase or any other user of the Service, will be finally resolved by binding arbitration.
This mandatory arbitration agreement applies equally to you and Keybase.
However, this arbitration agreement does not (a) govern any Claim by Keybase for infringement of its intellectual property or access to the Service that is unauthorized or exceeds authorization granted in these Terms or (b) bar you from making use of applicable small claims court procedures in appropriate cases.
If you are an individual you may opt out of this arbitration agreement within thirty (30) days of the first date you access or use this Service by following the procedure described below.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
There is no judge or jury in arbitration.
Instead, the dispute is resolve by a neutral arbitrator.
Court review of an arbitration award is limited.
Except to the extent the parties agree otherwise, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
You agree that the U.S.
Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision, and that you and Keybase are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action.
This arbitration provision will survive any termination of these Terms.
If you wish to begin an arbitration proceeding, after following the informal dispute resolution procedure, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to Keybase, Inc., Attn: President, 85 Broad St., 18th Floor - NY, NY 10004.
The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules including, if you are an individual, the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes.
If you are not an individual or have used the Services on behalf of an entity, the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes will not be used.
The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.
The number of arbitrators will be one.
You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.
The arbitration will be conducted in the English language and New York law will apply.
Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules.
If you are an individual and have not accessed or used the Service on behalf of an entity, we will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000, unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous, and we will not seek attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.
The arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court, will have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, unconscionability, arbitrability, enforceability, or formation of this arbitration agreement, including any claim that all or any part of this arbitration agreement is void or voidable.
However, the preceding sentence will not apply to the “Class Action Waiver” section below.
If you do not want to arbitrate disputes with Keybase and you are an individual, you may opt out of this arbitration agreement by sending an email to [legal@keybase.io] within thirty (30) days of the first date you access or use the Service.

CLASS ACTION WAIVER


Any Claim must be brought in the respective party’s individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class, collective, representative, multiple plaintiff, or similar proceeding (“Class Action”).
The parties expressly waive any ability to maintain any Class Action in any forum.
If the Claim is subject to arbitration, the arbitrator will not have authority to combine or aggregate similar claims or conduct any Class Action nor make an award to any person or entity not a party to the arbitration.
Any claim that all or part of this Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, unconscionable, void, or voidable may be determined only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator.
The parties understand that any right to litigate in court, to have a judge or jury decide their case, or to be a party to a class or representative action, is waived, and that any claims must be decided individually, through arbitration.

If this class action waiver is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of the Arbitration Agreement, if otherwise effective, will be null and void.
The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim.
If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, you and Keybase each waive any right to a jury trial and each submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts located in New York, New York.
18.
NOTICES
We may send you, in electronic form, information about the Service, additional information, and information the law requires us to provide.
We may provide required information to you by email at the address you specified when you signed up for the Service or by access to a website that we identify.
Notices emailed to you will be deemed given and received when the email is sent.
If you don’t consent to receive notices electronically, you must stop using the Service.
You may provide legal noticed to us via email to legal@keybase.io, with a duplicate copy sent via registered mail, return receipt requested, to the following address: Keybase, Attn: President, 85 Broad St., 18th Floor - NY, NY 10004, USA.
Any such notice, in either case, must specifically reference that it is a notice given under these Terms.
19.
MISCELLANEOUS

19.1.
Severability.
Entire Agreement
These Terms apply to the maximum extent permitted by relevant law.
If a court holds that we cannot enforce a part of these Terms as written, you and we will replace those terms with similar terms to the extent enforceable under the relevant law, but the rest of these Terms will remain in effect.
This is the entire contract between you and us regarding the Service.
It supersedes any prior contract or oral or written statements regarding your use of the Service.

19.2.
Assignment and transfer
We may assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose our rights and obligations under these Terms, in whole or in part, at any time without notice.
You may not assign these Terms or transfer any rights to use the Service.

19.3.
Independent Contractors.
No third-party beneficiaries
Keybase and you are not legal partners or agents.
instead, our relationship is that of independent contractors.
These Terms are solely for your and our benefit.
It is not for the benefit of any other person, except for permitted successors.

19.4.
Claims
You must bring any claim related to these Terms or the Service within one year of the date you could first bring the claim, unless your local law requires a longer time to file claims.
If it isn’t filed in time, the claim is permanently barred.

19.5.
Waiver
The failure of you or Keybase to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any of the provisions of these Terms or to exercise any rights or remedies under these Terms will not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment to any extent of your right or Keybase’s right to assert or rely upon any such provision, right or remedy in that or any other instance.
rather, the same will remain in full force and effect.

19.6.
Government Use
If you are a U.S.
government entity, you acknowledge that any Software and User Guides that are provided are “Commercial Items” as defined at 48 C.F.R.
2.101, and are being provided as commercial computer software subject to the restricted rights described in 48 C.F.R.
2.101 and 12.212.
20.
COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS AND REMOVAL POLICY
We reserve the right to delete or disable Content alleged to violate these Terms and to terminate repeat offenders.

DMCA Take-Down Notices

If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe, in good faith, that any materials on the Service infringe upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (see 17 U.S.C.
512) (the “DMCA”) by sending the following information in writing to Keybase’s designated copyright agent at [legal@keybase.io]:

(a) The date of your notification;
(b) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
(c) A description of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
(d) A description of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to enable Keybase to locate the material;
(e) Information reasonably sufficient to permit Keybase to contact you, such as an address, telephone number and/or email address;
(f) A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
and
(g) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

The failure to send proper notification pursuant to the DMCA may result in our taking incomplete or no action with respect to the allegedly infringing material described in such improper notification, and under some circumstances may even result in liability to the person(s) submitting such improper notifications.

Counter-Notices

If you believe that your content that has been removed from the Service is not infringing, or that you have authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent or pursuant to the law, to post and use the content, you may send a counter-notice containing the following information to our copyright agent using the contact information set forth above:

(i) Your physical or electronic signature;
(ii) A description of the content that has been removed and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed;
(iii) A statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content.
and
(iv) Your name, address, telephone number and email address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in the Southern District of New York and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.

If a counter-notice is received by the Keybase copyright agent, Keybase may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing such person that it may reinstate the removed content in 10 business days.
Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider or user, the removed content may (in Keybase’s discretion) be reinstated on the Service within 10 to 14 business days after receipt of the counter-notice.
21.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY NOTICES
All contents of the Site and Services including but not limited to design, text, software, technical drawings, configurations, graphics, other files, and their selection and arrangement are: Copyright © Keybase, and/or the proprietary property of its suppliers, affiliates, or licensors.
All Rights Reserved.
Keybase and the Keybase logo are including without limitation, either trademarks, service marks or registered trademarks of Keybase, Inc., and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without Keybase’s prior written permission or that of our suppliers or licensors.
Other product and company names may be trade or service marks of their respective owners.
Keybase may have patents, patent applications, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights covering subject matter that is part of the Service.
Unless we have granted you licenses to our intellectual property in these Terms, our providing you with the Service does not give you any license to our intellectual property.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.   
Keybase – Privacy Policy

Last updated: 2018 Jul 24
This Privacy Policy explains the information that Keybase, Inc.
(“Keybase,”
“we,” or “us”) collects about users of the Keybase software, website and related services (“Service”), how we use that information, and with whom we share it, as well as your choices about such uses and disclosures.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICE.
It describes how your personal information will be treated as you use the Service.
This Privacy Policy is not a contract with you, and does not create any legal rights or obligations between us.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace this Privacy Policy at any time in accordance with Section 9 (“Changes to this Privacy Policy”).
Access to the Service is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of this Privacy Policy.
By using the Service, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THE SERVICE.
If you have any questions, please contact us by sending an email to privacy@keybase.io or writing to Keybase, Inc., 85 Broad St., 18th Floor - NY, NY 10004.

Collection of Information
How We Use and Share Your Information
Your Choices
Cookies
Children
Users From Outside of the United States
Your California Privacy Rights
Security
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Contact Us

1.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Information you choose to provide:
Personal Information.
We collect and store information that can identify you personally (“Personal Information”), such as your name, email address and usernames for your social media accounts when you use our public directory (the “Directory”).
Actions.
We also collect information about certain actions that you may take while using the service (“Actions”), such as your proving you control a certain Twitter username, announcing your public key, editing your biographical information or editing any of your social media usernames.
Password Hash.
We collect and store information about your Keybase password (your “password hash”) that allows you to prove you know your password.
that hash is sent to Keybase’s servers.
Files and Data.
We collect and store files and information that you transmit to other parties using the Service or that you elect to store on the Service.
Do Not Track.
Keybase does not collect personally identifiable information from you to track you across third party websites.
As a result, Keybase does not specifically respond to web browser Do Not Track signals.
Information collected automatically:
Usage Information.
When you access or use the Service, we automatically collect and store information about your browsing habits and your use of the Service (“Usage Information”), including:

a.
Your computer’s IP address
b.
The URL of the site that referred you to the Service
c.
The buttons and controls you clicked on (if any) within the Service
d.
How long you used the Service and which parts and features you used
e.
Session times and lengths
f.
Your preferences and settings (time zone, language, privacy preferences, application preferences, etc.)

Logs containing (a) and (b) are preserved for up to a month.
Data in (c) through (f) can persist
indefinitely.
2.
HOW WE USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Use of Your Information
We use the information we collect to: provide and improve the Service and our other products and services.
customize the Service for you.
better understand our users.
communicate with you about the Service and our other products and services that we think may interest you.
verify the identity of Keybase’s users.
and diagnose and fix problems with the Service.
Disclosure of Your Information
Except for Private Information (as defined below), all of the Personal Information you provide to Keybase and the Actions you take while using the Service will be published in the Directory and available for anyone in the public to view.
The fingerprint of the Directory (i.e.
the “hash” of the directory’s “Merkle tree root”) is published into the Bitcoin block chain periodically where it is permanently verifiable by anyone.
The Bitcoin block chain can be described most simply as a permanent ledger that exists outside of the Service, which can only be appended to.
While your Personal Information is not published to the Bitcoin block chain directly, the Bitcoin block chain can help prove that Keybase is providing the same directory to everyone in the world.
For your protection from, and detection of, hackers and other undesirable intrusions into the Service, it is impossible to delete data from the Directory.
If you want to alter information that you have provided, the previously provided information cannot be deleted and can only be revoked.
When you update your identity, those changes are announced in the form of a statement by you, which is appended to the Directory.
For example, if you change your Twitter username, your old Twitter username will not be deleted from the Directory.
Instead, you will append a new statement, revoking the old Twitter username.
For a technical explanation of how Keybase supports “revocations” instead of “deletions”, how they are chained together, and how they are pinned to the Bitcoin block chain, please read our paper documentation https://keybase.io/docs/server_security.
Here are some of the other ways in which we share your information:

(a) We may disclose aggregated or anonymized information about our users for any purpose.
(b) We may disclose any information, including your Personal Information and any other information or data collected, stored or processed on our servers, if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with any law, regulation, legal process or lawful governmental requests, (ii) protect the rights or property of Keybase or our customers, including the enforcement of our agreements or policies governing your use of the Service, and (iii) act on a good faith belief that such access or disclosure is necessary to protect the personal safety of Keybase employees, customers, or the public.
(c) In the event of a proposed or actual business transaction, corporate restructuring, sale or merger of Keybase, or involving some or all of our business, assets or equity, we may disclose and/or transfer information we have collected to those involved in assessing, planning and completing the sale (including the buyer and its employees, agents and representatives).
(d) With your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you through our Service that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information in response to such notice.

What we don't share (collectively, “Private Information”):

(a) We do not share with anyone or publish in the Directory your Keybase password (also referred to as “passphrase”) or password hash.
(b) We do not share session cookies, login and reset-password links and site invitation codes and history.
(c) Keybase offers an encrypted private key store.
In the Service, you may be offered to encrypt your private key with your passphrase and store that on Keybase’s servers.
Your encrypted private key is not shared with anyone, and you may only decrypt it with your passphrase.
If you lose your passphrase, Keybase cannot recover your private key, even if it has an encrypted copy.

We also do not sell or provide Personal Information about our users to any third party for its marketing purposes.
If you choose to share any other information with a third party, such as Facebook, Twitter, or an email provider, the collection and sharing of that information will be governed by that third party’s privacy policy.
We can’t control what Facebook, Twitter, or anyone else does with information you choose to share with them.
3.
YOUR CHOICES
Deleting Your Information.
The record of your published information and Actions from the Directory and the Bitcoin Blockchain cannot be deleted.
If you wish to change the Directory, you must revoke the prior information provided using the process described above under “Disclosure of Your Information”.
Other Issues.
To contact us about any other issue with the Service, please email us at privacy@keybase.io.
4.
COOKIES
We track the information that is collected automatically from you using cookies, or small text files which include an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are sent to a user’s browser from our servers and are stored on the user’s computer hard drive.
Sending a cookie to a user’s browser enables us to collect non-personal information about that user and keep a record of the user’s preferences when utilizing our Site, both on an individual and aggregate basis.
Keybase may use both persistent and session cookies.
persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your session and until you delete them, while session cookies expire when you close your browser.
For example, we may store a persistent cookie to enable us to pre-populate form fields that you have previously completed on the website.
Although you can disable cookies on your device by indicating this in the preferences or options menu in your browser, doing so may limit your ability to view or use the website and/or Service.
5.
CHILDREN
We do not allow persons under 13 to register for the Service, and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from persons under the age of 13.
We do not direct any of our business practices or system outputs towards children under the age of thirteen.
If we are notified or have any other reason to believe that we have collected Personal Information from or about a child under the age of thirteen, we will purge all of the data and information collected from that user.
Keybase cannot remove partial data or information regarding a specific user.
As such, if a user’s data or information must be removed pursuant to this section, the entire record of such user’s data or information will be purged from the Service.
If you believe Keybase has information from or about a child less than thirteen years of age, please contact us at privacy@keybase.io.
If you are between 13 and 18 years of age, you must have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to use the Services.
You must not access our website, use the Service or accept our Terms of Service if you are a person who is either barred or otherwise legally prohibited from receiving or using the Service.
6.
USERS FROM OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES
If you’re outside the United States, your information will be sent to and stored in the United States, where our servers are located.
By accessing or using the Service, you agree to the information collection, use, and sharing practices described in this Privacy Policy.
7.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of their personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
If you are a California resident, you will be pleased to hear we’d sooner light our servers on fire than sell your data for direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please contact us at legal@keybase.io.
8.
SECURITY
Keybase takes reasonable security measures such as password protection and client-side encryption as we deem appropriate to protect the information we collect from misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Some hosting details for the technically-minded:

(a) The Service is currently hosted on Amazon’s AWS;
(b) All data is transferred with industry standard TLS during transmission.
and
(c) Keybase’s website does not serve any 3rd party hosted JavaScript.

While we do use care to protect your information, no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
As a result, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information you transmit on or through the Service, and you do so at your own risk.
9.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we make any material changes, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you, by means of a notice on the Service.
Those changes will go into effect on the “Last updated” date shown at the top of the updated Privacy Policy.
Your continued use of the Service constitutes your consent to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
10.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please email us at privacy@keybase.io. 