 Terms and conditions of use
By accessing and using letterboxd.com and any other site, application, API or embedded content owned or operated by Letterboxd Limited (the “Service”), you accept and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms”):


Use: You may only use the Service in accordance with these Terms.
All rights not expressly granted to you in these Terms are reserved by us.

Responsibility: You will be responsible for all activity that occurs as a result of your use of the Service.
We disclaim any and all liability (including for negligence) for the content, opinions, statements or other information posted to, or use of, the Service by its users.

Provision of information: In order to use the services provided on the Service, you must be at least 16 years of age.
When you register to use the Service, you agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service (“Registration Information”), and to maintain and promptly update your Registration Information in order to ensure that it remains true, accurate, current and complete.

Community policy: You must be courteous and respectful of others’ opinions, and you must not post unwelcome, aggressive, suggestive or otherwise inappropriate remarks directed at another member of the Service.
Read our full policy.

No spam, multiple accounts or mass following: You must not use the Service or encourage others to use the Service to create multiple accounts, deceive or mislead other users, disrupt discussions, circumvent account blocks, game the Service’s mechanics, alter consensus, post spam or otherwise violate our community policy.
You must not follow an excessively high number of accounts in order to generate reciprocal follows and&nbsp;thereby manipulate your account’s popularity.

No malicious use: You agree to access the Service through the interface we provide.
You must not use the Service for any malicious means, or abuse, harass, threaten, intimidate or impersonate any other user of the Service.
You must not request or attempt to solicit personal or identifying information from another member of the Service.

No illegal use: You must not use the Service for any unlawful purpose, or post any information that is in breach of any confidentiality obligation, copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property or proprietary rights of any person.

Conduct: You must not use the Service to promote, engage in or incite hate, violence, discrimination or intolerance, including based on race, age, gender, gender identity, ethnicity, religion, disability or sexual&nbsp;orientation.

Removal of content: We reserve the right to remove any content posted to the Service which we consider (in our absolute discretion) to be offensive, objectionable, unlawful or otherwise in breach of these Terms, including content that expressly praises, supports, promotes or represents white nationalist ideology.

Fees: We may charge subscription fees for the use of certain services offered on the Service (“Fees”).
We may change the amount of Fees payable from time to time.
We will communicate any changes in Fees, and any changes will only take effect at the end of your current subscription period.
If you cancel your account, you will not be entitled to a refund for any Fees you have already paid.

Intellectual property: You agree that we own all of the intellectual property rights in the Service.
You grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual and sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, distribute and display (including for commercial purposes) on the Service and in other media any content or material that you post on the Service, and any name(s) and/or avatar under which you post such content.
Other than this right, we claim no intellectual property rights in relation to the information or content that you upload onto the Service.
Any content you post to the Service should be original, and not infringe anyone else’s intellectual property rights.
You warrant that you own or are authorised to use and publish any content that you post.

Indemnity: You indemnify, and will keep indemnified, us against all forms of liability, actions, proceedings, demands, costs, charges and expenses which we may howsoever incur or be subject to or suffer as a result of the use by you of the Service.

Amendments: We reserve the right to amend these Terms at any time, including by changing the amount of any Fees payable for any of our services, and may also add new features that will be subject to these Terms.
If these changes are material we will communicate the changes to users, and by continuing to use the Service, you will be taken to have agreed to the changes.

Use of our logo: Subject to these Terms, we grant you a non-exclusive limited licence to use our Letterboxd logo when linking to the Service.
Please download our logo file here.
Each link on the “Letterboxd logos” page contains a version of our logo in one of several common formats.
You must comply with any instructions that we may give you from time to time about your use of our logo.
You must not alter our logo in any way.
use our logo in a way that suggests any type of association or partnership with us.
use our logo in a way that is harmful, deceptive, obscene or otherwise objectionable to the average person.
or use our logo to, or in connection with, content that disparages us or damages our reputation.

Third-party applications: We may provide a platform for third parties’ applications, websites and services to make products and services available to you (“Third Party Applications”) and your use of any Third Party Applications will be subject to their terms of use.
You agree that we will not be liable for the behaviour, features or content of any Third Party Applications.

Termination or suspension of accounts: If you do not abide by these Terms, we may suspend or terminate your account.

Technical support and malfunctions: We will try to promptly address (during normal business hours) all technical issues that arise on the Service.
However, we will not be liable for any loss suffered as a result of any partial or total breakdown of the Service or any technical malfunctions.

Governing law and jurisdiction: All users of the Service agree that the laws of New Zealand shall govern and apply to these Terms and each user’s use of the Service, and all users submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New Zealand courts for any matter or dispute arising in relation to these Terms.



This policy was last updated in May 2020 and is effective from 1 May 2020.

   Community policy
By accessing and using letterboxd.com or its associated apps (the “Service”), you accept and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions (“Terms”), taken from our wider terms of use:

We expect members of our community to be courteous and respectful of others’ opinions and to refrain from posting unwelcome, aggressive, suggestive or otherwise inappropriate remarks directed at another member.
You must not use the Service for any malicious means, or to abuse, harass, threaten, intimidate or impersonate any other member.
You must not request or attempt to solicit personal or identifying information from another member.
You must not use the Service to promote, engage in or incite hate, violence, discrimination or intolerance, including based on race, age, gender, gender identity, ethnicity, religion, disability or sexual orientation.
You must set the spoiler flag on any review that contains significant plot spoilers, and you must not post plot spoilers in list descriptions/notes or comment threads.
We reserve the right to remove any content which we consider to be offensive, objectionable, unlawful or otherwise in breach of our Terms, including content that expressly praises, supports, promotes or represents white nationalist ideology.
If you do not abide by our Terms, we may terminate or suspend your account.
Basically, be excellent to each other.
   Privacy policy


Your privacy: Letterboxd is committed to ensuring the privacy of your information.

Application: This Privacy Policy applies to all personal information submitted by you on letterboxd.com (the “Website”), or via an official Letterboxd app (the “App”), or via use of the Letterboxd API (the “API”), and any information that may be automatically retrieved through your use of these channels.

Consent: By accepting our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy when you create a Letterboxd account, and by accessing and using the Website, App or API, you consent to the collection, use, disclosure, storage and processing of your information in accordance with this Privacy&nbsp;Policy.

Changes to Privacy Policy: We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, with or without notice to you.
You agree to be bound by the Privacy Policy that is in effect at the time you access and use the Website, App or API.

Personal information: In order to use particular services that we offer, you may need to submit certain personal information such as your email address, name, address, telephone number, gender and date of birth.
You may be asked to submit further information from time to time.
If you connect your Facebook or Twitter accounts to your account with Letterboxd, we will access these accounts to identify which of your friends on those services are also using Letterboxd.

Cookies: A cookie is a small piece of data that is stored on your computer or mobile device.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services.
Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, many browsers’ settings can be set to decline cookies or alert you when a website is attempting to place a cookie on your computer.
However, some of our services may not function properly if you disable cookies.
When your browser or device allows it, we use both session cookies and persistent cookies to keep you signed in, to better understand how you interact with our services, to monitor aggregate usage patterns, and to personalize and otherwise operate our services such as by providing account security and personalized content.

Log data: We also receive information when you view content on, or otherwise interact with, our services, which we refer to as “Log Data”, even if you have not created a Letterboxd account.
This Log Data includes information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including device and application IDs), search terms, and cookie information.
We use Log Data to operate our services and to ensure their secure, reliable, and robust performance.
For example, we use Log Data to protect the security of your account and to determine what features are popular on our services.
We also use this data to improve the content we show you and to identify potential misuse of our services.

Use of information: The personal information you provide us will only be used in relation to the services we provide you, to communicate with you in relation to our services or to co-operate with any government, industry or regulatory authorities.

Disclosure of information: Unless you have expressly authorised us to do so, we will not disclose your personal information to any third party except where disclosure relates to the purposes for which the information was collected (as stated in paragraph 8 above).

Access to and updates of information: You may request at any time to access the personal information that we hold on your behalf or to correct or update any of your personal information (to the extent that you are unable to do so yourself on the Website).
If you have registered an account with Letterboxd, you can access, correct, delete, or modify the personal information you provided to us and associated with your account via your Settings page.

Access to and updates of information: You may request at any time to access the personal information that we hold on your behalf or to correct or update any of your personal information (to the extent that you are unable to do so yourself on the Website).
If you have registered an account with Letterboxd, you can access, correct, delete, or modify the personal information you provided to us and associated with your account via your Settings page on the Website.

Storage of information: We will securely store your personal information in the United States, although you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be transferred outside of the United States in connection with the services we offer, as further set out in clause 12 below.

Global operations and Privacy Shield: To bring you our services, we operate globally.
Where the laws of your country allow you to do so, you authorize us to transfer, store, and use your data in the United States, New Zealand and any other country where we might operate.
In some of the countries to which we transfer personal data, the privacy and data protection laws and rules regarding when government authorities may access data may vary from those of your country.
When we transfer personal data outside of the European Union or EFTA States, we ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country’s data protection laws, contractual obligations placed on the recipient of the data, or EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield principles

Retention: We will hold your personal information both before and after the deactivation or your account, but only for as long as we are lawfully entitled&nbsp;to do so, or until you request that we permanently delete it.

Deactivation and deletion: Your account can be deactivated in Settings, and you can request permanent deletion via email following deactivation.
When deactivated, your&nbsp;Letterboxd account, including your username, profile and content will no longer be viewable on the Website, App or API,&nbsp;but they will be retained unless and&nbsp;until you separately request permanent deletion via email.
If you don’t request deletion,&nbsp;then it is possible to request the reactivation of your account if it was&nbsp;accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
We cannot restore permanently deleted accounts.

Deactivation and deletion: Your account can be deactivated from Settings on the Website, and you can request permanent deletion via email following deactivation.
When deactivated, your&nbsp;Letterboxd account, including your username, profile and content will no longer be viewable on the Website, App or API,&nbsp;but they will be retained unless and&nbsp;until you separately request permanent deletion via email.
If you don’t request deletion,&nbsp;then it is possible to request the reactivation of your account if it was&nbsp;accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
We cannot restore permanently deleted accounts.

Portability: Letterboxd provides you a means to download the information you have shared through our services by using the account export option on your Settings page.

Portability: Letterboxd provides you a means to download the information you have shared through our services by using the account export option on your Settings page on the Website.

Security: You must keep any login, password or account information relating to your use of the Website secure at all times, and must immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of such information or any other breach of security.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage if you fail to comply with this security obligation.

Captcha: This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.



This policy was last updated in November 2019 and is effective from 1 November 2019.

 