 ATTENTION: this translation of the User Agreement is not a legally binding document.
The original User Agreement, which is valid, is located at the following address: http://www.livejournal.com/legal/tos-ru.bml.

 Subject of the Agreement 
Sup Media, Limited Liability Company (the Administration) shall make the Service available to user of the information and telecommunications network Internet (User) under the terms and conditions defined in this User Agreement (the Agreement).
The Service may be used only by individuals aged 14 and above.
The Administration shall make the Service available to User for free.


 General Provisions 
This Agreement constitutes a public offer in accordance with Article 437 of the Civil Code of the Russian Federation.
By using the Service, including every access to the Website pages by any means, User unconditionally accepts this Agreement in its entirety.
This Agreement governs User’s and the Administration’s rights and obligations as well as their relationships with third parties whose rights and interests may be affected by User’s actions.
The current version of the Agreement hereof is available online at http://www.livejournal.com/legal/tos-en.bml.
This Agreement may be amended by the Administration without special notice by publishing a new version hereof at the above URL.
The new version hereof shall come into force upon its online publishing unless otherwise set forth by such a new version hereof.
Any User who does not agree with the terms of the current version hereof in full or in part shall discontinue using the Service in any way.
Users breach hereunder may cause termination of his/her access to his/her Account or deletion of such an Account as well as full or partial deletion of the Content or suspension thereto without prior notice.


 Terms 
Authorisation means the analysis of the Authentication Details given by User performed by the software part of the Service, based on which User is given an access to his/her Account.

Account means User’s account containing Authentication Details and other information provided by the User while using the Service.

Authentication Details means unique means of User identification (username and password) used for Authorisation.

Blog means a third-level domain of the Website which is transferred by the Administration to User under the terms and conditions hereof to post his/her Content (keep a Blog).

Community Owner means User who created a Blog in the form of Community.

Content means User`s information within the Service, including any information published during the process of Registration, in Blogs and Communities as a note or comment as well as sent by User in private messages using the Service.

Community Moderator means User to whom the Community Owner provided access to the functionality necessary to moderate the Community’s Content.

Profile means a publicly available page automatically created within the Service during the Registration, which contains all the information filled out by User during the Registration as well as during any further modifications or amendments of his/her Account, except for password and email address specified for registration.

Paid Services means any additional services provided to User by the Administration and Live Journal Inc.
on a cost basis.

Registration means User actions performed in order to create an Account pursuant to the procedure established by the Administration.
User shall give his/her Authentication Details during the Registration process and may also give any other non-obligatory information which he/she deems fit.

Website means a website in the information and telecommunications network Internet identified by its domain name LiveJournal.
com.

Service means the LiveJournal Service which allows User to keep Blogs, posts notes, comments and use any other functions offered by the Administration.

Community Supervisor means User to whom the Community Owner gave access to special Community management functions.

Community means a Blog devoted to a topic specified by the Community Owner, the scope of Content which may be created by a Community of Users in accordance with the rules defined by the Community Owner.

 Account Registration 
In order to use a number of functions of the Service, User shall go through Registration procedure.
For the purpose of Registration, the User shall provide information in accordance with the registration form.
If the Administration has reasons to believe that the information provided by the User is incorrect or out-of-date, the Administration may at its own discretion suspend the access to the User’s Account or delete such an Account.
User shall confirm the Registration by activating following the instruction sent by the Administration to User’s email address defined for the Registration (Registered Address) upon submission of the information to the Registration form;
The Administration may, at its own discretion, prohibit the use of certain usernames as well as establish requirements to username and password (the number of characters, allowed symbols etc.) If the Administration detects that any words (letter combinations) are used as usernames that may be regarded as affecting the Administration’s and/or any third parties’ rights and legal interests, the Administration may, at its own discretion, delete the User’s Account or restrict access to it until User has changed his/her username as required by the Administration.

After completion of the registration process, User`s Account and Blog shall be created within the Service identified by a third-level domain name in the format username.
livejournal.
com, where ’username’ means the username chosen by User.
User shall be responsible for the security (guessing attacks resistance) of the Authentication Details and its confidentiality.

User shall be responsible for all actions performed using the User’s Authentications Details, All actions performed upon the Authorisation using the User’s Authentication Details shall be deemed performed by the User personally, unless the User has duly notified the Administration in advance of possible Unauthorised Access and/or any breach (alleged breach) of confidentiality of his/her Authentication Details in accordance herewith.
The User shall be responsible for any possible loss or distortion of information and for other consequences of any nature which may occur due to the User’s breach of any provisions of the Agreement.
User also can get an access to additional Service functions via her/his Facebook’, Twitter’, Google’, VKontakte’ or Mail.
ru’ account (Third Party’ Account).
Third Party Account functions can be limited in comparison with Account functions.


 User Details 
The technical data transmitted to the Service by the User’s software as well as any other information transmitted by the User to the Service shall be available to the Administration and may be used at its own discretion legally, including targeting the advertising to User.
The User’s IP address may be available to other Users when User posts comments in Blogs, depending on settings chosen by User or by the Community Owner where User posts such comments.
Information contained in the Profile shall be available to other Users.
User may at any time delete and/or modify the Profile using Account management interface.

Please note that, no information which can directly or indirectly identify the individual is needed in order to use the Service, including registration process.
thus, the relationship connected with the Service, the Registration and information provided in the process of Registration, is not governed by the provisions of Federal Act of the Russian Federation No.
152-ФЗ.



 Account Termination 
 Termination of Inactive Accounts by the Administration 
The Administration reserves the right to delete Account and Blog if User did not access the Account or the access was restricted for more than 2 years due to a breach hereof.


 Account Termination by the User 
User may delete his/her Account using Account management interface.
When the function to delete Account is activated, Account shall be blocked for 1 year, during which other Users shall have no access to the Blog Content;
Within this period hereof User can restore his/her Account, and Users’ access to the Blog Content shall be restored;
If User will not restore, his/her Account, username shall become available to other Users and all the User’s information and all the Content posted using Account and checked by User in the interface as subject to deletion shall be deleted except for the information specified in clause 6.3 hereof.
Thenceforth, Account or any information related thereto cannot be restored.
The data stored in accordance with clause 6.3 hereof shall not be available to User or to third parties and may be provided by the Administration only at the request of competent authorities.



Please note that in accordance with part 3 Article 10.1 of the Federal Act of the Russian Federation No.
149-ФЗ the Administration shall keep the following information and provide it upon the lawful request of the competent authorities regardless of Users will:

any information related to receipt, transfer, delivery and/or processing of voice information, written texts, images, sounds, video and other electronic messages of Users and information on Users who performed the above actions, within one year upon performing such actions;




 Blog 
User may keep Blog, post notes and comments within his/her own Blog (Community) or in other Users’ Blogs (Communities).
Using the Service functions, User shall define the Content and the level of Content availability to Users subject to the requirements specified herein and applicable laws.
User who created Blog shall be responsible for such a Blog as well as for the Content posted therein.

Requirements connected to Article 10.2 of the Federal Act of the Russian Federation No.
149-ФЗ were excluded starting from July 30, 2017 as this Article was repealed by Federal Act of the Russian Federation No.
276-ФЗ.
User who posted comments in Blog and User keeping such a Blog shall be jointly and severally liable in respect of such comments.


 Community 
User may create Communities.
Community may have its own Community rules.
however, such rules may not contradict hereto or to applicable laws.
Community Owner shall be responsible for the Community, including the Community rules, the Content posted within the Community, the actions of Community Supervisor and Moderator.
Requirements connected to Article 10.2 of the Federal Act of the Russian Federation No.
149-ФЗ were excluded starting from July 30, 2017 as this Article was repealed by Federal Act of the Russian Federation No.
276-ФЗ.
User who posted a note or a comment in Community and Community Owner shall be subsidiarily liable in respect of such a note or a comment.
Community Supervisor and Community Owner shall be subsidiarily liable in respect of Community Supervisor’ actions.


 Content 
 By posting Content, User shall: 
Guarantee to the Administration that Content and terms of its appearance on the Service meets all the requirements of the applicable laws, that User has received all rights and permits necessary to post such a Content;
In respect of any Content which constitutes intellectual property, User provides to the Administration a non-exclusive (simple) license to use his/her Content in order to provide the Service by reproducing his/her Content as well as by making it public for the entire period the Content is posted on the Service.
If User participates in any rankings or if User’s Content is used in any editorial projects of the Service, User provides to the Administration an additional authorisation to modify, shorten and amend his/her Content, to add images, a preamble, comments or any clarifications to his/her Content while using it, and in certain cases based on the Service functions, an authorisation to use User’s Content anonymously.
Mark Content estimated by Russian legislation as inappropriate for children (0 −18) as “adult material” by using Service functions.


 The User may not: 
register a legal entity as a User;
register himself/herself as a User on behalf of another individual;
mislead Users as to his/her identity and relationships with other individuals;
transmit spam messaging without the recipients’ consent;
perform any actions aimed at disrupting the normal functioning of the Service;
without the Administration’s special permit, use automatic scripts (bots, crawlers etc.) to collect information from the Service and/or to interact with the Service;
post advertising and/or political solicitation materials unless otherwise directly specified in a separate agreement between User and the Administration;
perform any other actions contradictory to the laws of the Russian Federation and/or any other applicable laws, including those applicable in the jurisdiction of User’s residence.



Any claims related to the Content shall be submitted to the Administration through the contact form.



 Rights and Obligations of the Administration 
The Administration shall endeavour to ensure providing of the Service and its prompt restoration in the event of technical failures and outages.
The Administration shall not verify the correctness of the information provided by User during the Registration.
however, in some circumstances it reserves the right to request User to confirm such an information.
Failure to confirm the information may be considered as provision of incorrect information and have the consequences specified in clause 4.2 hereof.
The Administration shall not verify the compliance of Content and/or Users’ actions with the terms and conditions hereof and with the applicable laws.
however, it reserves the right at its own discretion or upon the request received from the competent authority and/or the substantiated request by another entity without User’s prior notice, marked Content as an “adult material”, take measures specified in clause 2.5 hereof and restrict the access to Blog/Community for certain Users.
In case of request of from a competent authority, the Administration may be obliged to provide the information about User or related to User.
The Administration may restrict User’s access to any Service function and restrict or prohibit the use of API and posting of links to third-party resources and take any other actions aimed at protecting the Service from factors which present or may have a risk to Users, to the normal operation of the Service and to the Administration’s policies.
The Administration shall implement the said measures at its own discretion and shall not be responsible for possible negative consequences of such measures to User and to third parties.
The Administration may at its own discretion and without User’s prior notice supplement, reduce or otherwise modify any Service function and it’ procedures.


 Liability 
User shall be liable for breaching the terms and conditions hereof, including the requirements to Registration and Content posting, as well as for violation of applicable laws committed by User, including the laws of the Russian Federation and the laws of User’s residence;
The Administration shall not be liable for any temporary failures or interruption in the operation of the Service and for information unavailability and/or loss caused by it.
The Administration shall not be liable for any damage to any equipment or computer software or data caused by or related to using the Service including damage caused by Service’ supplementation in accordance with clause 10.6.

Please note that in accordance with the Russian Federation Act No.
2300-1 dated February 7, 1992, the provisions of the said act related to consumer rights protection do not apply to the relationship between the Administration and Users as the Service is provided for free.



 Advertising 
Unless otherwise specifically set forth by a separate agreement between User and the Administration, the Administration may without further notice or refund, place advertising on the Service, including on any Blog/Community pages.
The Administration may at any time change the method, type and quantity of the advertising placed on the Service.
The User’s participation in campaigns and events advertised within the Service, as well as User’s purchasing of any products, work or services shall create rights and obligations only between User and the entity selling the respective product, work or service or holding such campaign or event.
If User places any advertising Content on the Service (or promises to place such Content), this does not create any obligations of the Administration.
The Administration may send to User information related to the Service as well as third-party advertising using the email address provided by User.


 Miscellaneous 
 The following addresses shall be used to send legally significant communications: 
 to the Administration: 
in respect of communications related to Content: contact form,
in respect of other communications: bldg. 1, 9 Varshavskoye Highway, Moscow, 117105.


to User: the address provided for registration:


All disputes arising out of this Agreement and/or related to the Service and Content may be resolved in Court after the Parties have taken steps to settle the dispute by negotiation, 30 calendar days upon the date when the claim (request) was sent to the addresses defined in clause 12.1 hereof.
If the dispute is not resolved by the time defined in clause 13.2 hereof it may be resolved by the Court in the Administration’s location.



ATTENTION: this translation of the User Agreement is not a legally binding document.
The original User Agreement, which is valid, is located at the following address: http://www.livejournal.com/legal/tos-ru.bml.
  LiveJournal Inc.
takes your privacy seriously.
We are committed to making best efforts to protect your personal information and to give you as much control as possible over the privacy of the content you post on the Service.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to the LiveJournal Service worldwide (the “Service”), but may not cover the content you share with third party advertisers, web developers, or service providers that may appear on the Service, or support LiveJournal products or services, which are subject to their respective privacy policies.

Safe Harbor Principles: LiveJournal is a social media platform that hosts user-generated content.
LiveJournal does not control, condone, endorse, or assume responsibility for any of the content posted by our users.
LiveJournal complies with the http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/ U.S.
Department of Commerce’s Safe Harbor Program, and is committed to resolving complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information.  European Union citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact LiveJournal at:

LiveJournal, Inc.
430 Main Street
San Francisco
CA 94105
 Account and Profile Information 
Registration: LiveJournal collects certain personal information when you register for the Service, including your name, date of birth, contact information (collectively, “identifiable personal information”).
We ask for your date of birth in order to verify that you are over 13 years of age, but you are free to hide your date of birth or just the year you were born as well as all other identifiable personal information that you do not wish to share.

Profile: You are encouraged to provide as much non-identifiable personal information as you like once you register for the Service, including your interests, schools, and other biographical data.
This will help you find friends and communities on the Service.
LiveJournal will not resell your identifiable personal information to third parties.
We may, however, aggregate and share generalized data and demographic information about you, such as your age, gender, geographic region, and analytical data describing your use of, and interaction with, any part of the Service, including, but not limited to, third party products, services, sponsored contests, sweepstakes, and advertisements.

Transactions: LiveJournal may collect and retain records regarding purchases you make on the Service as well as transactions involving third party products, services, and other offerings.

Browser: LiveJournal automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookies, and the pages you request. How We Use IP Addresses LiveJournal may occasionally obtain IP addresses from users, depending upon how you access the Service.
By posting to another user’s Journal or a Community, you may display your IP address, depending on the settings of that Journal or Community.
IP addresses, browser, and session information may be used for a variety of reasons, including to:

Diagnose and prevent service or technology problems reported by our users or engineers.
Estimate the number of users visiting LiveJournal from various geographic regions.
Track public and internal access to content, services, and/or resources.
Monitor and prevent fraud, Spam, and abuse.
Deliver more relevant advertisements to you.
 How We Use Cookies A cookie is a small amount of data that often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive.
You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set.
If you configure your browser to reject cookies, however, you may not be able to use some LiveJournal or third party products or services.
LiveJournal allows some third parties that advertise and/or offer products and services on the Service to set and access their cookies on your computer when you visit their web sites, subject to their respective privacy policies.
Third parties are not granted access to LiveJournal's cookies. Special Rules Regarding Children You must be at least 13 years of age to use the Service.
Users who are found to be under 13 years of age may be suspended from the Service without notice.
Users who are over 18 years of age and who register as being under 18 years of age may be suspended without notice.
Users who are under 18 years of age and who register as being over 18 years of age may be suspended without notice.
Any content that is determined to have been posted by a user who was under 13 at the time of posting will also be deleted.
We will not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, and any information inadvertently gathered will be promptly deleted. Information You Share 
LiveJournal: Whenever you post and/or provide personal information through use of this Service, you understand that you are sharing your information with LiveJournal, organizations that may hold an interest in LiveJournal, their divisions and/or subsidiaries, and any of LiveJournal’s divisions and/or subsidiaries, and/or assigns.
Their use of your personal information is subject to this Policy and/or applicable law, but may be modified anytime by posting an updated Policy at this URL.
It is your responsibility to check this Policy on a regular basis.
Use of the Service constitutes your consent to the terms described herein.

No Resale of Identifiable Personal Information: We will not share or resell your identifiable personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes.
LiveJournal may display relevant ads based on non-identifiable personal information, such as browser type, region detected on the basis of information located in the Network field of the Internet Address, and your use of, and interaction with, any part of the Service.

Billing: LiveJournal may use your personal information in order to investigate or complete a transaction (such as processing a payment for a service you ordered).


Email: LiveJournal may use your email address to contact you regarding important Account or Service updates.
We will do our best to offer an opportunity to opt-out of non-essential communications.

Username: Whenever you post content or send a message on the Service, your LiveJournal ID (“Username”) may be visible to other users, depending on your privacy settings.
Any information you post on the Service, including, but not limited to, content posted in your Journal, Communities, or your Profile page, may be accessible through use of your Username.


Public Content: Whenever you post content on the Service and set the privacy setting to “Public” or “Everybody,” you understand that this information may be accessible by anyone with Internet access, whether or not they are logged into LiveJournal.
In addition, any content you post publicly may result in unsolicited communications from other parties.
You should further understand that any personally identifiable information and/or content that you post on LiveJournal that is viewable by other users may be copied and/or shared without your consent.
LiveJournal cannot be responsible for any loss or damages relating to any information you post on the Service.
LiveJournal may repost public entries, in whole or in part, on the LiveJournal homepage or other LiveJournal pages in order to help users find friends and communities based on mutual interests.

Third Parties: LiveJournal may share your identifiable personal information with third parties under the following circumstances:


Operations: In the course of business, it may be necessary to grant access to internal systems that contain your personal information in order to improve our operations and Service, including, but not limited to, outside service providers, contractors, and vendors.
Whenever practicable, we will obtain confidentiality agreements that are consistent with this policy and take reasonable measures to limit access to your personal information.

Sponsored Contests and Giveaways: Should you choose to participate in a sponsored contest, sweepstake, or give-away and/or if you request information from a third party advertiser or service provider, we may transfer personal information that you have specifically agreed to share.
We will do our best to warn you when you are agreeing to share your information with a third party and let you know whether the third party’s privacy policy applies.

Ad Service: LiveJournal may deliver relevant ads to you based on general demographic data, stated interests, and/or your use of, and interaction with, any part of the Service, subject to your privacy settings and Account type, as described in our TOS, which is integrated by reference herein.
LiveJournal will not share your identifiable personal information with third party advertisers, but may aggregate and share non-identifiable generalized data about you with third parties, including demographic information and your viewing of, and interaction with, advertisements displayed on the Service in order to improve the relevancy of ad service, third party offerings, and related campaigns.

Ad Networks: Advertisements that appear on LiveJournal may be delivered to users by LiveJournal or one of our advertising partners (or "ad networks").
Ad networks include third party ad servers, ad technology vendors, and/or research firms.
Ad networks may set cookies and/or include a file, called a web beacon, enabling ad networks to provide auditing, research, and/or reporting to advertisers.
Please note that none of your identifiable personal information will be shared with our advertisers through their use of cookies or web beacons.

Third Parties: LiveJournal works with third parties, including advertising companies and website analysis firms, who use their own cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your surfing activities when you visit our site and other third party sites.
This non-personally identifiable information is typically used by these third party advertising networks to serve you advertisements tailored to meet your preferences (and likely interests) while you are on our site and others.
If you want to prevent a third-party advertiser from collecting data your non-personally identifiable information, you may either visit each ad network's web site individually and opt out, or visit the NAI gateway opt-out site to opt-out of all network advertising cookies of NAI members.
Click here for the NAI gateway opt-out site, http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp.

Legal Process: We may share your personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, to establish and/or exercise our legal rights, or to defend against legal claims under U.S.
law.


Safety and Security: We may share your personal information with U.S.
Law enforcement officers to investigate, prevent, or take action to prevent or stop illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of LiveJournal's TOS, and/or if it is necessary to comply with, and/or cure a potential violation or breach of, U.S.
law.

Sale of Business: In the course of business, we might negotiate to sell all or part of our business.
In such transactions, your personal information may be shared or transferred to the buyer, but shall remain subject to this Policy.
Such Policy may, however, be updated or amended at any time.
The revised policy will be posted here for your review.
 Confidentiality and Security 
Internet Security: Any content posted over the Internet or a wireless network cannot be guaranteed 100% private or secure.
Whenever you post content anywhere on the Service, we will make reasonable efforts to ensure your privacy in the following manner:


Safeguards: We use physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information.

Passwords: We require you log-in with a password to access personal Account information.

Encryption: In certain areas, LiveJournal uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
Please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, or altered by breach of our firewalls and secure server software.

Security Breach: If LiveJournal learns of a security systems breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps.
We may also post to the LiveJournal News and/or Support pages.

Email: By using this web site or providing personal information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues.
Please note that we will never ask you to submit personal information or to verify the status of your personal information in any electronic communication.
Should you ever receive an email that appears to be from LiveJournal asking for your personal information, do not respond to that email, and forward it to our customer care team at privacy@livejournal.com.


 Editing or Deleting Your Account 
Account Information: You can edit your LiveJournal Account information at any time.

Account Deletion: You can delete your LiveJournal account at any time by visiting our Account Deletion page.
Please notice that it may take some time for all of your content to be deleted and purged from our servers.
We reserve the right to retain and/or keep records of your personal information to the extent it is necessary to protect LiveJournal's legal interests or comply with court orders, legal process, or other regulatory requirements under U.S.
law. Contacting LiveJournal If you have a question about this policy or have an outstanding issue regarding privacy on LiveJournal, you can submit a customer support request at http://www.livejournal.com/support/submit.bml.
If you have a pressing issue that requires prompt assistance, please email us directly at privacy@livejournal.com.
Please note that we will respond as quickly as possible, but it may take a few days for us to respond to your request.

Effective Date: December 16, 2014

