 Patent Information Features and services within Intuit products may be the subject matter of pending and issued patents assigned to Intuit Inc. Trademark Information Intuit, the Intuit logo, Quicken, QuickBooks, TurboTax, Mint, Lacerte, ProSeries and QuickBase, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc., or one of its subsidiaries, in the United States and other countries.
For more information on Intuit's trademarks, please see our Trademark Information and Restrictions page. Copyright Information Intuit's products, services, Web content and related materials (collectively, "Offerings") are owned by Intuit and/or its licensors, and all rights in such Offerings are reserved by Intuit and/or its licensors.
For information regarding permission to use screen displays and other content, please see Intuit's Permissions Policy.
Intuit's Anti-Piracy Information resource provides basic information on software piracy and its negative effects on businesses and consumers, including the risks associated with purchasing or using counterfeit CD media.
This resource also includes information on how to check certain products for authenticity and how to report piracy directly to Intuit. Notices of Infringement Persons who believe that their copyrights have been infringed via Intuit sites may notify Intuit's Designated Agent.
All notices must comply with the requirements of U.S.
Copyright Act 17 U.S.C.
512(c)(3) and regulations promulgated thereunder, each as amended.
Such notices not complying with these requirements will be returned unprocessed.
No other notices or inquiries of any type, including requests for information, purchase or technical support questions, notices of infringement of third-party trademark or patent rights, employment inquiries, press inquiries, or investor inquiries, will be read or answered under this Agent and Agent Address.

Designated Agent and Address of Agent: Attn: Legal Department - Copyright AgentIntuit Inc.2632 Marine Way, MS2675Mountain View, CA 94043Telephone: (650) 944-6000Fax: (650) 944-5656Email: copyright [at] intuit.com Risk of Loss All items purchased and shipped from Intuit are fulfilled pursuant to a shipment contract between Intuit and our carriers.
This means that both the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery of the items to the carrier. Licensing and Support For licensing and product support related inquiries, please refer to Intuit Support. ProAdvisor Inquiries For questions related to the ProAdvisor Program, please contact ProAdvisor Support. IPP Inquiries For questions related to the Intuit Partner Platform program, please contact Developer Support Other Help Please see Contact Us 
  Privacy and Security Policy Date Last Revised: July 28, 2014

At Intuit, our most important asset is our relationship with you.
Intuit is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of any personal information about our users.
This Privacy &amp.
Security Policy explains how we protect personal information provided through our website www.mint.com (the “Site”) and how we use that information in connection with our service offered through the Site (the “Service”).
“Personal information” for purposes of this Policy means information that identifies you, such as your name, address, phone number, fax number or email address.
Intuit stresses its privacy and security standards to guard against identity theft and provide security for your personal information.
We regularly re-evaluate our privacy and security policies and adapt them as necessary to deal with new challenges.
Intuit is certified through the TRUSTe Web Privacy Seal Program.
TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to build user’s trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices.
In order to obtain certification, Intuit disclosed its information privacy practices to TRUSTe for its review to ensure compliance with TRUSTe’s requirements.
If you contact us with a privacy-related concern as directed in this Policy and do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or if your inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed, you should contact TRUSTe at http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php.
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns.

Your Privacy is not for sale
We limit the collection and use of personal information
Changes to your Registration Information
Online session information and use is only used to improve your experience
Third parties offering other products or services will not be given your personal information without your permission
Use of Blogs and other Forums on Mint.com
Contests, Giveaways and Surveys
Disclosure of your information to protect our rights or if required by law
Your data may be transferred upon change of control but only in accordance with this Policy
You can transport or delete your data 
Email communications from us 
Your data is secure and only seen by you
Our service ensures secure communications with encryption
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Login ID and Password
We post updates on our website whenever there is a change to our Privacy and Security Policy
Contact us if you have any questions or concerns
Back to Top 1.
Your Privacy is not for sale Simply put, we do not and will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone, for any reason, at any time.
Intuit uses and discloses your personal information only as follows:

to analyze site usage and improve the Service;
to deliver to you any administrative notices, money alerts and communications relevant to your use of the Service;
to fulfill your requests for certain products and services;
for market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems, detecting and protecting against error, fraud or other criminal activity;
to third-party contractors that provide services to Intuit and are bound by these same privacy restrictions;
to enforce Intuit’s Terms of Use.
and
as otherwise set forth in this Privacy and Security Policy.

In the event that you access the Service as brought to you by one of our co-brand partners, through a co-branded URL, your email address used for registration on the Service may be provided to that co-brand partner. Back to Top 2.
We limit the collection and use of personal information Certain areas and features of Mint.com are available to you without registration or the need to provide to us any information.
However, other features of the Site or the Service may require registration, which involves provision to Intuit of an email address, a password and your zip code and to participate on our forum boards, a username (collectively the “Registration Information”).
In order to benefit from the full functionality of the Service, you also must provide your third-party account credentials (“Account Credentials”) to allow Intuit to access your account data at those other financial institutions (“Account Information”) for your use.
From time to time we may request other personal information to provide you with other benefits of the Service.
In all such instances, you will be given the opportunity to provide or to decline to provide that information, and it will be used only for the stated purpose.
Intuit may make anonymous or aggregate personal information and disclose such data only in a non-personally identifiable manner to:

Advertisers and other third parties for their marketing and promotional purposes, such as the number of users who applied for a credit card or how many users clicked on a particular Intuit Offer;
Organizations approved by Intuit that conduct research into consumer spending.
and
Users of the Service for purposes of comparison of their personal financial situation relative to the broader community.

Such information does not identify you individually.
Access to your Registration Information, Account Credentials, Account Information and any other personal information you provide is strictly restricted and used in accordance with specific internal procedures and safeguard governing access, in order to operate, develop or improve the Service.
These individuals have been selected in accordance with our security policies and practices and are bound by confidentiality obligations.
They may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
We may also use third party vendors or service providers to help us provide the Service to you, such as sending e-mail messages on our behalf or hosting and operating a particular feature or functionality of the Service.
Our contracts with these third parties outline the appropriate use and handling of your information and prohibit them from using any of your personal information for purposes unrelated to the product or service they're providing.
We require such third parties to maintain the confidentiality of the information we provide to them. Back to Top 3.
Changes to your Registration Information If your Registration Information changes during your subscription to Intuit, you may update it any time via the Service. Back to Top 4.
Online session information and use is only used to improve your experience When you visit Mint.com, we may collect technical and navigational information, such as computer browser type, Internet protocol address, pages visited, and average time spent on our Site.
This information may be used, for example, to alert you to software compatibility issues, or it may be analyzed to improve our Web design and functionality.
“Cookies” are alphanumeric identifiers in the form of text files that are inserted and stored by your Web browser on your computer’s hard drive.
Intuit may set and access cookies on your computer to track and store preferential information about you.
Intuit may gather information about you through cookie technology.
For example, Intuit may assign a cookie to you, to limit the amount of times you see a particular Intuit Offer or to help better determine which Intuit Offers to serve to you.
Please note that most Internet browsers will allow you to stop cookies from being stored on your computer and to delete cookies stored on your computer.
If you choose to eliminate cookies, the full functionality of the Service may be impaired for you.
We encode our cookies so that only we can interpret the information stored in them.
Web beacons are images embedded in a Web page or email for the purpose of measuring and analyzing site usage and activity.
Intuit, or third party service providers acting on our behalf, may use Web beacons to help us analyze Site usage and improve the Service.
We may use third party service providers to help us analyze certain online activities.
For example, these service providers may help us measure the performance of our online campaigns or analyze visitor activity on Mint.com.
We may permit these service providers to use cookies and other technologies to perform these services for Intuit.
We do not share any personal information about our customers with these third party service providers, and these service providers do not collect such information on our behalf.
Our third party service providers are required to comply fully with this Privacy and Security Policy.
We may use Google Analytics on parts of this Site to determine age, gender, interest and other data to better serve our customers.
If you prefer to not have your data used by Google Analytics you may visit the Google Analytics opt-out page and install the add-on for your browser.
Do Not Track
Without an industry or legal standard of interpreting Do Not Track (DNT) signals sent to us by your browser, we do not respond DNT signals at this time.
To learn more about how DNT works, please visit http://allaboutdnt.com/. Back to Top 5.
Third parties offering other products or services will not be given your personal information without your permission There are a number of separate products and services offered by third parties advertised by us on our Site and through the Service that may be complementary to your use of Mint.com, such as lenders, banks, credit card issuers and brokerage institutions (collectively, “Intuit Offers”).
If you choose to use these separate products or services, disclose information to the providers, or grant them permission to collect information about you, then their use of your information is governed by their privacy policies.
You should evaluate the practices of external services providers before deciding to use their services.
Intuit is not responsible for their privacy practices.
If you click on a link to a third party site, Intuit encourages you to check the privacy policy of that site.
Intuit may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed and whether any action has been taken on a third party Web site.
We use this information to improve the quality of the Intuit Offers and customized content on the Service. Back to Top 6.
Blogs and other Forums on Mint.com If you use a bulletin board, blog or chat room on our Site, you should be aware that any information you submit there can be read, collected or used by other users and could be used to send you unsolicited messages.
We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these forums.
These forums may be hosted by Intuit or by one of our third party service providers on Intuit's behalf. Back to Top 7.
Contests, Giveaways and Surveys From time to time, Intuit may offer you the opportunity to participate in contests, giveaways and other promotions.
Any information submitted in connection with such activities will be treated in accordance with this Privacy and Security Policy, except as specifically set forth in the rules for those contests, giveaways or promotions.
From time to time, Intuit may also ask you to participate in surveys designed to help Intuit improve the Site.
Any personal information provided to Intuit in connection with any survey will be used only in relation to that survey and as elsewhere set forth in this Policy. Back to Top 8.
Disclosure of your information to protect our rights or if required by law Notwithstanding the foregoing, Intuit reserves the right (and you authorize Intuit) to share or disclose your personal information when Intuit determines, in its sole discretion, that the disclosure of such information is necessary or appropriate:

To enforce our rights against you or in connection with a breach by you of this Privacy and Security Policy or the Mint.com Terms of Use;
To prevent prohibited or illegal activities.
or
When required by any applicable law, rule regulation, subpoena or other legal process.
Back to Top 9.
Your data may be transferred upon change of control but only in accordance with this Policy Personal information may be transferred to a third party as a result of a sale, acquisition, merger, reorganization or other change of control.
If we sell, merge or transfer any part of our business, part of the sale may include your personal information.
If so, you will be asked if you'd like to stop receiving promotional information following any change of control. Back to Top 10.
You can transport or delete your data Your data is yours.
You can remove it anytime you want.
When you request us to delete your account for the Service, your data will be permanently expunged from our primary production servers and further access to your account will not be possible.
We will also promptly disconnect any connection we had established to your Account Information and delete all account credentials.
However, portions of your data, consisting of aggregate data derived from your Account Information, may remain on our production servers indefinitely.
Your data may also remain on a backup server or media.
Intuit keeps these backups to ensure our continued ability to provide the Service to you in the event of malfunction or damage to our primary production servers.
We also reserve the right to use any aggregated or anonymous data derived from or incorporating your personal information. Back to Top 11.
Email communications from us We provide our registered customers with weekly summaries of their Account Information and email alerts.
We also allow users to subscribe to email newsletters and from time to time may transmit emails promoting Intuit or third-party goods or services.
Mint.com subscribers have the ability to opt-out of receiving our promotional emails and to terminate their newsletter subscriptions by following the instructions in the emails.
Opting out in this manner will not end transmission of service-related emails, such as email alerts. Back to Top 12.
Your data is secure We use a combination of firewall barriers, encryption techniques and authentication procedures, among others, to maintain the security of your online session and to protect Mint.com accounts and systems from unauthorized access.
When you register for the Service, Intuit requires a password from you for your privacy and security.
Intuit transmits information such as your Registration Information for Mint.com or Account Credentials securely.
Our servers are in a secure facility.
Access requires multiple levels of authentication, including biometrics recognition procedures.
Security personnel monitor the system 7 days a week, 24 hours a day.
Our databases are protected from general employee access both physically and logically.
We encrypt your Service password so that your password cannot be recovered, even by us.
All backup drives and tapes also are encrypted.
We enforce physical access controls to our buildings.
No employee may put any sensitive content on any insecure machine (i.e., nothing can be taken from the database and put on an insecure laptop).
Intuit has been verified by Verisign for its use of SSL encryption technologies and audited by TRUSTe for its privacy practices.
In addition, Intuit tests the Site daily for any failure points that would allow hacking.
However, it is important to understand that these precautions apply only to our Site and systems.
We exercise no control over how your information is stored, maintained or displayed by third parties or on third-party sites. Back to Top 13.
Our service ensures secure communications with encryption From the time you submit your Login ID and Password, these communications between your computer and Mint.com are encrypted.
This enables client and server applications to communicate in a way that is designed to prevent eavesdropping, tampering and message forgery. Back to Top 14.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Login ID and Password We maintain strict rules to help prevent others from guessing your password.
We also recommend that you change your password periodically.
Your password must be 6-16 characters in length.
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your Login ID and Password.
You may not provide these credentials to any third party.
If you believe that they have been stolen or been made known to others, you must contact us immediately via our Contact Mint form found on our Help page at https://www.mint.com/help/, but in any event you should change your password immediately via the Service.
We are not responsible if someone else accesses your account through Registration Information they have obtained from you or through a violation by you of this Privacy and Security Policy or the Mint.com Terms of Use.
If you have a security related concern, please contact us via our Contact Mint form found on our Help page at https://www.mint.com/help/. We will work closely with you to ensure a rapid and personal response to your concerns. Back to Top 15.
We post updates on our website whenever there is a change to our Privacy and Security Policy We update this Privacy &amp.
Security Policy periodically.
The date last revised appears at the top of the Policy.
Changes take effect immediately upon posting. Back to Top 16.
Contact us if you have any questions or concerns If you have questions, comments, concerns or feedback regarding this Privacy and Security Policy or any other privacy or security concern, please contact us via our Contact Mint form found on our Help page at https://www.mint.com/help/.
Intuit Inc.
2632 Marine Way, Mountain View, CA, 94043 
  Terms of Use Date Last Revised: July 26, 2012

This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions that apply to your access and use of the Internet Web site located at www.mint.com ("Mint.com"), as owned and operated by Intuit Inc., a Delaware corporation, on behalf of those of its direct or indirect subsidiaries and/or affiliates, (collectively referred to as “Intuit”).
By using Mint.com you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Mint.com’s Privacy and Security Policy, as they may be amended from time to time in the future (see “Modifications” below).

Accepting the Terms
Privacy and your Personal Information
Description of the Service
Account Information from Third Party Sites
Intuit Offers and Third-Party Links
Your Registration Information
Your Use of the Service
Use With Your Mobile Device
Online and Mobile Alerts
Rights You Grant to Us
Intuit’s Intellectual Property Rights
Access and Interference
Rules for Posting
Social Media Sites
Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties
Not a Financial Planner, Broker or Tax Advisor
Alert Disclaimer
Limitations on Intuit’s Liability
Your Indemnification of Intuit
Ending your relationship with Intuit
Modifications
Governing Law and Forum for Disputes
Miscellaneous
Mint Quickview
Apple Requirements

Back to Top1.
Accepting the Terms By using the information, tools,software, features and functionality including content, updates and new releases located on Mint.com (together the “Service”), you agree to be bound by this Agreement, whether you are a “Visitor” (which means that you simply browse the Mint.com website) or you are a “Member” (which means that you have registered with Mint.com).
The term “you” or “User” refers to a Visitor or a Member.
The term “we” refers to Intuit.
If you wish to become a Member, communicate with other Members and make use of the Service, you must read this Agreement and indicate your acceptance during the Registration process.
You may not use the Service and you may not accept this Agreement if you are not of a legal age to form a binding contract with Intuit.
If you accept this Agreement, you represent that you have the capacity to be bound by it or if you are acting on behalf of a company or entity that you have the authority to bind such entity.
Before you continue, you should print or save a local copy of this Agreement for your records. Back to Top2.
Privacy and your Personal Information For information about Intuit’s data protection practices, please read Mint.com Privacy and Security Policy, which is hereby incorporated into this Agreement.
This policy explains how Intuit treats your personal information when you access Mint.com and use the Service.
The policy may be updated from time to time at our discretion.
Changes will be effective upon posting to the site. Back to Top3.
Description of the Service The Service is a personal finance information management service that allows Members to consolidate and track their financial information on Mint.com.
Based on such information, the Service may also present information relating to third party products or services (“Intuit Offers”).
The Service is provided to you by Intuit without charge (it is free) and is meant as an aid to assist you in organizing and managing your finances.
It is not intended to provide legal, tax or financial advice. Back to Top4.
Account Information from Third Party Sites With the Service, Members may direct Intuit to retrieve their own information maintained online by third-party financial institutions with which they have customer relationships, maintain accounts or engage in financial transactions (“Account Information”).
Intuit works with one or more online financial service providers under contract to access this Account Information.
Intuit makes no effort to review the Account Information for any purpose, including but not limited to accuracy, legality or non-infringement.
Intuit is not responsible for the products and services offered by or on third-party sites.

Intuit cannot always foresee or anticipate technical or other difficulties which may result in failure to obtain data or loss of data, personalization settings or other service interruptions.
Intuit cannot assume responsibility for the timeliness, accuracy, deletion, non-delivery or failure to store any user data, communications or personalization settings.
For example, when displayed through the Service, Account Information is only as fresh as the time shown, which reflects when the information is obtained from such sites.
Such information may be more up-to-date when obtained directly from the relevant sites.
You can refresh your Account Information through the Service, in the manner prescribed in the associated instructions. Back to Top5.
Intuit Offers and Third-Party Links Some parts of the Service are supported by sponsored links from advertisers and display Intuit Offers that may be custom matched to you based on information stored in the Service, queries made through the Service or other information.
We will always disclose when a particular Intuit Offer is sponsored.

In connection with Intuit Offers, the Service will provide links to other web sites belonging to Intuit advertisers and other third parties.
Intuit does not endorse, warrant or guarantee the products or services available through the Intuit Offers (or any other third-party products or services advertised on or linked from our site), whether or not sponsored, and Intuit is not an agent or broker or otherwise responsible for the activities or policies of those web sites.
Intuit does not guarantee that the loan, investment, plan or other service terms, rates or rewards offered by any particular advertiser or other third party on Mint.com are actually the terms that may be offered to you if you pursue the offer or that they are the best terms or lowest rates available in the market. Back to Top6.
Your Registration Information You agree and understand that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password which, together with your LoginID e-mail address, allows you to access the Service.
That Login ID and password, together with any mobile number or other contact information you provide form your “Registration Information.”
By providing us with your e-mail address, you agree to receive all required notices electronically, to that e-mail address.
It is your responsibility to update or change that address, as appropriate.
Notices will be provided in HTML (or, if your system does not support HTML, in plain-text) in the text of the e-mail or through a link to the appropriate page on our site, accessible through any standard, commercially available internet browser.
If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your Registration Information, you agree to notify Intuit immediately via our Contact Mint form found on our Help page at - https://www.mint.com/help/. Back to Top7.
Your Use of the Service Your right to access and use Mint.com and the Service is personal to you and is not transferable by you to any other person or entity.
You are only entitled to access and use Mint.com for lawful purposes.
Accurate records enable Intuit to provide the Service to you.
You must provide true, accurate, current and complete information about your accounts maintained at other web sites, as requested in our “add account” setup forms, and you may not misrepresent your Registration Information.
In order for the Service to function effectively, you must also keep your Registration Information up to date and accurate.
If you do not do this, the accuracy and effectiveness of the Service to you will be affected.
Your access and use of Mint.com may be interrupted from time to time for any of several reasons, including, without limitation, the malfunction of equipment, periodic updating, maintenance or repair of Mint.com or other actions that Intuit, in its sole discretion, may elect to take.
From time to time, Intuit may include new and/or updated pre-release features and trial use (“Sneak Preview” features) in the Service for your use and which permit you to provide feedback.
You understand and agree that your use of Sneak Preview features is voluntary and Intuit is not obligated to provide you with any Sneak Preview features.
Furthermore, if you decide to use the Sneak Preview features you agree to abide by any rules or restrictions Intuit may place on them.
You understand that once you use the Sneak Preview features, you may be unable to revert back to the earlier version of the same or similar feature.
Additionally, if such reversion is possible, you may not be able to return or restore data created within the Sneak Preview feature back to the earlier version.
The Sneak Preview features are provided on an “as is” basis and may contain errors or inaccuracies that could cause failures, corruption or loss of data and/or information from any connected device.
You acknowledge and agree that all use of the Sneak Preview features is at your sole risk.
You agree that Intuit may use your feedback, suggestions, or ideas in any way, including in future modifications of the Service, other products or services, advertising or marketing materials.
You grant Intuit a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sublicensable, irrevocable, fully paid-up, royalty free license to use the feedback you provide to Intuit in any way.
Intuit will not sell, publish or share your feedback in a way that could identify you without your explicit permission. Back to Top8.
Use With Your Mobile Device  Use of these Service may be available through a compatible mobile device, Internet and/or network access and may require software.
You agree that you are solely responsible for these requirements, including any applicable changes, updates and fees as well as the terms of your agreement with your mobile device and telecommunications provider.
INTUIT MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, STATUTORY OR IMPLIED AS TO: (i) THE AVAILABILITY OF TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICES FROM YOUR PROVIDER AND ACCESS TO THE SERVICES AT ANY TIME OR FROM ANY LOCATION.
(ii) ANY LOSS, DAMAGE, OR OTHER SECURITY INTRUSION OF THE TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICES.
AND (iii) ANY DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE TO TRANSMIT ANY DATA, COMMUNICATIONS OR SETTINGS CONNECTED WITH THE SERVICES.
 Back to Top9.
Online and Mobile Alerts Intuit may from time to time provide automatic alerts and voluntary account-related alerts.
Automatic alerts may be sent to you following certain changes made online to your Intuit account, such as a change in your Registration Information.
Voluntary account alerts may be turned on by default as part of the Service.
They may then be customized, deactivated or reactivated by you.
These alerts allow you to choose alert messages for your accounts.
Intuit may add new alerts from time to time, or cease to provide certain alerts at any time upon its sole discretion.
Each alert has different options available, and you may be asked to select from among these options upon activation of your alerts service.
Electronic alerts will be sent to the email address you have provided as your primary email address for Mint.com.
If your email address or your mobile device’s email address changes, you are responsible for informing us of that change.
You can also choose to have alerts sent to a mobile device that accepts text messages.
Changes to your email address or mobile number will apply to all of your alerts.
Because alerts are not encrypted, we will never include your passcode.
However, alerts may include your Mint.com Login ID and some information about your accounts.
Depending upon which alerts you select, information such as an account balance or the due date for your credit card payment may be included.
Anyone with access to your email will be able to view the content of these alerts.
At any time you may disable future alerts. Back to Top10.
Rights You Grant to Us By submitting information, data, passwords, usernames, PINs, other log-in information, materials and other content to Intuit through the Service, you are licensing that content to Intuit solely for the purpose of providing the Service.
Intuit may use and store the content, but only to provide the Service to you.
By submitting this content to Intuit, you represent that you are entitled to submit it to Intuit for use for this purpose, without any obligation by Intuit to pay any fees or other limitations.
By using the Service, you expressly authorize Intuit to access your Account Information maintained by identified third parties, on your behalf as your agent.
When you use the “Add Accounts” feature of the Service, you will be directly connected to the website for the third party you have identified.
Intuit will submit information including usernames and passwords that you provide to log you into the site.
You hereby authorize and permit Intuit to use and store information submitted by you to the Service (such as account passwords and user names) to accomplish the foregoing and to configure the Service so that it is compatible with the third party sites for which you submit your information.
For purposes of this Agreement and solely to provide the Account Information to you as part of the Service, you grant Intuit a limited power of attorney, and appoint Intuit as your attorney-in-fact and agent, to access third party sites, retrieve and use your information with the full power and authority to do and perform each thing necessary in connection with such activities, as you could do in person.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WHEN INTUIT IS ACCESSING AND RETRIEVING ACCOUNT INFORMATION FROM THIRD PARTY SITES, INTUIT IS ACTING AS YOUR AGENT, AND NOT AS THE AGENT OF OR ON BEHALF OF THE THIRD PARTY.
You understand and agree that the Service is not sponsored or endorsed by any third parties accessible through the Service. Back to Top11.
Intuit’s Intellectual Property Rights The contents of Mint.com, including its “look and feel” (e.g., text, graphics, images, logos and button icons), photographs, editorial content, notices, software (including html-based computer programs) and other material are protected under both United States and other applicable copyright, trademark and other laws.
The contents of Mint.com belong or are licensed to Intuit or its software or content suppliers.
Intuit grants you the right to view and use Mint.com subject to these terms.
You may download or print a copy of information provided on Mint.com for your personal, internal and non-commercial use only.
Any distribution, reprint or electronic reproduction of any content from Mint.com in whole or in part for any other purpose is expressly prohibited without our prior written consent. Back to Top12.
Access and Interference You agree that you will not:

Use any robot, spider, scraper, deep link or other similar automated data gathering or extraction tools, program, algorithm or methodology to access, acquire, copy or monitor Mint.com or any portion of Mint.com, without Intuit’s express written consent, which may be withheld in Intuit’s sole discretion.

Use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent, or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search Mint.com, other than the search engines and search agents available through the Service and other than generally available third-party web browsers (such as Microsoft Explorer).

Post or transmit any file which contains viruses, worms, Trojan horses or any other contaminating or destructive features, or that otherwise interfere with the proper working of Mint.com or the Service.
or 
Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse-engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of Mint.com or the Service.

Back to Top13.
Rules for Posting As part of the Service, Intuit allows Members to post content on bulletin boards, blogs and at various other publicly available locations on Mint.com.
These forums may be hosted by Intuit or by one of our third party service providers on Intuit’s behalf.
You agree in posting content to follow certain rules.

You are responsible for all content you submit to Mint.com.

By submitting content to us, you represent that you have all necessary rights and hereby grant us a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, modify, display, and perform all or any portion of the content in connection with Mint.com and our business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the site (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels.
You also hereby grant each User a non-exclusive license to access your posted content through Mint.com, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such content as permitted through the functionality of Mint.com and under this Agreement.

You may not post or transmit any message which is libelous or defamatory, or which discloses private or personal matters concerning any person.
You may not post or transmit any message, data, image or program that is indecent, obscene, pornographic, harassing, threatening, abusive, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive.
that encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or violate any law.
or that is otherwise inappropriate.

You may not post or transmit any message, data, image or program that would violate the property rights of others, including unauthorized copyrighted text, images or programs, trade secrets or other confidential proprietary information, and trademarks or service marks used in an infringing fashion.

You may not interfere with other Users’ use of the Service, including, without limitation, disrupting the normal flow of dialogue in an interactive area of Mint.com, deleting or revising any content posted by another person or entity, or taking any action that imposes a disproportionate burden on the Service infrastructure or that negatively affects the availability of the Service to others.

Except where expressly permitted, you may not post or transmit charity requests.
petitions for signatures.
franchises, distributorship, sales representative agency arrangements, or other business opportunities (including offers of employment or contracting arrangements).
club memberships.
chain letters.
or letters relating to pyramid schemes.
You may not post or transmit any advertising, promotional materials or any other solicitation of other users to use goods or services except in those areas (e.g., a classified bulletin board) that are designated for such purpose.

You agree that any employment or other relationship you form or attempt to form with an employer, employee, or contractor whom you contact through areas of Mint.com that may be designated for that purpose is between you and that employer, employee, or contractor alone, and not with us.

You may not copy or use personal identifying or business contact information about other Users without their permission.
Unsolicited e-mails, mailings, telephone calls, or other communications to individuals or companies whose contact details you obtain through the Service are prohibited.

You agree that we may use any feedback, suggestions, or ideas you post in any way, including in future modifications of the Service, other products or services, advertising or marketing materials.
You grant us a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sublicensable, non-revocable, fully paid-up, royalty free license to use the feedback you provide to us in any way.
You acknowledge that Intuit uses our third party service provider, Get Satisfaction, Inc.
("Get Satisfaction") to help us provide, host and operate the "Get Help" area of the Service.
You agree that if you choose to participate in, or post content to, the "Get Help" area of the Service (located at the domain satisfaction.mint.com), such as by posting a new topic, following a topic or replying to an existing topic, then you agree to also comply with Get Satisfaction's Terms of Use and Community Guidelines, in addition to the terms of this Agreement.

Back to Top14.
Social Media Sites  Intuit may provide experiences on social media platforms such as Facebook®, Twitter® and LinkedIn® that enable online sharing and collaboration among users who have registered to use them.
Any content you post, such as pictures, information, opinions, or any Personal Information that you make available to other participants on these social platforms, is subject to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policies of those platforms.
Please refer to those social media platforms to better understand your rights and obligations with regard to such content.
 Back to Top15.
Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties THE CONTENT AND ALL SERVICES AND PRODUCTS ASSOCIATED WITH MINT.COM OR PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE (WHETHER OR NOT SPONSORED) ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.
INTUIT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE CONTENT OR OPERATION OF MINT.COM OR OF THE SERVICE.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
INTUIT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT ON MINT.COM OR OF THE SERVICE (WHETHER OR NOT SPONSORED), AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
INTUIT MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE THAT THE CONTENT THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE IS FREE OF INFECTION FROM ANY VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE OR COMPUTER PROGRAMMING ROUTINES THAT CONTAIN CONTAMINATING OR DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES OR THAT ARE INTENDED TO DAMAGE, SURREPTITOUSLY INTERCEPT OR EXPROPRIATE ANY SYSTEM, DATA OR PERSONAL INFORMATION. Back to Top16.
Not a Financial Planner, Broker or Tax Advisor NEITHER INTUIT NOR THE SERVICE IS INTENDED TO PROVIDE LEGAL, TAX OR FINANCIAL ADVICE.
INTUIT IS NOT A FINANCIAL PLANNER, BROKER OR TAX ADVISOR.
The Service is intended only to assist you in your financial organization and decision-making and is broad in scope.
Your personal financial situation is unique, and any information and advice obtained through the Service may not be appropriate for your situation.
Accordingly, before making any final decisions or implementing any financial strategy, you should consider obtaining additional information and advice from your accountant or other financial advisers who are fully aware of your individual circumstances. Back to Top17.
Alert Disclaimer You understand and agree that any alerts provided to you through the Service may be delayed or prevented by a variety of factors.
Intuit does its best to provide alerts in a timely manner with accurate information.
However, we neither guarantee the delivery nor the accuracy of the content of any alert.
You also agree that Intuit shall not be liable for any delays, failure to deliver, or misdirected delivery of any alert.
for any errors in the content of an alert.
or for any actions taken or not taken by you or any third party in reliance on an alert. Back to Top18.
Limitations on Intuit’s Liability INTUIT SHALL IN NO EVENT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, LIQUIDATED OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF PROFIT, REVENUE OR BUSINESS, ARISING IN WHOLE OR IN PART FROM YOUR ACCESS TO MINT.COM, YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF INTUIT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT, INTUIT’S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO $500.00 (FIVE HUNDRED UNITED STATES DOLLARS). Back to Top19.
Your Indemnification of Intuit You shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Intuit and its officers, directors, shareholders, and employees, from and against all claims and expenses, including but not limited to attorneys fees, in whole or in part arising out of or attributable to any breach of this Agreement by you. Back to Top20.
Ending your relationship with Intuit This Agreement will continue to apply until terminated by either you or Intuit as set out below.
If you want to terminate your legal agreement with Intuit, you may do so by closing your account for the Service.
 Please use the directions below to cancel your account: 

Login to your Mint.com account.
Go to “Your Profile”.
Locate the “delete Mint account” option under “More Options”.
Type in “delete” where prompted.

Enter in the password for your Mint.com account.
Press “Yes”
Your account will be closed and your ability to log in deactivated immediately.
Your Mint.com account data will be removed within 48 hours subject to and as explained in our Privacy Policy.


Intuit may at any time, terminate its legal agreement with you:

if you have breached any provision of this Agreement (or have acted in a manner which clearly shows that you do not intend to, or are unable to comply with the provisions of this Agreement).

if Intuit in its sole discretion believes it is required to do so by law (for example, where the provision of the Service to you is, or becomes, unlawful).
or 
immediately upon notice, to the e-mail address provided by you as part of your Registration Information.


Back to Top21.
Modifications Intuit may modify this Agreement from time to time.
Any and all changes to this Agreement will be posted on the Mint.com site.
In addition, the Agreement will always indicate the date it was last revised.
You are deemed to accept and agree to be bound by any changes to the Agreement when you use the Service after those changes are posted. Back to Top22.
Governing Law and Forum for Disputes This Agreement, and your relationship with Intuit under this Agreement, shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict or choice of laws provisions.
Any dispute with Intuit, or its officers, directors, employees, agents or affiliates, arising under or in relation to this Agreement shall be resolved exclusively through the small-claims court of the Superior Court of California within the county of Santa Clara, California, except with respect to imminent harm requiring temporary or preliminary injunctive relief in which case Intuit may seek such relief in any court with jurisdiction over the parties.
You understand that, in return for agreement to this provision, Intuit is able to offer the Service at the terms designated, without charge to you, and that your assent to this provision is an indispensable consideration to this Agreement.
You also acknowledge and understand that, with respect to any dispute with Intuit, its officers, directors, employees, agents or affiliates, arising out of or relating to your use of the Service or this Agreement:

YOU ARE GIVING UP YOUR RIGHT TO HAVE A TRIAL BY JURY.
and
YOU ARE GIVING UP YOUR RIGHT TO SERVE AS A REPRESENTATIVE, AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR IN ANY OTHER REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY, OR TO PARTICIPATE AS A MEMBER OF A CLASS OF CLAIMANTS, IN ANY LAWSUIT INVOLVING ANY SUCH DISPUTE.


Back to Top23.
Miscellaneous If any portion of this Agreement is deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable by any arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction, this Agreement as a whole shall not be deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable, but only that portion of this Agreement that is unlawful, void or unenforceable shall be stricken from this Agreement.
You agree that if Intuit does not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy which is contained in the Agreement (or which Intuit has the benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of Intuit’s rights and that those rights or remedies will still be available to Intuit.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made in this Agreement shall survive your acceptance of this Agreement and the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement represents the entire understanding and agreement between you and Intuit regarding the subject matter of the same, and supersedes all other previous agreements. Back to Top24.
Mint QuickView 24.1 You can download from the Mac App Store Mint QuickView, a companion app to the Service, and upon payment of the applicable fee Mint QuickView will give you an up-to-date snapshot of your finances by performing the some of the following.

Know when you have a new transaction or account alert.
Quick access to your financial information.
Syncs with the Service on the web and mobile.

24.2 You are responsible for the fee you incur and are charged by a third party (i.e, Apple), which may change from time to time, in connection with your download and use of Mint QuickView.
Intuit has no obligation to refund any payments made to such third party for your use of Mint QuickView as set out in this Agreement. Back to Top25.
Apple Requirements If you downloaded the Service or product from the Mac App Store, the following terms also apply to you:

 Acknowledgement: You acknowledge that this Agreement is between you and Intuit only, and not with Apple, and Intuit, not Apple, is solely responsible for the Software and the content thereof.

 Scope of License: The license granted to you for the Software is a limited, non-transferable license to use the Software on Mac product that you own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the terms of service applicable to the Mac App Store.

 Maintenance and Support: Intuit and not Apple is solely responsible for providing any maintenance and support services, for which additional fees may apply, with respect to the Services.
You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Software.

 Warranty: Intuit is solely responsible for any product warranties, whether express or implied by law, to the extent not effectively disclaimed.
In the event of any failure of the Software to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Software to you.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Software, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be Intuit’s sole responsibility.

 Product Claims: Intuit, not Apple, is responsible for addressing any user or third party claims relating to the Software or the user’s possession and/or use of the Software, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims.
(ii) any claim that the Software fail to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement.
and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.

 Intellectual Property Rights: You acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the Software or your possession and use of the Software infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Intuit, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.

 Legal Compliance: You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a terrorist-supporting country.
and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.

 Developer Contact Info: Direct any questions, complaints or claims to: Intuit Inc, 2632 Marine Way, Mountain View, CA 94043 or https://www.mint.com/help/ 
 Third Party Terms of Agreement: You must comply with any applicable third party terms of agreement when using the Software.

 Third Party Beneficiary: You acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the Agreement against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.


