 
 Member Sign In Start Your Free Month Privacy Statement This Privacy Statement explains our practices, including your choices, regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of certain information, including your personal information, by the Netflix family of companies ("Netflix"). Contacting Us If you have general questions about your account or how to contact Customer Service for assistance, please visit our online help center at https://help.netflix.com.
For questions specifically about this Privacy Statement, or our use of your personal information, cookies or similar technologies, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office by email at privacy@netflix.com.
The data controller of your personal information is Netflix, Inc.
Please note that if you contact us to assist you, for your safety and ours we may need to authenticate your identity before fulfilling your request. Collection of Information We receive and store information about you such as:


Information you provide to us: We collect information you provide to us which includes: 
your name, email address, address or postal code, payment method(s), and telephone number.
In certain countries, we collect a government identification number for purposes such as billing and tax compliance.
We collect this information in a number of ways, including when you enter it while using our service, interact with our Customer Service, or participate in surveys or marketing promotions;
information when you choose to provide reviews or ratings, taste preferences, account settings, (including preferences set in the "Account" section of our website), or otherwise provide information to us through our service or elsewhere.



Information we collect automatically: We collect information about you and your use of our service, your interactions with us and our advertising, as well as information regarding your computer or other device used to access our service (such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, and set top boxes).
This information includes: 
your activity on the Netflix service, such as title selections, watch history and search queries;
your interactions with our email, push and text messaging;
details of your interactions with Customer Service, such as the date, time and reason for contacting us, transcripts of any chat conversations, and if you call us, your phone number and call recordings;
device IDs or other unique identifiers;
advertising identifiers, such as those on mobile devices, tablets, and streaming media devices that include such identifiers (see the "Cookies and Internet Advertising" section below for more information);
device and software characteristics (such as type and configuration), connection information, statistics on page views, referring source (for example, referral URLs), IP address (which may tell us your general location), browser and standard web server log information;
information collected via the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies, including ad data (such as information on the availability and delivery of ads, the site URL, as well as the date and time).
(See our "Cookies and Internet Advertising" section for more details.)



Information from other sources: We also obtain information from other sources.
We protect this information according to the practices described in this Privacy Statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data.
These sources vary over time, but could include: 
service providers that help us determine a location based on your IP address in order to customize our service and for other uses consistent with this Privacy Statement;
select partners that make our service available on their device or with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities;
payment service providers who provide us with updated payment method information based on their relationship with you;
online and offline data providers, from which we obtain demographic, interest based and online advertising related data;
publicly-available sources such as open government databases.


 Use of Information We use information to provide, analyze, administer, enhance and personalize our services and marketing efforts, to process your registration, your orders and your payments, and to communicate with you on these and other topics.
For example, we use information to:

determine your general geographic location, provide localized content, provide you with customized and personalized viewing recommendations for movies and TV shows we think will be of interest to you, determine your Internet service provider, and help us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests;
prevent, detect and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, including fraud, and enforcing our terms (such as determining free trial eligibility);
analyze and understand our audience, improve our service (including our user interface experiences) and optimize content selection, recommendation algorithms and delivery;
communicate with you concerning our service (for example by email, push notifications text messaging, and online messaging channels), so that we can send you news about Netflix, details about new features and content available on Netflix, and special offers, promotional announcements, and consumer surveys, and to assist you with operational requests such as password reset requests.
Please see the "Your Choices" section of this Privacy Statement to learn how to set or change your communications preferences.
 Disclosure of Information We disclose your information for certain purposes and to third parties, as described below:


The Netflix family of companies: We share your information among the Netflix family of companies (https://help.netflix.com/support/2101) as needed for: data processing and storage.
providing you with access to our services.
providing customer support.
making decisions about service improvements.
content development.
and for other purposes described in the Use of Information section of this Privacy Statement.

Service Providers: We use other companies, agents or contractors ("Service Providers") to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with the provision of services to you.
For example, we engage Service Providers to provide marketing, advertising, communications, infrastructure and IT services, to personalize and optimize our service, to process credit card transactions or other payment methods, to provide customer service, to collect debts, to analyze and enhance data (including data about users' interactions with our service), and to process and administer consumer surveys.
In the course of providing such services, these Service Providers may have access to your personal or other information.
We do not authorize them to use or disclose your personal information except in connection with providing their services.

Promotional offers: We may offer joint promotions or programs that, in order for your participation, will require us to share your information with third parties.
In fulfilling these types of promotions, we may share your name and other information in connection with fulfilling the incentive.
Please note that these third parties are responsible for their own privacy practices.

Protection of Netflix and others: Netflix and its Service Providers may disclose and otherwise use your personal and other information where we or they reasonably believe such disclosure is needed to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, (b) enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities (including payment fraud), security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Netflix, its users or the public, as required or permitted by law.

Business transfers: In connection with any reorganization, restructuring, merger or sale, or other transfer of assets, we will transfer information, including personal information, provided that the receiving party agrees to respect your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Statement.

Whenever in the course of sharing information we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area and other regions with comprehensive data protection laws, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Statement and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection.
You may also choose to disclose your information in the following ways:

while using the Netflix service you will have opportunities to post reviews or other information publicly, and third parties could use the information you disclose;
certain portions of our service may contain a tool which gives you the option to share information by email, text message and social or other sharing applications, using the clients and applications on your smart device;
social plugins and similar technologies allow you to share information.

Social plugins and social applications are operated by the social networks themselves, and are subject to their terms of use and privacy policies. Access to Account and Profiles For ease of access to your account, you can use the "Remember me on this device" function when you log in to the website.
This function uses technology that enables us to provide direct account access and to help administer the Netflix service without requiring reentry of any password or other user identification when your browser revisits the service.
To remove access to your Netflix account from your devices: (a) visit the "Account" section of our website, choose "Sign out of all devices," and follow the instructions to deactivate your devices (note, deactivation may not occur immediately) or (b) delete your Netflix settings from your device (steps vary by device and the option is not available on all devices).
Where possible, users of public or shared devices should log out at the completion of each visit.
If you sell or return a computer or Netflix ready device, you should log out and deactivate the device before doing so.
If you do not maintain the security of your password or device, or fail to log out or deactivate your device, subsequent users may be able to access your account, including your personal information.
If you share or otherwise allow others to have access to your account, they will be able to see your information (including in some cases personal information) such as your watch history, ratings, reviews and account information (including your email address or other information in the "Account" area of our website).
This remains true even if you use our profiles feature.
Profiles allow users to have a distinct, personalized Netflix experience, built around the movies and shows of interest to them, as well as separate watch histories.
Please note that profiles are available to everyone who uses your Netflix account, so that anyone with access to your Netflix account can navigate to and use, edit or delete profiles.
You should explain this to others with access to your account, and if you do not wish them to use or change your profile, be sure to let them know. Your Choices 
Email and Text Messages. If you no longer want to receive certain communications from us via email or text message, simply access the "Communications Settings" option in the "Account" section of our website and uncheck those items to unsubscribe.
Alternatively, click the "unsubscribe" link in the email or reply STOP (or as otherwise instructed) to the text message.
Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from service-related correspondence from us, such as messages relating to your account transactions.

Push Notifications. You can choose to receive mobile push notifications from Netflix.
If you subsequently decide you no longer wish to receive these notifications, you can use your mobile device's settings functionality to turn them off.

Interest-Based Ads. Interest-based ads are online ads that are tailored to your likely interests based on your use of various apps and websites across the Internet.
If you are using a browser, then cookies and web beacons can be used to collect information to help determine your likely interests.
If you are using a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media device that includes an advertising identifier, then that identifier can be used to help determine your likely interests.
For your choices about interest-based ads from Netflix, please see the "Cookies and Internet Advertising" section (below). Your Information and Rights You can request access to your personal information, or correct or update out-of-date or inaccurate personal information we hold about you.
You can most easily do this by visiting the "Account" portion of our website, where you have the ability to access and update a broad range of information about your account, including your contact information, your Netflix payment information, and various related information about your account (such as the content you have viewed and rated, and your reviews).
You must be signed in to access the "Account" section.
You may also request that we delete personal information that we hold about you.
To make requests, or if you have any other question regarding our privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office at privacy@netflix.com.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Please also see the "Your Choices" section of this Privacy Statement for additional choices regarding your information.
We may reject requests that are unreasonable or not required by law, including those that would be extremely impractical, could require disproportionate technical effort, or could expose us to operational risks such as free trial fraud.
We may retain information as required or permitted by applicable laws and regulations, including to honor your choices, for our billing or records purposes and to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
We take reasonable measures to destroy or de-identify personal information in a secure manner when it is no longer required. Security We use reasonable administrative, logical, physical and managerial measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and unauthorized access, use and modification.
These measures are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risks of processing your personal information.
Unfortunately, no measures can be guaranteed to provide 100% security.
Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. Other Websites, Platforms and Applications The Netflix service may be provided through and/or utilize features (such as voice controls) operated by third party platforms, or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ from ours.
For example, you may be able to access the Netflix service through platforms such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, set top boxes and a number of other Internet connected devices.
These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy or data policies, privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully.
In addition, you may encounter third party applications that interact with the Netflix service. Children You must be 18 years of age or older to subscribe to the Netflix service.
In certain jurisdictions, the age of majority may be older than 18, in which case, you must satisfy that age in order to become a member.
While individuals under the age of 18 may utilize the service, they may do so only with the involvement, supervision, and approval of a parent or legal guardian. Changes to This Privacy Statement We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements.
We will provide notice of any such changes (including when they will take effect) in accordance with law.
Your continued use of the Netflix service after any such updates take effect will constitute acknowledgement and (as applicable) acceptance of those changes.
If you do not wish to acknowledge or accept any updates to this Privacy Statement, you may cancel your use of the Netflix service.
To see when this Privacy Statement was last updated, please see the "Last Updated" section below. Cookies and Internet Advertising We and our Service Providers use cookies and other technologies (such as web beacons), as well as advertising identifiers, for various reasons.
For example, we use these technologies to make it easy to access our services by remembering you when you return, to provide and analyze our services.
We also use cookies, as well as advertising identifiers, to learn more about our users and their likely interests, and to deliver and tailor marketing or advertising.
We want you to be informed about our use of these technologies, so this section explains the types of technologies we use, what they do and your choices regarding their use.


What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are commonly stored on your device when you browse and use websites and online services.
They are widely used to make websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information and assist with service or advertising personalization.
Cookies are not the only types of technology that enable this functionality.
we also use other, similar types of technologies.
See below for more information and examples.


What are advertising identifiers?
Advertising identifiers are similar to cookies and are found on many mobile devices and tablets (for example, the "Identifier for Advertisers" (or IDFA) on Apple iOS devices and the "Google Advertising ID" on Android devices), and certain streaming media devices.
Like cookies, advertising identifiers are used to make online advertising more relevant.


Why does Netflix use cookies and advertising identifiers?


Essential cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide our website or online service.
For example, we and our Service Providers may use these cookies to authenticate and identify our members when they use our websites and applications so we can provide our service to them.
They also help us to enforce our Terms of Use, prevent fraud and maintain the security of our service.

Performance and functionality cookies: These cookies are not essential, but help us to personalize and enhance your online experience with Netflix.
For example, they help us to remember your preferences and prevent you from needing to re-enter information you previously provided (for example, during member sign up).
We also use these cookies to collect information (such as popular pages, conversion rates, viewing patterns, click-through and other information) about our visitors' use of the Netflix service so that we can enhance and personalize our website and service and conduct market research.
Deletion of these types of cookies may result in limited functionality of our service.

Advertising cookies and advertising identifiers: These cookies and advertising identifiers use information about your use of this and other websites and apps, your response to ads and emails, and to deliver ads that are more relevant to you.
These types of ads are called "interest-based advertising." Many of the advertising cookies associated with our service belong to our Service Providers.



How can I exercise choice regarding cookies and advertising identifiers?
For more information about cookies set through our website, as well as other types of online tracking (including the collection of information by third parties about your online activities over time and across third-party Web sites or online services for online interest based advertising), and to exercise choices regarding them, click here.
To opt out of interest-based ads from Netflix in connection with an advertising identifier on a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media devices, please configure the appropriate setting on your device (usually found under "privacy" or "ads" in your device's settings).
You may still see Netflix ads on your device, but they will not be tailored to your likely interests.
Netflix supports the following self-regulatory programs, which provide additional privacy choices for interest-based advertising:

In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC) / Choix de Pub: l'Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC)

At this time, we do not respond to Web browser "do not track" signals.


How Does Netflix use Web Beacons and other Technologies?
Web beacons (also known as clear gifs or pixel tags) often work in conjunction with cookies.
We and our Service Providers may use them for similar purposes as cookies, such as to understand and enhance the use of our service, improve site performance, monitor visitor traffic and actions on our site, and understand interactions with our marketing (including email and online ads on third party sites).
Because web beacons often work in conjunction with cookies, in many cases, declining cookies will impair the effectiveness of web beacons associated with those cookies.
We use other technologies that are similar to cookies, such as browser storage and plugins (e.g., HTML5, IndexedDB, and WebSQL).
Like cookies, some of these technologies may store small amounts of data on your device.
We may use these and various other technologies for similar purposes as cookies, such as to enforce our terms, prevent fraud, and analyze the use of our service.
There are a number of ways to exercise choice regarding these technologies.
For example, many popular browsers provide the ability to clear browser storage, commonly in the settings or preferences area.
see your browser's help function or support area to learn more.
Other technologies, such as Silverlight storage, may be cleared from within the application.



Last updated: 11 May 2018
To see the prior version of this document, please go to www.netflix.com/privacyupdates. English Español 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Preferences 
 Corporate Information 
   
 Member Sign In Start Your Free Month Netflix Terms of Use Netflix provides a personalized subscription service that allows our members to access movies and TV shows ("Netflix content") streamed over the Internet to certain Internet-connected TV's, computers and other devices ("Netflix ready devices").
You have accepted these Terms of Use, which govern your use of our service.
Personally identifying information is subject to our Privacy Statement, the terms of which are incorporated herein.
Please review our Privacy Statement to understand our practices.
As used in these Terms of Use, "Netflix service", "our service" or "the service" means the personalized service provided by Netflix for discovering and watching Netflix content, including all features and functionalities, recommendations and reviews, the website, and user interfaces, as well as all content and software associated with our service.
YOU AGREE TO THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER DESCRIBED IN SECTION 7 TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTES WITH NETFLIX (EXCEPT FOR MATTERS THAT MAY BE TAKEN TO SMALL CLAIMS COURT).


Membership

1.1.
Your Netflix membership will continue month-to-month and automatically renew until terminated.
To use the Netflix service you must have Internet access and a Netflix ready device and provide us with one or more Payment Methods.
"Payment Method" means a current, valid, accepted method of payment, as may be updated from time to time and which may include payment through your account with a third party.
You must cancel your membership before it renews each month in order to avoid billing of the next month's membership fees to your Payment Method (see "Cancellation" below).
1.2.
We may offer a number of membership plans, including special promotional plans or memberships offered by third parties in conjunction with the provision of their own products and services.
We are not responsible for the products and services provided by such third parties.
Some membership plans may have differing conditions and limitations, which will be disclosed at your sign-up or in other communications made available to you.
You can find specific details regarding your Netflix membership by visiting our website and clicking on the "Account" link.



Free Trials

2.1.
Your Netflix membership may start with a free trial.
The free trial period of your membership lasts for one month, or as otherwise specified during sign-up and is intended to allow new and certain former members to try the service.
2.2.
Free trial eligibility is determined by Netflix at its sole discretion and we may limit eligibility or duration to prevent free trial abuse.
We reserve the right to revoke the free trial and put your account on hold in the event that we determine that you are not eligible.
Members of households with an existing or recent Netflix membership are not eligible.
We may use information such as device ID, method of payment or an account email address used with an existing or recent Netflix membership to determine eligibility.
For combinations with other offers, restrictions may apply.
2.3.
We will charge your Payment Method for your monthly membership fee at the end of the free trial period and your membership will automatically renew monthly unless you cancel your membership prior to the end of the free trial period.
To view the monthly membership price and end date of your free trial period, visit our website and click the "Billing details" link on the "Account" page.



Billing and Cancellation

3.1.
Billing Cycle.
The membership fee for the Netflix service any other charges you may incur in connection with your use of the service, such as taxes and possible transaction fees, will be charged on a monthly basis to your Payment Method on the calendar day corresponding to the commencement of the paying portion of your membership until your membership is cancelled.
Membership fees are fully earned upon payment.
In some cases your payment date may change, for example if your Payment Method has not successfully settled or if your paid membership began on a day not contained in a given month.
Visit our website and click on the "Billing details" link on the "Account" page to see your next payment date.
We may authorize your Payment Method in anticipation of membership or service-related charges through various methods, including authorizing it up to approximately one month of service as soon as you register.
In some instances, your available balance or credit limit may be reduced to reflect the authorization during your free trial period.
3.2.
Payment Methods.
To use the Netflix service you must provide one or more Payment Methods.
You can update your Payment Methods by going to the "Account" page.
We may also update your Payment Methods using information provided by the payment service providers.
Following any update, you authorize us to continue to charge the applicable Payment Method(s).
You authorize us to charge any Payment Method associated to your account in case your primary Payment Method is declined or no longer available to us for payment of your subscription fee.
You remain responsible for any uncollected amounts.
If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have successfully charged a valid Payment Method.
For some Payment Methods, the issuer may charge you certain fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees relating to the processing of your Payment Method.
Check with your Payment Method service provider for details.
3.3.
Cancellation.
You can cancel your Netflix membership at any time, and you will continue to have access to the Netflix service through the end of your monthly billing period.
We do not provide refunds or credits for any partial-month membership periods or unwatched Netflix content.
To cancel, go to the "Account" page on our website and follow the instructions for cancellation.
If you cancel your membership, your account will automatically close at the end of your current billing period.
To see when your account will close, click "Billing details" on the "Account" page.
If you signed up for Netflix using your account with a third party as a Payment Method and wish to cancel your Netflix membership, you may need to do so through that third party, for example by visiting your account with the applicable third party and turning off auto-renew, or unsubscribing from the Netflix service through that third party.
You may also find billing information about your Netflix membership by visiting your account with the applicable third party.
3.4.
Changes to the Price and Subscription Plans.
We reserve the right to change our subscription plans or adjust pricing for our service or any components thereof in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our sole and absolute discretion.
Except as otherwise expressly provided for in these Terms of Use, any price changes or changes to your subscription plan will take effect following notice to you.
3.5.
No Refunds.
Payments are nonrefundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods.
Following any cancellation, however, you will continue to have access to the service through the end of your current billing period.
At any time, and for any reason, we may provide a refund, discount, or other consideration to some or all of our members ("credits").
The amount and form of such credits, and the decision to provide them, are at our sole and absolute discretion.
The provision of credits in one instance does not entitle you to credits in the future for similar instances, nor does it obligate us to provide credits in the future, under any circumstance.



Netflix Service

4.1.
You must be 18 years of age, or the age of majority in your province, territory or country, to become a member of the Netflix service.
Individuals under the age of 18, or applicable age of majority, may utilize the service only with the involvement of a parent or legal guardian, under such person's account and otherwise subject to these Terms of Use.
4.2.
The Netflix service and any content viewed through our service are for your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with individuals beyond your household.
During your Netflix membership, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access the Netflix service and view Netflix content through the service.
Except for the foregoing, no right, title or interest shall be transferred to you.
You agree not to use the service for public performances.
4.3.
You may view Netflix content primarily within the country in which you have established your account and only in geographic locations where we offer our service and have licensed such content.
The content that may be available to watch will vary by geographic location and will change from time to time.
The number of devices on which you may simultaneously watch depends on your chosen subscription plan and is specified on the "Account" page.
4.4.
The Netflix service, including the content library, is regularly updated.
In addition, we continually test various aspects of our service, including but not limited to our website, user interfaces, promotional features and availability of Netflix content.
You can at any time opt-out of tests by visiting the "Account" page and changing the "Test participation" settings.
4.5.
Some Netflix content is available for temporary download and offline viewing on certain supported devices ("Offline Titles").
Limitations apply, including restrictions on the number of Offline Titles per account, the maximum number of devices that can contain Offline Titles, the time period within which you will need to begin viewing Offline Titles and how long the Offline Titles will remain accessible.
Some Offline Titles may not be playable in certain countries and if you go online in a country where you would not be able to stream that Offline Title, the Offline Title will not be playable while you are in that country.
4.6.
You agree to use the Netflix service, including all features and functionalities associated therewith, in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, or other restrictions on use of the service or content therein.
Except as explicitly authorized in these Terms of Use, you agree not to archive, download, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, perform, publish, license, create derivative works from, offer for sale, or use content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Netflix service.
You also agree not to circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade or thwart any of the content protections in the Netflix service.
use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Netflix service.
decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble any software or other products or processes accessible through the Netflix service.
insert any code or product or manipulate the content of the Netflix service in any way.
or use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method.
In addition, you agree not to upload, post, e-mail or otherwise send or transmit any material designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with the Netflix service, including any software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs.
We may terminate or restrict your use of our service if you violate these Terms of Use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the service.
4.7.
The quality of the display of the Netflix content may vary from device to device, and may be affected by a variety of factors, such as your location, the bandwidth available through and/or speed of your Internet connection.
HD, Ultra HD and HDR availability is subject to your Internet service and device capabilities.
Not all content is available in all formats, such as HD, Ultra HD or HDR and not all plans allow you to receive content in all formats.
Default playback settings on cellular networks exclude HD, Ultra HD and HDR content.
The minimum connection speed for SD quality is 0.5 Mbps.
however, we recommend a faster connection for improved video quality.
A download speed of at least 5.0 Mbps per stream is recommended to receive HD content (defined as a resolution of 720p or higher).
A download speed of at least 25.0 Mbps per stream is recommended to receive Ultra HD (defined as a resolution of 1080p or higher) and HDR content.
You are responsible for all Internet access charges.
Please check with your Internet provider for information on possible Internet data usage charges.
Netflix makes no representations or warranties about the quality of your watching experience on your display.
The time it takes to begin watching Netflix content show will vary based on a number of factors, including your location, available bandwidth at the time, the Netflix content you have selected and the configuration of your Netflix ready device.
4.8.
Netflix software may solely be used for authorized streaming and viewing of content from Netflix through Netflix ready devices.
This software may vary by device and medium, and functionalities may also differ between devices.
By using our service, you agree to receive, without further notice or prompting, updated versions of the Netflix and related third-party software.
If you do not accept the foregoing terms, do not use our service.
4.9.
By using our service, you agree to look solely to the entity that manufactured and/or sold you the Netflix ready device for any issues related to the device and its compatibility with the Netflix service.
We do not take responsibility or otherwise warrant the performance of Netflix ready devices, including the continued compatibility with our service.
If your Netflix ready device is sold, lost or stolen, please deactivate the Netflix ready device.
If you fail to log out or deactivate your device, subsequent users may access the Netflix service through your account and may be able to access certain of your account information.
To deactivate a device, follow instructions on the "Account" page of our website.



Passwords and Account Access.
The member who created the Netflix account and whose Payment Method is charged (the "Account Owner") has access and control over the Netflix account and the Netflix ready devices that are used to access our service and is responsible for any activity that occurs through the Netflix account.
To maintain control over the account and prevent anyone from accessing the account (which could include information on viewing history for the account), the Account Owner should maintain control over the Netflix ready devices that are used to access the service and not reveal the password or details of the Payment Method associated to the account to anyone.
You are responsible for updating and maintaining the accuracy of the information you provide to us relating to your account.
We can terminate your account or place your account on hold in order to protect you, Netflix or our partners from identity theft or other fraudulent activity.
Netflix is not obligated to credit or discount a membership for holds placed on the account by either a representative of Netflix or by the automated processes of Netflix.

Disclaimers of Warranties and Limitations on Liability

6.1.
THE NETFLIX SERVICE AND ALL CONTENT AND SOFTWARE ASSOCIATED THEREWITH, OR ANY OTHER FEATURES OR FUNCTIONALITIES ASSOCIATED WITH THE NETFLIX SERVICE, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
NETFLIX DOES NOT GUARANTEE, REPRESENT, OR WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THE NETFLIX SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
NETFLIX SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR THE USE OF APPLICATIONS, NETFLIX READY DEVICES, AND NETFLIX SOFTWARE (INCLUDING THEIR CONTINUING COMPATIBILITY WITH OUR SERVICE).
6.2.
TO THE EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, IN NO EVENT SHALL NETFLIX, OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES OR ANY OF THEIR SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE (JOINTLY OR SEVERALLY) TO YOU FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER.
6.3.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES.
THEREFORE, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
6.4.
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL AFFECT ANY NON-WAIVABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS THAT APPLY TO YOU.



Arbitration Agreement

7.1.
If you are a Netflix member in the United States (including its possessions and territories), you and Netflix agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the Netflix service, these Terms of Use and this Arbitration Agreement, shall be determined by binding arbitration or in small claims court.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award and nothing in this Arbitration Agreement shall be interpreted as limiting any non-waivable statutory rights.
You agree that, by agreeing to these Terms of Use, the U.S.
Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision, and that you and Netflix are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action.
This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement and the termination of your Netflix membership.
7.2.
If you elect to seek arbitration or file a small claim court action, you must first send to Netflix, by certified mail, a written Notice of your claim ("Notice").
The Notice to Netflix must be addressed to: General Counsel, Netflix, Inc., 100 Winchester Circle, Los Gatos, CA 95032-1815 ("Notice Address").
If Netflix initiates arbitration, it will send a written Notice to the email address used for your membership account.
A Notice, whether sent by you or by Netflix, must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute.
and (b) set forth the specific relief sought ("Demand").
If Netflix and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or Netflix may commence an arbitration proceeding or file a claim in small claims court.
7.3.
You may download or copy a form Notice and a form to initiate arbitration at www.adr.org.
If you are required to pay a filing fee, after Netflix receives notice at the Notice Address that you have commenced arbitration, Netflix will reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for greater than US$10,000, in which event you will be responsible for filing fees.
7.4.
The arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules (the "AAA Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), as modified by this Agreement, and will be administered by the AAA.
The AAA Rules and Forms are available online at www.adr.org, by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879, or by writing to the Notice Address.
The arbitrator is bound by the terms of this Agreement.
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including issues relating to the scope and enforceability of this arbitration agreement.
Unless Netflix and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your residence.
The arbitrator's award shall be final and binding on all parties, except (1) for judicial review expressly permitted by law or (2) if the arbitrator's award includes an award of injunctive relief against a party, in which case that party shall have the right to seek judicial review of the injunctive relief in a court of competent jurisdiction that shall not be bound by the arbitrator's application or conclusions of law.
7.5.
If your claim is for US$10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules.
If your claim exceeds US$10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules.
Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision explaining the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
If the arbitrator issues you an award that is greater than the value of Netflix's last written settlement offer made before an arbitrator was selected (or if Netflix did not make a settlement offer before an arbitrator was selected), then Netflix will pay you the amount of the award or US$5,000, whichever is greater.
Except as expressly set forth herein, the payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules.
7.6.
YOU AND NETFLIX AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and Netflix agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims with your claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void.



DVD Plans.
If you are a Netflix member on a DVD plan, the DVD Terms and Conditions also apply to your use of the Netflix service.

Miscellaneous

9.1.
Governing Law.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware, U.S.A.
without regard to conflict of laws provisions.
These terms will not limit any consumer protection rights that you may be entitled to under the mandatory laws of your state of residence.
9.2.
Unsolicited Materials.
Netflix does not accept unsolicited materials or ideas for Netflix content, and is not responsible for the similarity of any of its content or programming in any media to materials or ideas transmitted to Netflix.
Should you send any unsolicited materials or ideas, you do so with the understanding that no additional consideration of any sort will be provided to you, and you are waiving any claim against Netflix and its affiliates regarding the use of such materials and ideas, even if material or an idea is used that is substantially similar to the material or idea you sent.
9.3.
Feedback.
Netflix is free to use any comments, information, ideas, concepts, reviews, or techniques or any other material contained in any communication you may send to us ("Feedback"), including responses to questionnaires or through postings to the Netflix service, including the Netflix website and user interfaces, worldwide and in perpetuity without further compensation, acknowledgement or payment to you for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and creating, modifying or improving the Netflix service.
In addition, you agree not to enforce any "moral rights" in and to the Feedback, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
9.4.
Customer Support.
To find more information about our service and its features, or if you need assistance with your account, please visit the Netflix Help Center on our website.
In certain instances, Customer Service may best be able to assist you by using a remote access support tool through which we have full access to your computer.
If you do not want us to have this access, you should not consent to support through the remote access tool, and we will assist you through other means.
In the event of any conflict between these Terms of Use and information provided by Customer Service or other portions of our website, these Terms of Use will control.
9.5.
Survival.
If any provision or provisions of these Terms of Use shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
9.6.
Changes to Terms of Use and Assignment.
Netflix may, from time to time, change these Terms of Use.
Such revisions shall be effective immediately.
provided however, for existing members, such revisions shall, unless otherwise stated, be effective 30 days after posting.
We may assign our agreement with you to any affiliated company or to any entity that succeeds to all or substantially all of our business or assets related to the applicable Netflix service.
9.7.
Communication Preferences.
We will send you information relating to your account (e.g.
payment authorizations, invoices, changes in password or Payment Method, confirmation messages, notices) in electronic form only, for example via emails to your email address provided during registration.
You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.




Last updated: 11 May 2018 English Español 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Preferences 
 Corporate Information 
 