 User Agreement Privacy Policy Content Policy Broadcasting Content Policy Moderator Guidelines Transparency Report 2017 Transparency Report 2018 Guidelines for Law Enforcement Transparency Report 2019 Content Policy Reddit Content Policy Reddit is a vast network of communities that are created, run, and populated by you, the Reddit users.
Through these communities, you can post, comment, vote, discuss, learn, debate, support, and connect with people who share your interests, and we encourage you to find—or even create—your home on Reddit.
While not every community may be for you (and you may find some unrelatable or even offensive), no community should be used as a weapon.
Communities should create a sense of belonging for their members, not try to diminish it for others.
Likewise, everyone on Reddit should have an expectation of privacy and safety, so please respect the privacy and safety of others.
Every community on Reddit is defined by its users.
Some of these users help manage the community as moderators.
The culture of each community is shaped explicitly, by the community rules enforced by moderators, and implicitly, by the upvotes, downvotes, and discussions of its community members.
Please abide by the rules of communities in which you participate and do not interfere with those in which you are not a member.
Below the rules governing each community are the platform-wide rules that apply to everyone on Reddit.
These rules are enforced by us, the admins.
Reddit and its communities are only what we make of them together, and can only exist if we operate by a shared set of rules.
We ask that you abide by not just the letter of these rules, but the spirit as well.
Rules
Rule 1
Remember the human.
Reddit is a place for creating community and belonging, not for attacking marginalized or vulnerable groups of people.
Everyone has a right to use Reddit free of harassment, bullying, and threats of violence.
Communities and users that incite violence or that promote hate based on identity or vulnerability will be banned.
Rule 2
Abide by community rules.
Post authentic content into communities where you have a personal interest, and do not cheat or engage in content manipulation (including spamming, vote manipulation, ban evasion, or subscriber fraud) or otherwise interfere with or disrupt Reddit communities.
Rule 3
Respect the privacy of others.
Instigating harassment, for example by revealing someone’s personal or confidential information, is not allowed.
Never post or threaten to post intimate or sexually-explicit media of someone without their consent.
Rule 4
Do not post or encourage the posting of sexual or suggestive content involving minors.
Rule 5
You don’t have to use your real name to use Reddit, but don’t impersonate an individual or an entity in a misleading or deceptive manner.
Rule 6
Ensure people have predictable experiences on Reddit by properly labeling content and communities, particularly content that is graphic, sexually-explicit, or offensive.
Rule 7
Keep it legal, and avoid posting illegal content or soliciting or facilitating illegal or prohibited transactions.
Rule 8
Don’t break the site or do anything that interferes with normal use of Reddit.
Enforcement
We have a variety of ways of enforcing our rules, including, but not limited to

Asking you nicely to knock it off
Asking you less nicely
Temporary or permanent suspension of accounts
Removal of privileges from, or adding restrictions to, accounts
Adding restrictions to Reddit communities, such as adding NSFW tags or Quarantining
Removal of content
Banning of Reddit communities
   User Agreement Privacy Policy Content Policy Moderator Guidelines Transparency Report User Agreement Reddit User Agreement Effective September 24, 2018.

Reddit powers hundreds of thousands of distinct online communities.

This User Agreement and your conduct make that possible.

Hello, redditors and people of the Internet! This Reddit User Agreement ("Terms") applies to your access to and use of the websites, mobile apps, widgets, and other online products and services (collectively, the "Services") provided by Reddit, Inc.
("Reddit," "we," or "us").

Remember Reddit is for fun and is intended to be a place for your entertainment, but we still need some basic rules.
By accessing or using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms.
If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not access or use our Services.

Please take a look at Reddit’s Privacy Policy too—it explains how we collect, use, and share information about you when you access or use our Services.
1.
Your Access to the Services
Children under the age of 13 are not allowed to create an account or otherwise use the Services.
Additionally, if you are in the European Economic Area, you must be over the age required by the laws of your country to create an account or otherwise use the Services, or we need to have received verifiable consent from your parent or legal guardian.
In addition, certain of our Services or portions of our Services require you to be older than 13 years of age, so please read all notices and any Additional Terms carefully when you access the Services.

If you are accepting these Terms on behalf of another legal entity, including a business or a government, you represent that you have full legal authority to bind such entity to these terms.
2.
Your Use of the Services
Reddit grants you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to use and access the Services solely as permitted by these Terms.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you by these Terms.
Except as permitted through the Services or as otherwise permitted by us in writing, your license does not include the right to:


license, sell, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Services or Content.



modify, prepare derivative works of, disassemble, decompile, or reverse engineer any part of the Services or Content.
or


access the Services or Content in order to build a similar or competitive website, product, or service, except as permitted under the Reddit API Terms of Use.

We reserve the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Services (in whole or in part) at any time, with or without notice to you.
Any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Services will be subject to these Terms, which may be updated from time to time.
You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services or any part thereof.
3.
Your Reddit Account and Account Security
To use certain features of our Services, you may be required to create a Reddit account (an "Account") and provide us with a username, password, and certain other information about yourself as set forth in the Privacy Policy.

You are solely responsible for the information associated with Your Account and anything that happens related to Your Account.
You must maintain the security of your Account and promptly notify Reddit if you discover or suspect that someone has accessed your Account without your permission.
We recommend that you use a strong password that is used only with the Services.

You will not license, sell, or transfer your Account without our prior written approval.

4.
Your Content
The Services may contain information, text, links, graphics, photos, videos, or other materials (“Content”), including Content created with or submitted to the Services by you or through your Account (“Your Content”).
We take no responsibility for and we do not expressly or implicitly endorse any of Your Content.
By submitting Your Content to the Services, you represent and warrant that you have all rights, power, and authority necessary to grant the rights to Your Content contained within these Terms.
Because you alone are responsible for Your Content, you may expose yourself to liability if you post or share Content without all necessary rights.
You retain any ownership rights you have in Your Content, but you grant Reddit the following license to use that Content:
When Your Content is created with or submitted to the Services, you grant us a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, transferable, and sublicensable license to use, copy, modify, adapt, prepare derivative works from, distribute, perform, and display Your Content and any name, username, voice, or likeness provided in connection with Your Content in all media formats and channels now known or later developed.
This license includes the right for us to make Your Content available for syndication, broadcast, distribution, or publication by other companies, organizations, or individuals who partner with Reddit.
You also agree that we may remove metadata associated with Your Content, and you irrevocably waive any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to Your Content.

Any ideas, suggestions, and feedback about Reddit or our Services that you provide to us are entirely voluntary, and you agree that Reddit may use such ideas, suggestions, and feedback without compensation or obligation to you.
Although we have no obligation to screen, edit, or monitor Your Content, we may, in our sole discretion, delete or remove Your Content at any time and for any reason, including for a violation of these Terms, a violation of our Content Policy, or if you otherwise create liability for us.
5.
Third-Party Content, Advertisements and Promotions
The Services may contain links to third-party websites, products, or services, which may be posted by advertisers, our affiliates, our partners, or other users (“Third-Party Content”).
Third-Party Content is not under our control, and we are not responsible for any of their websites, products, or services.
Your use of Third-Party Content is at your own risk and you should make any investigation you feel necessary before proceeding with any transaction in connection with such Third-Party Content.

The Services may also contain sponsored Third-Party Content or advertisements.
The type, degree, and targeting of advertisements are subject to change, and you acknowledge and agree that we may place advertisements in connection with the display of any Content or information on the Services, including Your Content.
If you choose to use the Services to conduct a promotion, including a contest or sweepstakes, you alone are responsible for conducting the promotion in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
The terms of your promotion must specifically state that the promotion is not sponsored by, endorsed by, or associated with Reddit and the rules for your promotion must require each entrant or participant to release Reddit from any liability related to the promotion.
6.
Things You Cannot Do
When accessing or using the Services, you must respect others and their rights, including by following these Terms and the Content Policy, so that we all may continue to use and enjoy the Services.
We support the responsible reporting of security vulnerabilities.
To report a security issue, please send an email to security@reddit.com.
When accessing or using our Services, you will not:

Create or submit Content that violates our Content Policy or attempt to circumvent any content-filtering techniques we use;


Use the Services to violate applicable law or infringe any person or entity's intellectual property or any other proprietary rights;


Attempt to gain unauthorized access to another user’s Account or to the Services (or to other computer systems or networks connected to or used together with the Services);


Upload, transmit, or distribute to or through the Services any computer viruses, worms, or other software intended to interfere with the intended operation of a computer system or data;


Use the Services to harvest, collect, gather or assemble information or data regarding the Services or users of the Services except as permitted in these Terms or in a separate agreement with Reddit;


Use the Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the Services or that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functioning of the Services in any manner;


Intentionally negate any user's actions to delete or edit their Content on the Services.
or


Access, query, or search the Services with any automated system, other than through our published interfaces and pursuant to their applicable terms.
However, we conditionally grant permission to crawl the Services for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials subject to the parameters set forth in our robots.txt file.

7.
Moderators
Moderating a subreddit is an unofficial, voluntary position that may be available to users of the Services.
We are not responsible for actions taken by the moderators.
We recognize that moderation can take some work, so we may change the features or abilities associated with moderating from time to time without prior notice.
We reserve the right to revoke or limit a user’s ability to moderate at any time and for any reason or no reason, including for a breach of these Terms.

If you choose to moderate a subreddit:

You agree to follow the Moderator Guidelines for Healthy Communities;


You agree that when you receive reports related to your community, that you will take action to moderate by removing content and/or escalating to the admins for review;


You may not represent that you are authorized to act on behalf of Reddit, Inc.;


You may not enter into any agreement with a third party on behalf of Reddit, or any subreddits that you moderate, without our written approval;


You may not perform moderation actions in return for any form of compensation or favor from third parties;


If you have access to non-public information as a result of moderating a subreddit, you will use such information only in connection with your performance as a moderator.
and


You may create and enforce rules for the subreddits you moderate, provided that such rules do not conflict with these Terms, our Content Policy, and the Moderator Guidelines for Healthy Communities.

Reddit reserves the right, but has no obligation, to overturn any action or decision of a moderator if Reddit believes that such action or decision is not in the interest of Reddit or the Reddit community.

8.
Copyright, the DMCA &amp.
Takedowns
Reddit respects the intellectual property of others and requires that users of our Services do the same.
We have a policy that includes the removal of any infringing materials from the Services and for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of users of our Services who are repeat infringers.
If you believe that anything on our Services infringes a copyright that you own or control, you may notify Reddit’s Designated Agent by filling out our DMCA Report Form or by contacting:
Copyright AgentReddit, Inc.420 Taylor St.San Francisco, CA 94102copyright@reddit.com
Also, please note that if you knowingly misrepresent that any activity or material on our Service is infringing, you may be liable to Reddit for certain costs and damages.
If we remove Your Content in response to a copyright or trademark notice, we will notify you via Reddit’s private messaging system.
If you believe Your Content was wrongly removed due to a mistake or misidentification, you can send a counter notification to our Copyright Agent (contact information provided above).
Please see 17 U.S.C.
§512(g)(3) for the requirements of a proper counter notification.

9.
Reddit Premium, Virtual Goods and Payment Information
There are no fees for use of many aspects of the Services.
However, premium features, including Reddit Premium and Virtual Goods, which include Coins, may be available for purchase on certain of our Services.
In addition to these terms, by purchasing or using Reddit Premium or our Virtual Goods, you further agree to the Reddit Premium and Virtual Goods Agreement.
Reddit may change the fees or benefits associated with the premium features from time to time with reasonable advance notice.
provided, however, that no advance notice will be required for temporary promotions, including temporary reductions in the fees associated with the premium features.
You may submit your debit card, credit card, or other payment information ("Payment Information") via our Services to purchase premium features or other paid products or services.
We use third-party service providers to process your Payment Information.
If you submit your Payment Information, you agree to pay all costs that you incur, and you give us permission to charge you when payment is due for an amount that includes these costs and any applicable taxes and fees.
10.
Indemnity
Except to the extent prohibited by law, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us, our licensors, our third party service providers and our officers, employees, licensors, and agents (the “Reddit Entities”) harmless, including costs and attorneys’ fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of (a) your use of the Services, (b) your violation of these Terms, (c) your violation of applicable laws or regulations, or (d) Your Content.
We reserve the right to control the defense of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.

11.
Disclaimers
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
REDDIT, ITS LICENSORS, AND ITS THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, OR ERROR FREE.
REDDIT DOES NOT CONTROL, ENDORSE, OR TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR LINKED TO THE SERVICES OR THE ACTIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR USER, INCLUDING MODERATORS.
WHILE REDDIT ATTEMPTS TO MAKE YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES SAFE, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT OUR SERVICES OR SERVERS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
12.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT AND UNDER NO THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE, WILL THE REDDIT ENTITIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR LOST PROFITS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THOSE ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICES THAT IS ALLEGED TO BE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL.
ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE OR COMPUTER SYSTEM, OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM.
IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE REDDIT ENTITIES EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED U.S.
DOLLARS ($100) OR ANY AMOUNT YOU PAID REDDIT IN THE PREVIOUS SIX MONTHS FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM.
THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SECTION WILL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING THOSE BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, AND EVEN IF THE REDDIT ENTITIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF ANY REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.
13.
Governing Law and Venue
We want you to enjoy Reddit, so if you have an issue or dispute, you agree to raise it and try to resolve it with us informally.
You can contact us with feedback and concerns here or by emailing us at contact@reddit.com.
Except for the government entities listed below: any claims arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services will be governed by the laws of California, other than its conflict of laws rules.
all disputes related to these Terms or the Services will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco, California.
and you consent to personal jurisdiction in these courts.

Government Entities

If you are a U.S.
city, county, or state government entity, then this Section 13 does not apply to you.
If you are a U.S.
federal government entity: any claims arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services will be governed by the laws of the United States of America without reference to conflict of laws.
To the extent permitted by federal law, the laws of California (other than its conflict of law rules) will apply in the absence of applicable federal law.
All disputes related to these Terms or the Services will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco, California.
14.
Changes to these Terms
We may make changes to these Terms from time to time.
If we make changes, we will post the amended Terms to our Services and update the Effective Date above.
If the changes, in our sole discretion, are material, we may also notify you by sending an email to the address associated with your Account (if you have chosen to provide an email address) or by otherwise providing notice through our Services.
By continuing to access or use the Services on or after the Effective Date of the revised Terms, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.
If you do not agree to the revised Terms, you must stop accessing and using our Services before the changes become effective.
15.
Additional Terms
Because we offer a variety of Services, you may be asked to agree to additional terms before using a specific product or service offered by Reddit (“Additional Terms”).
To the extent any Additional Terms conflict with these Terms, the Additional Terms govern with respect to your use of the corresponding Service.
If you use Reddit Premium or Virtual Goods, you must also agree to our Terms for Reddit Premium and Virtual Goods.
If you use the self-service platform for advertising, you must also agree to our Terms for Self-Service Advertising.
If you use our public API, you must also agree to our Reddit API Terms of Use.
If you use RedditGifts, you must agree to the RedditGifts Terms of Service.
16.
Termination
You may terminate these Terms at any time and for any reason by deleting your Account and discontinuing your use of all Services.
If you stop using the Services without deactivating your Accounts, your Accounts may be deactivated due to prolonged inactivity.

We may suspend or terminate your Accounts, status as a moderator, or ability to access or use the Services at any time for any or no reason, including for a violation of these Terms or our Content Policy.

The following sections will survive any termination of these Terms or of your Accounts: 4 (Your Content), 6 (Things You Cannot Do), 10 (Indemnity), 11 (Disclaimers), 12 (Limitation of Liability), 13 (Governing Law and Venue), 16 (Termination), and 17 (Miscellaneous).
17.
Miscellaneous
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding your access to and use of the Services.
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not operate as a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms is, for any reason, held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the rest of the Terms will remain in effect.
You may not assign or transfer any of your rights or obligations under these Terms without our consent.
We may freely assign these Terms.
  reddit user agreement
Last Revised March 21, 2018.
Effective March 21, 2018

reddit powers thousands of distinct online communities.
these terms and your conduct make that possible.

1 Hello redditors and people of the Internet! We want you to know your rights and our rights and so we have prepared this agreement ("user agreement" or "agreement") between reddit ("we", "our," "us") and you.
This agreement sets the terms of your use of the reddit website and services ("reddit") that include subreddits, messaging, reddit mobile, and reddit.tv.
This agreement is meant to encourage a fair and tolerant place for ideas, people, links, and discussion.
2 We also operate redditgifts and redditmade.
Those sites have their own terms that you should read here and here.
first, the legal stuff
3 This agreement is a legal contract between you and us.
You acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
If you do not agree to this agreement, you should not use reddit.
Please take a look at reddit’s privacy policy too—it explains how we collect and use your information.
your access to reddit
4 Without advance notice and at any time, we may, for violations of this agreement or for any other reason we choose: (1) suspend your access to reddit, (2) suspend or terminate Your Account or reddit gold membership, and/or (3) remove any of your User Content from reddit.
5 We reserve the right to monitor reddit, and your use of the Service means you agree to such monitoring.
At the same time, we do not guarantee we will monitor at all.
reddit is for your personal, lawful use
6 reddit is designed and supported for personal use only.
You may not use reddit to break the law, violate an individual's privacy, or infringe any person or entity’s intellectual property or any other proprietary rights.
reddit is for fun
7 reddit is intended to be a place for your entertainment.
We are not responsible for any decisions you make based on something you read on reddit.
reddit isn’t intended as a marketplace
8 reddit is not intended to be a marketplace for any goods or services.
However, you may find commercial links, coupons, deals, advertisements and other third-party offers on reddit.
In addition, reddit may have affiliate relationships with certain of these third parties and may receive compensation for any purchase made from them.
reddit is not a party to, nor in any way responsible for, any transactions you have with these third parties, even if reddit has an affiliate relationship with such parties.
For this reason, any transactions you undertake are your responsibility alone, so be careful.
your reddit account
9 To participate on reddit, you must create an account that includes a username and password ("Your Account") and, if you want to be able to reset your password or have us contact you, an email address as well.
Of course, you can also browse reddit without logging in.
10 You are solely responsible for the information associated with Your Account and anything that happens related to Your Account.

11 You may not license, transfer, sell, or assign Your Account without our written approval.
reddit gold
12 You may also join our premium membership program, reddit gold, by paying a monthly or annual fee, or if someone gifts you a membership.
This user agreement applies to reddit gold members.
reddit gold does not confer any benefits other than those listed here, it is not currency, it is a membership-based service, and its features are subject to change in the future.
payment information
13 You may also submit your debit or credit card information ("Payment Information") via the website as part of reddit gold or to purchase other products or services via reddit.
reddit uses third party service providers to process your payment information.
If you submit your Payment Information, you agree to pay all costs that you incur, and you give us permission to charge you when payment is due for an amount that includes any applicable taxes, fees, and charges to reddit or one of our service providers.

content
reddit content
14 reddit contains graphics, text, photographs, images, video, audio, software, code, website compilation, website "look and feel," and advertisements supplied by us or our licensors, which we call "reddit content." reddit content is protected by intellectual property laws including copyright and other proprietary rights of the United States and foreign countries.
15 We grant you the right to access the reddit content in the manner described in this agreement.
You may not otherwise make unauthorized commercial use of, reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute copies, perform, or publicly display reddit content, except as permitted by the doctrine of fair use or as authorized in writing by us.
If you are interested in licensing reddit content, learn more by reading our licensing page and contact us at licensing@reddit.com.
your content
16 You retain the rights to your copyrighted content or information that you submit to reddit ("user content") except as described below.
17 By submitting user content to reddit, you grant us a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute copies, perform, or publicly display your user content in any medium and for any purpose, including commercial purposes, and to authorize others to do so.
18 You agree that you have the right to submit anything you post, and that your user content does not violate the copyright, trademark, trade secret or any other personal or proprietary right of any other party.
19 Please take a look at reddit’s privacy policy for an explanation of how we may use or share information submitted by you or collected from you.
we don’t endorse user content
20 We take no responsibility for, we do not expressly or implicitly endorse, and we do not assume any liability for any user content submitted by you to reddit.
links and reddit
21 reddit is a place with many third-party hyperlinks posted by users like you.
We are not responsible for the content or actions of any third party websites or services associated with posted links.
You agree to take sole legal responsibility for any links you post, and neither this agreement nor our privacy policy applies to any content on other websites related to those links.
You should consult the terms and privacy policies of those other websites to understand your rights.
reddit rules
your participation on reddit
22 You also agree to follow the Reddit Content Policy.
These guidelines are intended to keep people safe, protect kids, keep reddit running, and to encourage personal responsibility for what you do on reddit.

subreddit rules
23 Subreddits may create their own rules and enforce them as they see fit, providing they do not violate the terms of this agreement.
24 You agree that reddit is not responsible for the actions taken or not taken by moderators.
moderators
25 Moderating a subreddit is an unofficial, voluntary position.
We reserve the right to revoke that position for any user at any time.
If you choose to moderate a subreddit, you agree to the following:

You may not enter into any form of agreement on behalf of reddit, or the subreddit which you moderate, without our written approval.
You may not perform moderation actions in return for any form of compensation or favor from third-parties.
When you receive notice that there is content that violates this user agreement on subreddits you moderate, you agree to remove it.
don’t spam the reddit community
26 You may not post any graphics, text, photographs, images, video, audio or other material that we deem to be junk or spam.
Cluttering reddit with this sort of content reduces the quality of the reddit experience for others.
For guidance, see our rules about spam and self-promotion.
respect users that edit their content
27 You may not purposefully negate any user's actions to delete or edit their content on reddit.
This is intended to respect the privacy of reddit users who delete or edit their content, and is not intended to abridge the fair use or the expressive rights shared by us all.

don’t mess with reddit
28 You agree not to interrupt the serving of reddit, introduce malicious code onto reddit, make it difficult for anyone else to use reddit due to your actions, attempt to manipulate votes or reddit’s systems, or assist anyone in misusing reddit in any way.
It takes a lot of work to maintain reddit.
Be cool.

29 We support the responsible reporting of security vulnerabilities.
To report a reddit security issue, please send an email to security@reddit.com or participate in our whitehat wiki.
other ways of accessing reddit
30 Use of the reddit API is governed by the API access rules, available here.
31 reddit does not select and takes no responsibility for any content available on reddit.tv.

32 We encourage the creation of other ways to access reddit, including browser extensions and mobile and desktop applications.
We take no responsibility for, we do not expressly or implicitly endorse, and we do not assume any liability for any mobile or desktop application not produced by us.
33 If you produce or maintain a browser extension or application, you agree not to purposefully negate any user's actions to delete or edit their content on reddit.
children and reddit
34 reddit is not directed at people under the age of 13, and reddit does not knowingly collect any personal information from such people.
If you know that a user under the age of 13 is accessing reddit, please contact us here.
DMCA
copyright, the dmca, &amp.
takedowns
35 We will respond to legitimate requests under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), and we retain the right to remove user content on reddit that we deem to be infringing the copyright of others.
If you become aware of user content on reddit that infringes your copyright rights, you may submit a properly formatted DMCA request (see 17 U.S.C.
§ 512) to reddit.

36 Misrepresentations of infringement can result in liability for monetary damages.
You may want to consult an attorney before taking any action pursuant to the DMCA.
A DMCA request can be sent to us via the contact information below, or by completing our DMCA Report Form:
Copyright Agent
reddit, Inc.
548 Market St., #16093
San Francisco, CA 94104-5401
copyright@reddit.com

37 Please send our Copyright Agent the following information:

The electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or the person authorized to act on the owner's behalf;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or a representative list of such works;
The URL or Internet location of the materials claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity, or information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
Your name, address, telephone number and email address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
your right to file a counter-notice
38 If we remove your user content in response to a copyright or trademark notice, we will notify you via reddit’s private messaging system.
If you believe your user content was wrongly removed due to a mistake or misidentification of the material, you can send a counter-notice to our Copyright Agent (contact information provided above) that includes the following:

Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and where the material was located online before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
A statement by you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
and
Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of federal district court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which the service provider may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification under DMCA 512 subsection (c)(1)(c) or an agent of such person.

39 Upon receiving a counter-notice we will forward it to the complaining party and tell them we will restore your content within 10 business days.
If that party does not notify us that they have filed an action to enjoin your use of that content on reddit before that period passes, we will consider restoring your user content to the site.
40 It is reddit's policy to close the accounts of users we identify as repeat infringers.
We apply this policy at our discretion and in appropriate circumstances, such as when a user has repeatedly been charged with infringing the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of others.
a few more legalities
41 Please read the following very carefully.
Each of the following sections applies to the maximum extent permitted by law.
Where jurisdictions do not allow disclaimers of implied warranties or the limitation of liability in contracts, the contents of this section may not apply.

indemnity
42 All the things you do and all the information you submit or post to reddit remain your responsibility.
Indemnity is basically a way of saying that you will not hold us legally liable for any of your user content or actions that infringe the law or the rights of a third party or person in any way.
43 Specifically, you agree to hold reddit, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, and third party service providers harmless from and defend them against any claims, costs, damages, losses, expenses, and any other liabilities, including attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out of or related to your access to or use of reddit, your violation of this user agreement, and/or your violation of the rights of any third party or person.

disclaimer of warranties
44 reddit is provided "as is" and without warranty of any kind.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, we and our affiliates and third party service providers disclaim any and all warranties, express or implied, including (but not limited to) implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary rights, or any other warranty, condition, guarantee or representation, whether oral or electronic.
You are solely responsible for any damage to your computer or mobile device, loss of use, or loss of your user content.
We do not guarantee that reddit will always work properly.

limitation of liability
45 We will not be liable for any special, consequential, indirect, incidental, punitive, reliance, or exemplary damages, whether in tort, contract, or any other legal theory, arising out of or in any way connected with this agreement or your use of or attempt to use reddit, including (but not limited to) damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, or data.
This limitation on liability shall not be affected even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Some states do not allow for the exclusion of implied warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above exclusions may not apply to you.
You may have other rights that vary from state to state.

46 You agree to release us, our affiliates, and third-party service providers, and each associated director, employee, agents, and officers, from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential), of every kind and nature, known and unknown, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected to your use of reddit.

governing law
47 We want you to enjoy reddit, so if you have an issue or dispute, you agree to raise it and try to resolve it with us informally.
You can contact us with feedback and concerns here or by emailing us at contact@reddit.com.
48 The headings in this agreement are for convenience and do not control any of its provisions.
49 Any claim or dispute between you and us arising out of or relating to this user agreement, in whole or in part, shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without respect to its conflict of laws provisions.
We agree and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal court located in San Francisco County, California.

severability and enforcement
50 If any provision of this user agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be modified to the extent necessary to render it enforceable without losing its intent.
If no such modification is possible, that provision will be severed from the rest of this agreement.

51 If we do not enforce any right or provision in this user agreement, that is not to be deemed a waiver of our right to do so in the future.
changes to this user agreement
52 This user agreement is the entire agreement between you and us concerning reddit.
It supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements between you and us.
We may modify this user agreement at any time.
If we make changes to this agreement that materially affect your rights, we will provide advance notice and keep this edition available as an archive on the reddit website.
By continuing to use reddit after a change to this agreement, you agree to those changes.
  User Agreement Privacy Policy Content Policy Broadcasting Content Policy Moderator Guidelines Transparency Report 2017 Transparency Report 2018 Guidelines for Law Enforcement Transparency Report 2019 Privacy Policy Reddit Privacy Policy Effective January 10, 2020.
Last Revised January 10, 2020 We want you to understand how and why Reddit, Inc.
(“Reddit,” “we” or “us”) collects, uses, and shares information about you when you use our websites, mobile apps, widgets, and other online products and services (collectively, the "Services") or when you otherwise interact with us or receive a communication from us.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our Services including Reddit Gifts, which maintains a separate privacy notice that incorporates this Privacy Policy by reference.
What We Collect
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide to us directly when you use the Services.
This includes:

Account information. To create an account, you must provide a username and password.
Your username is public, and it doesn’t have to be related to your real name.
You may also provide an email address.
We also store your user account preferences and settings.

Content you submit. We collect the content you submit to the Services.
This includes your posts and comments including saved drafts, your messages with other users (e.g., private messages, chats, and modmail), and your reports and other communications with moderators and with us.
Your content may include text, links, images, gifs, and videos.

Actions you take. We collect information about the actions you take when using the Services.
This includes your interactions with content, like voting, saving, hiding, and reporting.
It also includes your interactions with other users, such as following, friending, and blocking.
We collect your interactions with communities, like your subscriptions or moderator status.

Transactional information. If you purchase products or services from us (e.g., Reddit Gold or Reddit Ads) or sign up as a potential advertiser on Reddit Ads, we will collect certain information from you, including your name, address, email address, and information about the product or service you are purchasing.
Payments are processed by third-party payment processors (e.g., Stripe and PayPal), so please refer to the applicable processor’s terms and privacy policy for more information about how payment information is processed and stored.

Other information. You may choose to provide other information directly to us.
For example, we may collect information when you fill out a form, participate in Reddit-sponsored activities or promotions, apply for a job, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us.
Information We Collect Automatically
When you access or use our Services, we may also automatically collect information about you.
This includes:

Log and usage data. We may log information when you access and use the Services.
This may include your IP address, user-agent string, browser type, operating system, referral URLs, device information (e.g., device IDs), pages visited, links clicked, the requested URL, hardware settings, and search terms.
Except for the IP address used to create your account, Reddit will delete any IP addresses collected after 100 days.

Information collected from cookies and similar technologies. We may receive information from cookies, which are pieces of data your browser stores and sends back to us when making requests, and similar technologies.
We use this information to improve your experience, understand user activity, personalize content and advertisements, and improve the quality of our Services.
For example, we store and retrieve information about your preferred language and other settings.
For more information on how you can disable cookies, please see “Your Choices” below.

Location information. We may receive and process information about your location.
For example, with your consent, we may collect information about the specific location of your mobile device (for example, by using GPS or Bluetooth).
We may also receive location information from you when you choose to share such information on our Services, including by associating your content with a location, or we may derive your approximate location from other information about you, including your IP address.
Information Collected from Other Sources
We may receive information about you from other sources, including from other users and third parties, and combine that information with the other information we have about you.
For example, we may receive demographic or interest information about you from third parties, including advertisers, and combine it with our own data using a common account identifier such as a hash of an email address or a mobile-device ID.
You can control how we use this information to personalize the Services for you by adjusting your preferences here.


Linked services. If you authorize or link other services (e.g., third-party apps or websites) to access your Reddit account, Reddit receives information about your use of that service when it uses that authorization.
Linking services may also cause the other service to send us information about your account with that service.
To learn how information is shared with linked services, see “How Information About You Is Shared” below.

Information collected from integrations. We also may receive information about you, including log and usage data and cookie information, from third-party websites that integrate our Services, including our embeds, buttons, and advertising technology.
For example, when you visit a website that uses Reddit embeds, we may receive information about the web page you visited.
You can control how we use this information to personalize the Services for you by adjusting your preferences here.
How We Use Information About You
We use information about you to:


Provide, maintain, and improve the Services;
Research and develop new services;
Help protect the safety of Reddit and our users, which includes blocking suspected spammers, addressing abuse, and enforcing the Reddit user agreement and our other policies;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, invoices and other support and administrative messages;
Provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, and events, and provide other news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about how to opt out of these communications, see “Your Choices” below);
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services.
and
Personalize the Services and provide advertisements, content and features that match user profiles or interests.
(for information about how to manage the types of advertisements you experience on our Services, see “Your Choices” below)

How Information About You Is Shared
When you use the Services, certain information may be shared with other users and the public.
For example:

When you submit content (such as a post or comment or public chat) to the Services, any visitors to and users of our Services will be able to see that content, the username associated with the content, and the date and time you originally submitted the content.
Reddit allows other websites to embed public Reddit content via our embed tools.
Reddit also allows third parties to access public Reddit content via the Reddit API and via other similar technologies.
Although some parts of the Services may be private or quarantined, they may become public (e.g., at the moderator’s option in the case of private communities) and you should take that into consideration before posting to the Services.


When you send private messages, messages via modmail, or private chats, the recipients of those messages will be able to see the content of your message, your username, and the date and time the message was sent.
Keep in mind that additional users may be invited to join a private chat after you send a message.
Moderators may elect to have modmail forwarded to their email accounts and, as a result, any modmail received by these moderators will be subject to the terms and policies of the moderator’s email provider.


When other users view your profile, they will be able to see information about your activities on the Services, such as your username, prior posts and comments, karma, trophies, moderator status, Reddit Gold status, and how long you have been a member of the Services.
If you choose to make the information public, your profile may also include your voting history.


We offer social sharing features that let you share content or actions you take on our Services with other media.
Your use of these features enables the sharing of certain information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature.
For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these social sharing features (e.g., Tumblr, Facebook, and Twitter).

Please note that, even when you delete your account, the posts, comments and messages you submit through the Services may still be viewable or available on our servers.
For more information, see “Your Choices” below.
Otherwise, we do not share, sell, or give away your personal information to third parties unless one of the following circumstances applies:


With linked services. If you link your Reddit account with a third-party service, Reddit will share the information you authorize with that third-party service.
You can control this sharing as described in "Your Choices" below.



With our partners. We may share information with vendors, consultants, and other service providers (but not with advertisers and ad partners) who need access to such information to carry out work for us.
The partner’s use of personal data will be subject to appropriate confidentiality and security measures.



To comply with the law. We may share information in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including, but not limited to, meeting national security or law enforcement requirements.
To the extent the law allows it, we will attempt to provide you with prior notice before disclosing your information in response to such a request.
Our Transparency Report has additional information about how we respond to government requests.



In an emergency. We may share information if we believe it's necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person.



To enforce our policies and rights. We may share information if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements, rules, or other Reddit policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of ourselves and others.



With our affiliates. We may share information between and among Reddit, and any of our parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership.



With your consent. We may share information about you with your consent or at your direction.



Aggregated or de-identified information. We may share information about you that has been aggregated or anonymized such that it cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
For example, we may show the total number of times a post has been upvoted without identifying who the visitors were.

Ads and Analytics Partners
We may partner with third-party advertisers, ad networks, and analytics providers to deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests and to better understand your use of the Services.
These third parties may collect information sent by your computer, browser, or mobile device in response to a request for content, such as unique identifiers, your IP address, or other information about your computer or device.
For example:
Advertisers and Ad Networks
Our ad partners and ad networks may use cookies and related technologies to collect information when ads are delivered to you on our Services, but Reddit does not link to or provide them with your actual Reddit account details.
This means that Reddit does not share your individual account browsing habits with advertisers.
Reddit cannot see advertisers’ cookies and advertisers will not see Reddit cookies.
Analytics Partners
We use analytics partners (such as Google Analytics) to help analyze usage and traffic for our Services.
As an example, we may use analytics partners to analyze and measure, in the aggregate, the number of unique visitors to our Services.
Your Choices
As a Reddit user, you have choices about how to protect and limit the collection, use, and disclosure of information about you.
Accessing and Changing Your Information
You can access and change certain information through the Services.
See our Help Center page for more information.
You can also request a copy of the personal information Reddit maintains about you by following the process described here.
Deleting Your Account
You may delete your account information at any time from the user preferences page.
You can also submit a request to delete the personal information Reddit maintains about you by following the process described in the “Other Information - Data Subject and Consumer Information Requests” section below.
When you delete your account, your profile is no longer visible to other users and disassociated from content you posted under that account.
Please note, however, that the posts, comments, and messages you submitted prior to deleting your account will still be visible to others unless you first delete the specific content.
We may also retain certain information about you as required by law or for legitimate business purposes after you delete your account.
Controlling Linked Services’ Access to Your Account
You can review the services you have linked to your account and revoke access to individual services here.
Controlling the Use of Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.
If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject first- and third-party cookies.
Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Controlling Advertising and Analytics
Some analytics providers we partner with may provide specific opt-out mechanisms and we may provide, as needed and as available, additional tools and third-party services that allow you to better understand cookies and how you can opt-out.
For example, you may manage the use and collection of certain information by Google Analytics here.
We also offer you choices about receiving personalized advertisements.
You can adjust how we personalize advertisements for you by visiting your ads preferences here.
You may also generally opt out of receiving personalized advertisements from certain third-party advertisers and ad networks.
To learn more about these advertisements or to opt out, please visit the websites of the Digital Advertising Alliance and the Network Advertising Initiative, or if you are a user in the European Economic Area, Your Online Choices.
Do Not Track
Most modern web browsers give you the option to send a Do Not Track signal to the websites you visit, indicating that you do not wish to be tracked.
However, there is no accepted standard for how a website should respond to this signal, and we do not take any action in response to this signal.
Instead, in addition to publicly available third-party tools, we offer you the choices described in this policy to manage the collection and use of information about you.
Controlling Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving some or all categories of promotional communications from us by following the instructions in those communications or by updating your email options in your account preferences here.
If you opt out of promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as information about your account or your use of the Services.
Controlling Mobile Notifications
With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device.
You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
Controlling Location Information
If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
Other Information
Information Security
We take measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
For example, we use HTTPS while information is being transmitted.
We also enforce technical and administrative access controls to limit which of our employees have access to non-public personal information.
You can help maintain the security of your account by configuring two-factor authentication.
Data Retention
We store the information we collect for as long as it is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it.
We may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes or as required by law.
International Data Transfers
We are based in the United States and we process and store information on servers located in the United States.
We may store information on servers and equipment in other countries depending on a variety of factors, including the locations of our users and service providers.
By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer and storage of information in and to the U.S.
and other countries, where you may not have the same rights as you do under local law.
In connection with Reddit's processing of personal data received from the European Union and Switzerland, we adhere to the EU-U.S.
and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Program (“Privacy Shield”) and comply with its framework and principles.
Please direct any inquiries or complaints regarding our compliance with the Privacy Shield principles to the point of contact listed in the “Contact Us” section below.
If we do not resolve your complaint, you may submit your complaint free of charge to JAMS.
Under certain conditions specified by the Privacy Shield principles, you may also be able to invoke binding arbitration to resolve your complaint.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
If we share EU or Swiss data with a third-party service provider that processes the data solely on our behalf, then we will be liable for that third party’s processing of EU or Swiss data in violation of the Privacy Shield principles, unless we can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
For more information about the Privacy Shield principles and to view our certification, please visit the U.S.
Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website.
Additional Information for EEA Users
Users in the European Economic Area have the right to request access to, rectification of, or erasure of their personal data.
to data portability in certain circumstances.
to request restriction of processing.
to object to processing.
and to withdraw consent for processing where they have previously provided consent.
These rights can be exercised using the information provided under “Your Choices” above or as described in the “Other Information - Data Subject and Consumer Information Requests” section below.
EEA users also have the right to lodge a complaint with their local supervisory authority.


As required by applicable law, we collect and process information about individuals in the EEA only where we have legal bases for doing so.
Our legal bases depend on the Services you use and how you use them.
We process your information on the following legal bases:

You have consented for us to do so for a specific purpose;


We need to process the information to provide you the Services, including to operate the Services, provide customer support and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of the Services;


It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as preventing fraud, ensuring network and information security, enforcing our rules and policies, protecting our legal rights and interests, research and development, and marketing and promoting the Services;


We need to process your information to comply with our legal obligations.

Data Subject and Consumer Information Requests
Requests for a copy of the information Reddit has about your account—including EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) data subject access requests and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) consumer information requests—can be submitted following the process described here.
All other data subject and consumer requests under data protection laws should be sent via email to redditdatarequests@reddit.com from the email address that you have verified with your Reddit account.
Before we process a request from you about your personal information, we need to verify the request via your access to your Reddit account or to a verified email address associated with your Reddit account.
You may also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf.
Reddit does not discriminate against users for exercising their rights under data protection laws to make requests regarding their personal information.
Children
Children under the age of 13 are not allowed to create an account or otherwise use the Services.
Additionally, if you are in the EEA, you must be over the age required by the laws of your country to create an account or otherwise use the Services, or we need to have obtained verifiable consent from your parent or legal guardian.
Changes to This Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we do, we will let you know by revising the date at the top of the policy.
If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to r/announcements, the front page of the Services or sending you a notification).
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access or use our Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
By continuing to use our Services after Privacy Policy changes go into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised policy.
Contact Us
To send a GDPR data subject request or CCPA consumer request, follow the steps in the “Other Information - Data Subject and Consumer Information Requests” section above.
If you have other questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at legal@reddit.com or at:
Reddit, Inc.548 Market St.
#16093San Francisco, California 94104
We have also appointed a representative in the EU to receive inquiries about our data practices:
Reddit Ireland LimitedAttn: Reddit EU Data Inquiries70 Sir John Rogerson's QuayDublin 2Irelandeurepresentative@reddit.com 