 Stack Overflow 









 Log In Sign Up 
 current community 
 Stack Overflow help chat 
 Meta Stack Overflow 
 your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list.
more stack exchange communities company blog 
 Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site 
 Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have 
 Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site 
 About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company 
 Business Learn more about hiring developers or posting ads with us 



 This site uses cookies to deliver our services and to show you relevant ads and job listings.
By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Service.
Your use of Stack Overflow’s Products and Services, including the Stack Overflow Network, is subject to these policies and terms.
 Join us in building a kind, collaborative learning community via our updated Code of Conduct.



 Home 


Public
 Stack Overflow 
 Tags 
 Users 
 Jobs 





Teams Q&amp;A for work Learn More 




 Public Network Terms of Service 
 Private Network Terms of Service 
 API Terms of Use 
 Privacy Policy 
 Data Security and Due Process 
 Data Security Overview 
 Data Subjects (You) 
 Data Controllers (Customers) 
 Data Processors (Vendors) 


 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Trademark Guidance 
 Contact 
 Public Network Terms of Service 
Public Network Terms
Contracts are Binding and Legally Enforcable – Please Read!
Age Eligibility
Access to the Public Network
User Obligations
Content Permissions, Restrictions, and Creative Commons Licensing
Disclaimer of Warranties
Indemnification
Limitation of Liability
General Provisions

The Stack Overflow Network (also referred to herein as "Stack Overflow" or "Network") is a set of related Internet sites and other applications for questions and answers, owned and operated by Stack Exchange, Inc.
("Stack Overflow", "we" or "us"), a Delaware corporation.
Stack Overflow welcomes you to the Network, the largest community of developers in the world, and invites you to participate in the community by sharing knowledge with your peers and colleagues.
Like all communities, we ask that you participate in a manner that respects your fellow community members.
To that end, we provide you with these terms of service to advise you of the legal obligations you assume when you engage with the Stack Overflow community or otherwise access or use the public Network or any services provided on the public Network (collectively, "Services").
These terms govern the use of the public Network (the "Public Network Terms").
To the extent you are accessing or using the private Network on behalf of a Company or Team, including without limitation by registering for an account on behalf of a Company or Team, your use of the private Network is governed by the Private Network Terms. 1.
Public Network Terms Please read these Public Network Terms carefully before accessing or using the public Network.
These Public Network Terms constitute an agreement between Stack Overflow and you and governs your permitted use of the public Network ONLY, including any Services or Products that are part of the public Network (e.g., the private Network).
By accessing or using the Services or the public Network in any manner, including without limitation by visiting or browsing the public Network or registering for an account on the Network, you affirm that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by these Public Network Terms, as well as the Acceptable Use Policy and Privacy Policy.
Stack Overflow reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify these Public Network Terms at any time by posting revised Public Network Terms on the public Network and by providing notice via e-mail, where possible, or on the public Network.
You shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications.
Your access to or use of the Services or public Network following such modification constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Public Network Terms as modified.
To reiterate, and for clarity, these Public Network Terms apply to all who access or use the Services or public Network, including without limitation users who contribute content, information, and other materials or services, registered or otherwise.
PLEASE BE AWARE THAT BY USING THE PUBLIC NETWORK, EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES DESCRIBED IN THE SECTION TITLED "MANDATORY ARBITRATION" BELOW, YOU AGREE THAT ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION. 2.
Contracts are Binding and Legally Enforceable -- Please Read! As stated above, these Public Network Terms constitute an agreement between Stack Overflow and you and governs your use of the public Network.
These Public Network Terms do NOT govern the use of our Talent, Enterprise and other Stack Overflow products and services that are not part of the public Network.
In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of these Public Network Terms and any such service or licensing agreements, the terms and conditions of the Public Network Terms shall prevail. 3.
Age Eligibility You must be at least 13 years old to access or use the Network or Services, including without limitation to complete a Stack Overflow account registration.
By accessing or using the Services or the Network in any manner, you represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years of age.
If you are under 13 years old, you may not, under any circumstances or for any reason, access or use the Services or Network in any manner, and may not provide any personal information to or on the Services or Network (including, for example, a name, address, telephone number or email address).
If you are located within the European Union, you must be at least 16 years old to access or use the Network or Services, including without limitation to complete a Stack Overflow Account Registration.
By accessing or using the Services or the Network in any manner, you represent and warrant that you are at least 16 years of age.
If you are under 16 years old, you may not, under any circumstances or for any reason, access or use the Services or Network in any manner, and may not provide any personal information to or on the Services or Network (including, for example, a name, address, telephone number or email address). 4.
Access to the Public Network Any user of the public Network is welcome to participate in community discussions, to answer questions, and to share their hard earned knowledge with public Network community participants, provided that they comply with the obligations set forth in these Public Network Terms, and to the extent that use of the public Network does not conflict with the applicable laws, rules and regulations of the user’s jurisdiction.
Stack Overflow reserves the right to refuse, suspend or terminate your access to the public Network if it determines, in its sole discretion, that you have in any way violated these Public Network Terms or are otherwise ineligible to access or use the Network or Services.
If your actions are determined by us to violate these Public Network Terms, Stack Overflow may, in its sole discretion, try to remediate that violation by working with you individually, but is under no obligation to do so, and if any such remediation efforts are unsuccessful (in Stack Overflow’s sole discretion), then Stack Overflow may revoke your rights to the Network.
You are solely responsible for ensuring that these Public Network Terms are in compliance with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to you, and the right to access the Network or any Services is revoked where these Public Network Terms or use of the Network or any Services is prohibited or conflicts with any applicable law, rule or regulation.
Stack Overflow will use reasonable efforts to make the public Network available 24/7/365, but from time-to-time we will have scheduled outages for maintenance purposes and other upkeep.
Where feasible, we may, in our sole discretion, make efforts to inform you about any outages and report on the nature and reason for any outages that may occur in an open and transparent manner, though we are under no obligation to do so, and in any case will not be liable for any downtime. 5.
User Obligations 
To access some of the public Network features you will need to register for an account as an individual and consent to these Public Network Terms.
If you do not consent to these Public Network Terms, Stack Overflow reserves the right to refuse, suspend or terminate your access to the public Network.
You are solely responsible for ensuring that your account registration is complete and remains up to date.
You have the right to discontinue use of, or terminate, your account whenever you like, and subject to our Privacy Policy, control the use and sharing of your account information.
Please note that any content or information you share publicly is governed by the terms described below in the section titled "Public Content Permissions, Restrictions, and Creative Commons Licensing," and you should be aware that once you place content in the public sphere, you willingly give up some rights and control over such content.
Stack Overflow strongly encourages you to review our Privacy Policy, which explains how we will handle, process, and use your personal data, and with whom, and how we will share this data.
Stack Overflow is a community and we expect you to treat each member of the Stack Overflow community with respect.
Whether a community member is asking their first question, or is a reputation superstar, we respect you and welcome you, but we also require you to be kind to one another.
To prevent bad actors from creating a negative community experience, we have outlined what we believe to be common sense rules for community participation and reserve the right to pause or terminate your account if you engage in disruptive, abusive, or nefarious behavior outside of Stack Overflow’s Acceptable Use Policy, which is hereby incorporated into these Public Network Terms.
You are solely responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment or ancillary services needed to connect to or access the Network or otherwise use the Services, including without limitation modems, hardware, software, and long distance or local telephone service.
You are solely responsible for ensuring that such equipment or ancillary services are compatible with the Services and Network.
Some premium or additional features of Stack Overflow (including without limitation Stack Overflow for Teams) may require a payment obligation for access and use.
You are solely responsible for ensuring that your payment obligations, if any, remain current and not in arrears.
In the event Stack Overflow charges for features you will be clearly notified of the terms of any payment obligations and provided the opportunity to refuse such obligations before you incur any charges.
Please note, however, that your refusal to accept payment obligations may result in your inability to access or use certain premium or additional features of Stack Overflow.
 6.
Content Permissions, Restrictions, and Creative Commons Licensing Stack Overflow Content All materials displayed or performed on the public Network, including but not limited to text, graphics, logos, tools, photographs, images, illustrations, software or source code, audio and video, and animations (collectively "Network Content") (other than Network Content posted by individual "Subscriber Content") are the property of Stack Overflow and/or third parties and are protected by United States and international copyright laws ("Stack Overflow Content").
The Stack Overflow API shall be used solely pursuant to the terms of the API Terms of Use.
All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to Stack Overflow and/or third parties and use of the Network means you agree to abide by all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Network Content accessed through the Services.
The Network is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to U.S.
copyright laws, international covenants, and other copyright laws.
Other than as expressly set forth in these Public Network Terms, you may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, upload, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as provided in this Agreement), create derivative works based on, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit any of the Network Content, software, materials, or Services in whole or in part.
You may download or copy the public Network Content, and other items displayed on the public Network for download or personal use provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained in such Public Content.
From time to time, Stack Overflow may make available compilations of all the Subscriber Content on the public Network (the "Creative Commons Data Dump").
The Creative Commons Data Dump is licensed under the Creative Commons CC-BY-SA license.
By downloading the Creative Commons Data Dump, you agree to be bound by the terms of that license.
Any other downloading, copying, or storing of any public Network Content (other than Subscriber Content or content made available via the Stack Overflow API) for other than personal, noncommercial use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from Stack Overflow or from the copyright holder identified in the copyright notice per the Creative Commons License.
In the event you download software from the public Network (other than Subscriber Content or content made available by the Stack Overflow API) the software including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, the data accompanying the software (collectively, the "Software") is licensed to you by Stack Overflow or third party licensors for your personal, noncommercial use, and no title to the Software shall transfer to you.
Stack Overflow or third party licensors retain full and complete title to the Software and all intellectual property rights therein. Subscriber Content You agree that any and all content, including without limitation any and all text, graphics, logos, tools, photographs, images, illustrations, software or source code, audio and video, animations, and product feedback (collectively, "Content") that you provide to the public Network (collectively, "Subscriber Content"), is perpetually and irrevocably licensed to Stack Overflow on a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive basis pursuant to Creative Commons licensing terms (CC-BY-SA), and you grant Stack Overflow the perpetual and irrevocable right and license to access, use, process, copy, distribute, export, display and to commercially exploit such Subscriber Content, even if such Subscriber Content has been contributed and subsequently removed by you as reasonably necessary to, for example (without limitation):

Provide, maintain, and update the public Network
Process lawful requests from law enforcement agencies and government agencies
Prevent and address security incidents and data security features, support features, and to provide technical assistance as it may be required
Aggregate data to provide product optimization

This means that you cannot revoke permission for Stack Overflow to publish, distribute, store and use such content and to allow others to have derivative rights to publish, distribute, store and use such content.
The CC-BY-SA Creative Commons license terms are explained in further detail by Creative Commons, but you should be aware that all Public Content you contribute is available for public copy and redistribution, and all such Public Content must have appropriate attribution.
As stated above, by agreeing to these Public Network Terms you also agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Acceptable Use Policy incorporated herein, and hereby acknowledge and agree that any and all Public Content you provide to the public Network is governed by the Acceptable Use Policy. 7.
Disclaimer of Warranties TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, STACK OVERFLOW DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY.
STACK EXCHANGE PROVIDES NO GUARANTEES THAT THE SERVICES OR NETWORK WILL FUNCTION WITHOUT INTERRUPTION OR ERRORS AND PROVIDES THE NETWORK, SERVICES, AND ANY RELATED CONTENT OR PRODUCTS SUBJECT TO THESE PUBLIC NETWORK TERMS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. 8.
Indemnification You will indemnify and hold Stack Overflow, its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultant, contractors, partners, vendors and service providers (including, without limitation, hosting and telecommunications providers) harmless, including costs and attorneys’ fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of your access to the public Network, use of Stack Overflow products or services made available on the public Network, your violation of this Agreement, or your infringement or any third party using your account, of any intellectual property right. 9.
Limitation of Liability TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, STACK OVERFLOW AND ITS AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY WITH RESPECT TO THE NETWORK OR SERVICES (I) FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, OPPORTUNITIES, REPUTATION, PROFITS OR REVENUES, OR (II) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) IN THE AGGREGATE, EVEN IF STACK OVERFLOW OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN TOLD OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF THESE REMEDIES FAIL THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
NOTHING IN THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL PREVENT STACK OVERFLOW’S RIGHT TO SEEK AND OBTAIN EQUITABLE RELIEF.
NOTWITHSTANDING SUCH RIGHT OF EQUITABLE RELIEF, TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT PERMIT SUCH LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY, SUCH LIMITATION WILL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. 10.
General Provisions a.
Assignment and Jurisdiction Stack Overflow reserves the right to assign our rights and obligations under these Public Network Terms (in whole or in part) without your consent to a corporate affiliate, or in connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate restructure or reorganization, or due to the sale of all or substantially all of our assets.
These Public Network Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the applicable laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the principles of that State regarding conflicts of laws.
Both you and Stack Overflow hereby irrevocably agree to the sole and exclusive personal jurisdiction of the Courts of the State of New York with respect to any action, suit, or proceeding brought by it or against it by the other party in connection with the Network or Services.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, these Public Network Terms shall not prevent either party from seeking injunctive relief with respect to a violation of the confidentiality provisions and indemnification provisions contained in these Public Network Terms.
The Uniform Commercial Code shall not apply to the provisions of these Public Network Terms to the fullest extent permitted by law.
No shrinkwrap or click-wrap terms contained in any purchase order or any Company or Team form shall apply to or supersede these Public Network Terms.
In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of these Public Network Terms and any such shrinkwrap or click-wrap terms, the terms and conditions of the former shall prevail. b.
Mandatory Arbitration YOU AGREE THAT WITH RESPECT TO ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND STACK OVERFLOW OR ITS AFFILIATES OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, OR EMPLOYEES (WHETHER OR NOT SUCH DISPUTE INVOLVES A THIRD PARTY) WITH REGARD TO YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH US, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DISPUTES RELATING TO THESE PUBLIC NETWORK TERMS, YOUR USE OF THE NETWORK OR SERVICES, AND/OR RIGHTS OF PRIVACY AND/OR PUBLICITY, YOU AND STACK OVERFLOW SHALL FIRST CONSULT WITH EACH OTHER TO ATTEMPT TO RESOLVE SUCH DISPUTE IN A MANNER SATISFACTORY TO BOTH PARTIES, AND THAT IF A RESOLUTION IS NOT REACHED WITHIN NINETY (90) DAYS, THEN THE DISPUTE SHALL BE REFERRED TO AND RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION UNDER JAMS, INC.'S RULES FOR ARBITRATION OF CONSUMER-RELATED DISPUTES AND YOU AND WE HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY.
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT TO THE EXTENT THAT YOU HAVE IN ANY MANNER VIOLATED OR THREATENED TO VIOLATE OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, WE MAY SEEK INJUNCTIVE OR OTHER APPROPRIATE RELIEF IN ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
DISCOVERY AND RIGHTS TO APPEAL IN ARBITRATION ARE GENERALLY MORE LIMITED THAN IN A LAWSUIT, AND OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU AND WE WOULD HAVE IN COURT MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION.
As an alternative, you may bring your claim in your local "small claims" court, if permitted by that small claims court's rules and if within such court’s jurisdiction, unless such action is transferred, removed or appealed to a different court.
You may bring claims only on your own behalf.
Neither you nor we will participate in a class action or class-wide arbitration for any claims covered by this agreement to arbitrate.
YOU ARE GIVING UP YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AS A CLASS REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS MEMBER ON ANY CLASS CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST US INCLUDING ANY RIGHT TO CLASS ARBITRATION OR ANY CONSOLIDATION OF INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATIONS.
You also agree not to participate in claims brought in a private or representative capacity, or consolidated claims involving another person's account, if we are a party to the proceeding.
This dispute resolution provision will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and not by any state law concerning arbitration.
In the event JAMS, INC.
is unwilling or unable to set a hearing date within one hundred and sixty (160) days of filing the case, then either we or you can elect to have the arbitration administered instead by the American Arbitration Association.
Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction.
Any provision of applicable law notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have authority to award damages, remedies or awards that conflict with these Public Network Terms.
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of, related to or connected with the use of the public Network or these Public Network Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim of action arose or be forever banned.
You agree that, notwithstanding anything in the foregoing, any arbitration proceeding between you and us will be conducted in New York, NY, USA, that the language of the arbitration shall be in English, and that all arbitration proceedings shall be considered confidential in nature.
If you don’t want to be bound by the arbitration and class-action waiver provisions in this section, you must notify us in writing within thirty (30) days of the date that you first accept these Public Network Terms (unless a longer period is required by applicable law), and then you must litigate any disputes against us in accordance with the "Assignment and Jurisdiction" section below.
Your written notification must be mailed to us at Stack Overflow, Attn: Legal Department, 110 William Street, Floor 28, New York, NY 10038 or by email notification at team (at) stackoverflow.com.
If you do not notify us in accordance with this paragraph, you agree to be bound by the terms of this section, including, without limitation, the arbitration and class-action waiver provisions, and also including such provisions in any modifications we make to these Public Network Terms after the date of your first acceptance.
Such notification must include: (i) your name.
(ii) your email address and mailing address.
and (iii) a statement that you do not wish to resolve disputes with us through arbitration or waive your ability to participate in a class action.
If we make any changes to this section (other than a change to the address at which we will receive notices or rejections of future changes to this section), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice, within thirty (30) days of the change, to the address set out in the "Notices" section.
It is not necessary to send us a rejection of a future change to this section if you had properly opted out within the first thirty (30) days after you first accepted the provisions in this section.
If you have not properly opted out, then by rejecting a future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this section, as modified by any changes you did not reject.
A notification sent pursuant to this paragraph solely affects these Public Network Terms.
if you previously entered into other arbitration or dispute resolution agreements with us or enter into other such agreements in the future, your notification that you are opting out of the provisions in this section shall not affect the other arbitration agreements between you and us. c.
Survival The sections entitled "Public Network Terms", "Contracts are Binding and Legally Enforceable – Please Read!", "User Obligations", "Content Permissions, Restrictions, and Creative Commons Licensing", "Disclaimer of Warranties", "Indemnification", "Limitation of Liability", Assignment and Jurisdiction, "Mandatory Arbitration", "Survival", "Merger and Severability", "Notices", "No Waiver", and "Headings" shall survive any termination or expiration of these Public Network Terms. d.
Modifications Stack Overflow reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or replace these Public Network Terms, as our business evolves over time and to better provide Services and Products to the Stack Overflow community, or to change, suspend, or discontinue the public Network and/or any Services or Products at any time by posting a notice on the public Network or by sending you notice via e-mail or by another appropriate means of electronic communication. e.
Merger and Severability The parties to these Public Network Terms are independent contractors and these Public Network Terms shall not be construed to constitute any agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship between you and Stack Overflow.
These Public Network Terms represent the entire agreement between you and Stack Overflow and supersede all prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals, and representations with respect to the public Network or Services or Products contemplated hereunder.
If any provision of these Public Network Terms is held to be invalid, void, unenforceable, or contrary to public policy, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the remaining provisions of these Public Network Terms shall remain and continue in full force and effect. f.
Notices Unless otherwise specified in these Public Network Terms, all notices under these Public Network Terms will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.
when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail.
or the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service.
Electronic notices should be sent to legal (at) stackoverflow.com. g.
No Waiver Our failure to enforce any part of these Public Network Terms shall not constitute a waiver of our right to later enforce that or any other part of these Public Network Terms.
Waiver of compliance in any particular instance does not mean that we will waive compliance in the future.
In order for any waiver of compliance with these Public Network Terms to be binding, we must provide you with written notice of such waiver through one of our authorized representatives. h.
Headings The section and paragraph headings in these Public Network Terms are for convenience only and shall not affect their interpretation. Last update: May 21, 2018 Stack Overflow 
Questions
Jobs
Developer Jobs Directory
Salary Calculator
Help
Mobile
Disable Responsiveness
 Products 
Teams
Talent
Engagement
Enterprise
 Company 
About
Press
Work Here
Legal
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
 Stack Exchange Network 
Technology
Life / Arts
Culture / Recreation
Science
Other


Stack Overflow
Server Fault
Super User
Web Applications
Ask Ubuntu
Webmasters
Game Development


TeX - LaTeX
Software Engineering
Unix &amp.
Linux
Ask Different (Apple)
WordPress Development
Geographic Information Systems
Electrical Engineering


Android Enthusiasts
Information Security
Database Administrators
Drupal Answers
SharePoint
User Experience
Mathematica


Salesforce
ExpressionEngine® Answers
Stack Overflow em Português
Blender
Network Engineering
Cryptography
Code Review


Magento
Software Recommendations
Signal Processing
Emacs
Raspberry Pi
Stack Overflow на русском
Programming Puzzles &amp.
Code Golf


Stack Overflow en español
Ethereum
Data Science
Arduino
Bitcoin

 more (30) 



Photography
Science Fiction &amp.
Fantasy
Graphic Design
Movies &amp.
TV
Music: Practice &amp.
Theory
Worldbuilding
Seasoned Advice (cooking)


Home Improvement
Personal Finance &amp.
Money
Academia
Law

 more (15) 



English Language &amp.
Usage
Skeptics
Mi Yodeya (Judaism)
Travel
Christianity
English Language Learners
Japanese Language


Arqade (gaming)
Bicycles
Role-playing Games
Anime &amp.
Manga
Puzzling
Motor Vehicle Maintenance &amp.
Repair

 more (33) 



MathOverflow
Mathematics
Cross Validated (stats)
Theoretical Computer Science
Physics
Chemistry
Biology


Computer Science
Philosophy

 more (10) 



Meta Stack Exchange
Stack Apps
API
Data
Area 51


Blog
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn


site design / logo © 2018 Stack Exchange Inc.
user contributions licensed under cc by-sa 3.0 with attribution required.
rev 2018.8.17.31351  &lt;div id="noscript-warning"&gt;Stack Overflow works best with JavaScript enabled &lt;img src="https://pixel.quantserve.com/pixel/p-c1rF4kxgLUzNc.gif" alt="" class="dno"&gt.
&lt;/div&gt.
  Stack Exchange 
All Sites
Top Users
Newsletters
 terms of service API terms of use privacy policy content policy trademark guidance contact  Guidelines for the Use of the Stack Exchange Trademarks We believe in our core mission to "make the Internet a better place to get expert answers to your questions." We decided early on that all user-generated content in the Stack Exchange Network would be given back to the community under a Creative Commons license.
We created the Stack Exchange API as a way to allow users to write applications which use the Stack Exchange Network in new and creative ways.
With open access to use (and reuse) our services, it is important that users not be confused by our relationship with the people who use our content and our services. What this Document Covers This document is designed to establish guidelines for use of our names (copyright) and logos (trademarks).
The "names" and "logos" discussed here refer collectively to any
site or service on the Stack Exchange network and Stack Exchange Inc.
This document does not replace or waive any rights protected under Trademark or Copyright law.
Please note:

If you would like to use our trademark or name in ways not clearly covered by this document, please contact us.
If you ever stumble across anything that looks like it violates our copyright, trademark, or policies, please let us know.
Trademark and Copyright The logos associated with Stack Exchange Inc.
and any Stack Exchange site are a trademark.
The purpose of trademark law is to prevent consumers from being misled as to the origin of a product.
So if you were making a product, and you used a Stack Exchange name or logo in your product (or in its advertising) in such a way that would mislead someone into thinking that your product was owned by, operated by, endorsed by, or in any way part of Stack Exchange Inc., you would be violating the trademark and this would not be legal.
Our logo images and site names are copyrighted.
Any content on the Stack Exchange Network not contributed by users is copyrighted.
Copyright is different than trademark.
Ordinarily you couldn't copy it.
But if you were writing a news story or blog post about a Stack Exchange site, reproducing the logo image would almost certainly be considered "fair use" and allowed under trademark law because you were not using it "in trade." Naming your Product, Application, Website, or Domain Name We want you to create awesome products, applications, and web sites (collectively "products") using the Stack Exchange API .
We want people to recognize your product as an enhancement of the Stack Exchange ecosystem and use it with enthusiasm.
But Stack Exchange is the name of our company and services, so we have to be cautious about any confusion that may cause.


Do name your application with something unique.
Including one of the terms, "Stack" or "Exchange" or "Overflow" in your product name is generally okay.

Do feel free to explain that your product is built on the Stack Exchange platform so people understand your product.

Do not use our name in the name of your product.

Do not register or use a domain name containing our name (or misspellings of our name).


Do not apply for a trademark with a name that includes our own.
Design of Your Product 

Do design your product with unique branding and logos.

Do feel free  to use names or logos for the purpose of labeling our sites within your product, as long as use of such logos could not be confused with the branding or endorsement of the product itself.

Do not copy the look and feel of our products.

Do not include elements of our network that are not user-contributed content (i.e.
no copyright material).

Do not use our name, logo, or service to promote or allow fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activities.
Use of Our Name or Logo in Advertising 

Do use the most current logo where applicable and permitted.

Do use the proper name for our company, product, or service (see "Proper Use of the Stack Exchange Name" below).

Do not use our logo unless you have been granted special permission by Stack Exchange Inc.

Do not use our name or logo in a way that might imply a false sense of partnership or endorsement with your product.

Do not use any name or logo that is similar to or might be confused with our name or logo.

Do not distort or alter our logo in any way.

Do not use our logo in a way that confuses our brand with another brand.

Do not use any other artwork from our network without explicit permission.
Promoting your own Account 

Do feel free to use your profile "Flair" to reference or link to your user account.
Use of unaltered logos in the context of displaying the entire content of User Flair is generally okay.

Do use the same guidelines as "Advertising" when promoting your own account.

Do not manipulate the logos or imply sponsorship, endorsement, or false information related to your association or account on Stack Exchange.
Writing a Book About Stack Exchange 

Do make sure the title of your book makes clear that it’s a book about Stack Exchange, and not by Stack Exchange.
For example, “Learning how to use Stack Exchange” is appropriate, whereas “The Stack Exchange Guide to Q&amp;A" is not.

Do not use a confusing book title which might imply your book is endorsed or written by us.

Do not use our logo on your cover or in your title.

Do not use our name, logo, or service to promote or allow fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activities.
Merchandise/Manufactured Items We generally do not permit use of our name or logo on merchandise.


Do contact Stack Exchange Inc.
with a detailed proposal if you would like to request an exception.

Do not use the names or logos owned by Stack Exchange Inc.
on any apparel or merchandise without our permission.
Proper Use of the Stack Exchange Name There is some confusion around the proper use and context of the Stack Exchange name.
Here are some guidelines:


Stack Exchange Inc. is the official name of the company.

Stack Overflow is a programmer Q&amp;A site on the Stack Exchange Network.
As a name, Stack Overflow, is always written "Stack Overflow" (two words, capital letters). The website domain name is always written stackoverflow.com (no CamelCase, single word capitalization rules apply).
Currently, all Stack Exchange Network sites follow this convention: Server Fault (serverfault.com), Super User (superuser.com), etc.
A Stack Exchange site is a Q&amp;A website built on the technology of Stack Exchange Inc.
The phrase "Stack Exchange" is generally used as an adjective, not a noun.
One would say "Propose a Stack Exchange site on Area 51" (correct), not "Propose a Stack Exchange on Area 51" (wrong).
The Stack Exchange Network refers to the collection of Stack Exchange sites and services.

Area 51 (two words) is the site used to propose new Stack Exchange sites for the Stack Exchange Network.
The Stack Exchange API allows users to write applications based on the Stack Exchange engine.
The API is always referred to as "Stack Exchange API", even if the application is written for a specific site (i.e.
never Stack Overflow API, Server Fault API, etc.).
The Stack Exchange Blog is the company blog which talks about everything we're doing on all our sites and what the company itself is doing.

The Stack Exchange name and logos are trademarks of Stack Exchange Inc.
The names and logos for sites and products operating on the Stack Exchange network are also trademarks of Stack Exchange Inc.
 
  Stack Exchange 
All Sites
Top Users
Newsletters
 terms of service API terms of use privacy policy content policy trademark guidance contact  Stack Exchange Network Content Policy The intent of this document is to clarify what we consider to be acceptable use of any website or service provided on the Stack Exchange Network (collectively "Stack Exchange", "Network").
If you are found to be in violation of any of the below policies, you will receive a notice via email.
Unless you explain or correct your behavior within 72 hours, your account will be suspended.
We will do our best to work with you and ensure a fair outcome in all cases.
We reserve the right to immediately suspend, without notice, any content, account, or IP address which we determine to be submitting spam or other potentially damaging or disruptive content to the Network.
When your account is suspended, public access to content contributed under that account may be blocked or removed, and your account may be suspended or deleted at our discretion.
Access to other functionality or information within the Network may also be blocked or disabled.

Illegal Use. Stack Exchange may not be used for illegal purposes.
Examples of this include using Stack Exchange for fraudulent purposes or operating a phishing site (used to obtain account and password information).

Spam. Users that do not publish meaningful content, use deceptive means to generate revenue or traffic, or whose primary purpose is affiliate marketing, will be suspended.

Identity Theft and Privacy. Users that misleadingly appropriate the identity of another person are not permitted.
Users may not post other people's personally identifying or confidential information, including but not limited to credit card numbers, Social Security Numbers, and driver's and other license numbers.
You may not post information such as other people's passwords, usernames, phone numbers, addresses and e-mail addresses unless already publicly accessible on the Web.

Hate Content, Defamation, and Libel. Hate speech and other objectionable content that is unlawful, defamatory, and fraudulent.
Note that an allegation of defamatory expression, in and of itself, does not establish defamation.
The truth or falsehood of a bit of expression is a key element in establishing defamation, and we are not in a position to make that sort of fact-based judgment.
That said, if we have reason to believe that a particular statement is defamatory (a court order, for example), we will remove that statement.

Disruptions and Exploits. We will terminate accounts and block addresses of those who attempt unauthorized use of the Stack Exchange Network.

Copyright. Using copyrighted material does not constitute infringement in all cases.
In general, however, users should be careful when using copyrighted content without the permission of those who created it.
It is our policy to respond to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA").

Mass Registration and Automation. Accounts that are registered automatically or systematically will be removed and access will be permanently suspended.

Sexually Explicit Material. Accounts that use Stack Exchange to post sexually explicit or pornographic material, or links to it, will be suspended.
 
  Stack Exchange, Inc.
Official Privacy Policy Who We Are and What This Is The Stack Exchange network is a set of Q&amp;A sites dedicated to providing high-quality questions and answers, with the modest goal of making the Internet a better place.
It is owned and operated by Stack Exchange Inc.
We take the private nature of your personal information very seriously, and are committed to protecting it.
To do that, we’ve set up procedures to ensure that your information is handled responsibly and in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws.
We’re grateful for your trust, and we’ll act that way.
This privacy policy describes what information we collect when you visit the network, how we use that information, and what choices we offer you to access, update, and control it.
This version of the policy is effective as of March 8, 2017.
This policy may be revised in order to establish compliance with the forthcoming General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Privacy Shield Overview Stack Exchange complies with the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States.
Stack Exchange has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Covered entities include Stack Exchange, Inc., and Stack Exchange, Ltd.
Stack Exchange is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission / Department of Transportation.
Types of Information “Personal information” is any information that we could use to identify an individual.
It does not include personal information that is encoded or anonymized, or publicly available information that has not been combined with non-public information.
“Sensitive personal information” is information that meets the “personal information” criteria and also a) reveals race, ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, or b) concerns health or sex life, information about social security benefits, or information on criminal or administrative proceedings other than in the context of pending legal proceedings.
How We Collect Information We collect information two ways: Information we get from your use of the network, and information you provide to us directly.
Information we get from your use of the network is primarily non-personally- identifying information of the sort that web browsers, servers, and services like Google Analytics* typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the time of each visit.
Other non-identifying information that we might have access to includes how you use the service (e.g., search queries), your approximate location, cookies, etc.
We collect this non-personally identifying information in order to better understand how visitors use the service and where possible, to improve their experience.
For instance, we may monitor the most common content on the network to help identify spam.
In some cases, we may publicly display information that is not personally identifying in the aggregate, (e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the network,) or may provide it to third parties for educational or similar purposes other than for sale or profit.
When you use the network, we also collect potentially personally identifying information in the form of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.
But we don’t use that information to identify you, and we handle and disclose these addresses in the same way we handle other potentially personally identifying information as described below.
Information you provide to us directly.
Certain visitors to the network choose to interact with it in ways that may require them to provide us with personally identifying information.
The amount and type of information that is provided depends on the nature of the interaction.
For example, we ask visitors who sign up for stackoverflow.com to provide a username and email address.
Employers who engage in financial transactions with talent.stackoverflow.com are asked to provide additional information, such as the personal and financial information required to process those transactions.
We use a payment gateway to protect financial information we collect online and secure payment processors to carry out financial transactions.
We only collect as much information as is necessary or appropriate given the type of interaction.
We do not disclose personally identifying information other than as described below.
And you can always refuse to supply personally identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent you from engaging in certain activities.
If you send us a request, such as emailing us for support, we reserve the right to publish it (absent any personally identifying information) in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or help other users.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
We use cookies to help us track visitors’ use of the network and their preferences.
If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer, you should set your browser to refuse cookies, but should be aware that certain features of the network may not function properly without them.
If you are outside the United States, you should know that any personally identifiable information you enter into the network will be transferred out of your country and into the United States, and possibly to other countries.
By using the network, you consent to such transfer, and are representing that you have the right to transfer such information outside your country.
We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
If you believe that a child has provided us with personally identifiable information without the consent of his or her parent or guardian, please contact us at team@stackexchange.com.
If we become aware that a child under age 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we’ll delete it.
Information You Choose to Display Publicly on the Network Some users may elect to publicly post personally identifying or sensitive information about themselves in their normal use of the network.
This could occur through use of the optional profile fields, in question or answer posts, or when an individual posts a job history on the Jobs site.
Information like that, which is voluntarily posted in publicly visible parts of the network, is considered to be public, even if it would otherwise be considered to be personally identifying or sensitive.
As such, it is not subject to the protocols listed below, because we don’t control it.
you do.
Additionally, voluntarily publicizing such information means that you lose any privacy rights you might normally have with regards to that information.
It also increases your chances of receiving unwanted communications, like spam.
Information You Give to Other People This Policy only applies to information collected by Stack Exchange.
It does not apply to the practices of companies that we don’t own or control, or employees that we don’t manage.
The network contains links to third party websites, and any information you provide to those sites will be covered by any privacy policies they may have.
Please be sure to read the privacy policies of any third-party sites you visit.
It is those sites’ responsibility to protect any information you give them, so we can’t be held liable for their wrongful use of your personally identifying information.
How We Use Information We Collect Notice – Notice is what this Policy that you’re reading is all about.
You are reading it, right? It’s important! When we collect your personal information, we’ll tell you how we’re using it, any types of third parties to which we might disclose it, (other than moderators or “agents,” such as vendors or contractors, who are only processing such information for us or at our direction), and the choices we offer you to limit the use of your information.
Notice will be provided in clear and conspicuous language when you are first asked to provide us with personal information, or as soon as practicable thereafter, and we’ll notify you before we use the information for something other than the purpose for which it was originally collected.
If anything in this Policy seems unclear, please don’t hesitate to contact us at team@stackexchange.com, so we can address your question and possibly clarify this document.
Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may occasionally need to change this Policy.
If we do update it, we’ll notify you either by posting the new policy on the network or by emailing you the changes or a link to the modified document.
(See the “Choice” section below for information about how we’ll notify you if we change our policy regarding sensitive information.) In any case, the way we use information you provide will be covered by the privacy policy that was in effect at the time it was collected.
Here are some of the ways we may use personal information you provide us:

To allow you to register for our web sites, online communities and other services, and to administer and process those registrations
To communicate with you about our products, services and related issues
To evaluate the quality of our products and services, and to enhance your experience on our web sites
To help employers find or contact users who post profiles on the Jobs site
To maintain and administer our web sites and comply with our legal or internal obligations and policies
To transfer information to others as described in this policy or to satisfy our legal, regulatory, compliance, or auditing requirements

Choice – Choice is all about making sure you have the ability to control how we share your personal information with others.
We want you to be in control of your own data disclosure.
To that end, we allow anonymous and pseudonymous participation, allow you to disable several features from public share settings, and to personalize your data features and share settings at: https://stackoverflow.com/users/prediction-data.
We almost never share any of your personal information with non-agent third parties, with one exception, where you basically are asking us to do so: Users who post profiles on our Jobs site are generally doing so for the express purpose of getting connected with potential employers.
So, if you post a profile on our Jobs site, and choose to make your profile visible to employers, your name (which is required) and most of the other (optional) information in your profile will be visible to employers searching for candidates.
That said, your contact information (email, phone, and address) will not be provided to employers in their candidate searches.
We will only allow employers to have access to your contact information in two cases, both of which are under your control: 
If you apply directly for a specific job, you will be asked to provide your name and email address (and other optional information) to the employer
If an employer finds you through a search and wants to contact you, we will ask if you are interested in hearing from them, and if you are, we will then provide them with your contact information.

 Other than on Jobs, we won’t share your personal information with non-agent third parties unless we are required to do so by law, or if we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect our property, rights or those of third parties or the public at large.
It is possible that we may, on occasion, buy or sell assets from or to other companies.
If that should occur, user information is typically one of the assets that get transferred.
Similarly, if Stack Exchange or most of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information could be transferred or acquired.
You should be aware that such events can occur, and that if it does, the buyer may continue to use your personal and non-personal information, but only as set forth in this policy.
Other than in these rare circumstances, Stack Exchange will not rent or sell potentially personally identifying information to anyone.
It’s hard to imagine that we would ever consider collecting, let alone sharing, sensitive information with a non-agent third party, but if such a day should come, we will first give you the opportunity to explicitly consent (opt-in) to such disclosure or to any use of the information for a purpose other than the one for which it was originally collected or previously authorized.
If you are a registered user of the network and have supplied your email address, we may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with the network.
We generally use the network to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of communication to a minimum.
If we do send you information that you did not expressly request, we will provide you with a way to request that you don’t get any similar notices (opt-out).
Onward Transfer – Prior to providing agents with any personal information, we will obtain assurances that they will safeguard it in accordance with this policy.
Examples of assurances that may be provided include: 
A commitment that they will handle in the information in accordance with this policy, or will provide the same level of protection, as required by the Privacy Shield IP/16/216.

Privacy Shield certification by the agent, or being subject to another European Commission adequacy finding.
 In the unlikely event that we should discover that an agent is using personal information in way that conflicts with this policy, we will take all reasonable steps to stop them immediately.
In cases of onward transfer to third parties of data of EU and Swiss individuals received pursuant to the EU-US Privacy Shield, Stack Exchange remains liable.
Security – All records containing personal or financial information are considered to be our property and are afforded confidential treatment at all times.
We work hard to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of personal or financial information.
All such electronic information is stored on restricted database servers, and is generally kept until such time as you may ask us to edit or delete it, as described below.
We only disclose such information to our employees, agents or affiliates that a) need to know that information in order to process it for us or to provide other services, b) have agreed not to disclose it to others, and c) in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Data Integrity – In addition to assuring you that we will protect your personal information, we also want to make sure that it is reliable, accurate, and up-to-date.
In order to do that, we provide: Access – Upon request, we will provide you with reasonable access to the personal information we collect about you.
You will have the opportunity to correct, update, modify or delete this information by sending an e-mail to team@stackexchange.com.
Please note that some information may remain in our records even after you request deletion of your information as permitted by the Privacy Shield Principles.
Additionally, there may be limits to the amount of information we can practically provide.
For example, we may limit an individual’s access to personal information where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy or where doing so would violate others’ rights.
Enforcement – We will conduct internal audits of our compliance with this privacy policy, including an annual self-assessment.
Our employees take your privacy as seriously as we do, and we will take all reasonable measures against any employee found to be in violation of this policy.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Stack Exchange, Inc.
and covered affiliates and subsidiaries commit to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.
EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact us (Stack Exchange, Inc.) at: team@stackexchange.com.
Stack Exchange, Inc.
has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to the PrivacyTrust Shield Program, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United Kingdom.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit https://www.privacytrust.com/drs/stackexchange OR PrivacyTrust, Communications House, 26 York Street, London, W1U 6PZ, for more information or to file a complaint.
The services of PrivacyTrust Privacy Shield Program are provided at no cost to you.
Alternatively, if you are unhappy with how we deal with your complaint, or the outcome of our resolution, you may by right invoke binding arbitration or refer your complaint to a data panel.
How to Contact Us If you have any questions about this policy or our site in general, please contact us at team@stackexchange.com.
Our Data Protection Officer is Adam Francoeur.
Written Inquiries can be sent to:  Stack Exchange, Inc. Attn: Adam Francoeur 110 William St, 28th Floor New York, NY 10038 USA  Employees’ &amp.
Prospective Employees’ Information In accordance with the Privacy Shield principles, Stack Exchange, Inc., commits to cooperate with EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship.

 This section covers any ways in which personal information we collect from employees or applicants might be treated differently than user information.
You can probably stop here if you not an employee or interested in applying for a job with Stack Exchange.
But maybe you should be interested: Who wouldn’t want to work with an amazingly talented team dedicated to making the Internet a better place to get expert answers to questions, especially at a company with free lunches, top-notch benefits, and a CEO who has literally written the book on how to make great workplaces for building amazing software.
The more I think about it, the more I think maybe you should click here after all: https://stackexchange.com/about/hiring.
And if you do, be sure to review the following non-comprehensive list of ways that we may use information provided to us by employees or applicants: 
Responding to inquiries in connection with prospective employment at Stack Exchange, and processing employment applications 
Carrying out human resources functions like training, career / succession planning, administering contracts, evaluating employees, and providing benefits 
Enabling Stack Exchange and its employees to contact each other by telephone fax, e-mail or “snail mail” 
Administering compensation, bonus and other employment needs 
Arranging employees’ travel plans
Maintaining building security and employee health and safety 
Running internal administrative analytics, such as staffing, headcount and statistics initiatives 
Complying with our legal obligations, policies and procedures
Transferring personal information to others as required by our legal, regulatory, compliance and auditing needs
 * Google Analytics is a registered trademark of Google, Inc.
  Stack Exchange 
All Sites
Top Users
Newsletters
 terms of service API terms of use privacy policy content policy trademark guidance contact  Stack Exchange APIs Terms of Use Accepting the Terms of Use The Stack Exchange application programming interfaces (the “API Services”) are a set of programming interfaces which allow you to programatically query and connect to the Stack Exchange Network.
Applications (“Applications”) are code, programs or other interfaces which connect to the API Services.
Please read these terms of use (“API Agreement”) carefully before using the API Services.
By using or accessing the API Services, you agree to become bound by all the terms and conditions of this API Agreement as well as the Stack Exchange Terms of Service.
If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this API Agreement, do not use the API Services.
Stack Exchange reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify these API Terms of Use at any time by posting revised API Terms of Use.
The API Services are accessed by You (“Subscriber” or “You”) under the following terms and conditions: 1.
API Attribution All Applications must ensure they visually indicate that the Stack Exchange Network is the source of the content provided through the API Services (section 3a of the Stack Exchange Terms of Service).
Applications which may in any way be indexed by search engines must adhere to all Attribution rules defined in the Stack Exchange Terms of Service.
For applications that lack access to web browsing services, simple text versions of URLs (instead of hyperlinks) will be sufficient.
Exceptions to these attribution rules must be requested in advance of deploying any Applications. 2.
Stack Exchange Trademark and Brand Guidelines Stack Exchange Inc.
logos, branding, and other copyrighted content returned by the API may be used unmodified for the purposes of identification (ie.
identifying content on Stack Overflow with the Stack Overflow logo).
Other uses of Stack Exchange Inc.
content are subject to the Stack Exchange Trademark Guidelines. 3.
Termination Stack Exchange may terminate or suspend any and all access to API Services immediately, without prior notice or liability, if You breach any of the terms or conditions of this API Agreement.
Upon termination of access, Your right to use the API Services will immediately cease.
All provisions of this API Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability.
Termination of Your access to and use of the API Services shall not relieve you of any obligations arising or accruing prior to such termination or limit any liability which You otherwise may have to Stack Exchange or the API Services, including without limitation any indemnification obligations contained herein.
 
