 About Privacy ❮ Previous
Next ❯ Privacy Statement for W3Schools
The following statements describes the privacy practices for
W3Schools:

We do not collect any personal information from our users
Visits are logged for aggregate statistics and diagnosis
Security settings protect the misuse of sensitive information
Personal User Information
W3Schools requires no user registration.
Users are free to visit W3Schools, and navigate all its pages.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies, like almost all websites.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites, to help provide you with the best experience we can.
Our cookies help us:

Improve the speed of the site
Continuously improve our website for you
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
Offer you free services/content (by advertising)
Make our marketing more efficient (helping us keep the site free to use)

We do not use cookies to:

Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pay sales commissions

You can learn more about all the cookies we use below
Granting us permission to use cookies
If your browser is adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this.
Should you wish to deactivate cookies, you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that your browser will not work as you would expect on most web pages.
Social Website Cookies
Cookies are used by social websites (like Facebook and Twitter) so you can easily Like or share our content with the sharing buttons on our site.
The privacy implications on this will vary from the different social websites and are dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on these networks. Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g.
Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn't working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc.
This helps us to continuously improve our website.
These analytics programs also tell us if how people reached this site (e.g.
from a search engine) and whether they have been here before helping us to put more money into developing our services for you instead of marketing spend.

We use:

Google Analytics - Privacy Policy owned by Google
Advertising Cookies
Cookies are widely used in online advertising.
Neither us, advertisers or our advertising partners can gain personally identifiable information from these cookies.

You can learn more about online advertising, or opt-out of almost all advertising cookies at https://www.youronlinechoices.com.

Note: Opting out of advertising cookies will not disable ads, they will just no longer be tailored to you.
We use:

DoubleClick - Privacy Policy owned by Google 
33across.com
adform.com
adtech.com
advertising.com
amazon-adsystem.com
aolcloud.net
appnexus.com
beachfront.com
brightcom.com
contextweb.com
conversantmedia.com
districtm.io
freewheel.tv
fyber.com
imonomy.com
improvedigital.com
indexexchange.com
lijit.com
lkqd.com
lkqd.net
openx.com
pubmatic.com
rhythmone.com
rubiconproject.com
sekindo.com
smartadserver.com
smartclip.net
sonobi.com
sovrn.com
spotx.tv
spotxchange.com
synacor.com
yldbt.com
Advertisements
We fund our site by showing adverts as you browse our site.
These adverts are usually managed by a partner specializing in providing adverts for multiple sites.
Invariably these partners place cookies to collect anonymous data about the websites you visits so they can personalize the adverts to you, ensure that you don't see the same adverts too frequently and ultimately report to advertisers on which adverts are working.
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies.
Your browser help function will tell you how.
Doing so however will limit the functionality of most of the world's websites as cookies are a standard part of websites.
Using Google Drive in our Tryit Editor
Our Tryit Editor allows users to store code to, or import code from, Google Drive.
This allows users to:

Store examples/code to their Google Drive
Share examples/code through Google Drive

W3Schools does not keep for ourselves, or share this information with third parties.
Links
W3Schools contains links to other sites.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
This privacy document applies only to W3Schools.
Contacting the Web Site
For any questions about this privacy statement, please contact:



❮ Previous
Next ❯
  About Copyright ❮ Previous
Next ❯ USE OF W3SCHOOLS IMPLIES AN AGREEMENT TO THE FOLLOWING:
Copyright Information
All pages and graphics on this web site are the property of the company Refsnes Data.
Pages, code or other content from W3Schools may not be redistributed or reproduced in any way, shape,
or form without the written
permission of Refsnes Data.
Failure to do so is a violation of copyright laws.
Fair Use
Fair use defines W3Schools' exceptions to the rights protected by copyright laws.
Fair use of W3Schools includes using copyrighted material:

In research
In news reporting
In citations
In commentary

Fair use of W3Schools also includes: 

Linking to W3Schools 
Adding W3Schools to search engines
Library archiving W3Schools
Using W3Schools in Teaching
Fair use includes using copyrighted material in teaching under this balancing:
Favorable Use:

Copying examples and code snippets for non-profit teaching and research.
Copying small quantities, appropriate for classroom teaching.
Not Favorable Use:

Copying for profitable or commercial use.
Massive or verbatim copying.
Copying large quantities.
Linking to W3Schools
Any Web site may link to any of the pages on W3Schools.
However, pages from
W3Schools may not be embedded in a frame from the referring site, without the written permission of
Refsnes Data.
Warranties
W3Schools is provided without warranty of any kind.
There are no guarantees
that use of the site will not be subject to interruptions.
All direct or
indirect risk related to use of the site is borne entirely by the user.
All code
provided by W3Schools is provided as examples without warranties to performance,
fitness, merchantability, and/or any other warranty (whether expressed or
implied).
W3Schools may contain inaccuracies or errors.
Refsnes Data makes no
guarantees regarding the accuracy of the site or its contents.
If you discover
that the site or its contents contains errors, please contact us so these can be
corrected.
Contact address:


Linked Sites
W3Schools contains links to other sites.
Refsnes Data is not responsible for
any content that appears on these linked sites.
Your Conduct
While using this site, you agree to have read and accepted all the
information on this page.

❮ Previous
Next ❯
