 
Last updated November 6, 2017


 Content guidelines These types of sites are not allowed on Weebly:


Adult:  involving nudity in a sexual context, exposed genitalia or adult themes

Copyrighted Content:  music, movies or games that you do not own the rights to

Hate Speech: content that promotes violence or incites hatred against certain individuals or groups, such as race, religion, ethnicity, gender, or sexual orientation.
The foregoing are examples, and not meant to constitute an exhaustive list of individuals or groups that may be the target of hate speech.

Spam/SEO:  a site whose sole purpose is to gain Google ranking, Facebook "likes", etc

Phishing:  a site meant to trick users into providing their username and password

Illegal Content:  content which may be illegal in the United States or under the laws of other countries

Scams:  get rich quick, pyramid/MLM, or other dubious schemes

Excessive Advertising:  placing excessive advertising on your site, including more than three ad units per page

File Hosting:  including sites that are not created with the Weebly editor

Injurious Experience:  sites using the "Custom HTML" element that provide a horrible user experience, such as extreme flashing banners, excessive animated movement, or content that could provoke seizures in unsuspecting visitors

Illegal/Inappropriate Products: sites that offer or sell items that are illegal, weapons, counterfeit, stolen, fraudulent, infringing, violate rights of privacy/publicity, offensive, pornographic, or manufactured/intended to be weapons

This list is a quick reference and is not meant to be complete.
For more specific information, please read carefully the Terms below. 1.
Acceptance of terms Welcome to Weebly, Inc.'s (“Weebly”) website creation service.
Your use and access to the website hosting services, websites, communication tools, mobile applications, and ecommerce tools and other services (collectively the “Service”) that are available through the website and associated domains of http://weebly.com (the “Site”) is subject to these Terms of Service ("Terms").
These Terms are the entire agreement between you and Weebly, Inc.
These Terms will also apply when you use the Service on a trial basis.
By using the Service in any way, you agree to and accept these Terms, our Privacy Notice, and any other legal notices or guidelines posted on the Site.
If you are using our Service for an organization, you are agreeing to these Terms on behalf of that organization.
If you do not agree to these Terms, do not use the Service. 2.
Description of service Our web-based Service allows users who register for an account (each an "Account Holder") to create and update an online web site.
Once registered, each Account Holder receives his or her own Web Site and may post "Content" (defined in Section 8).
Any new features on the Service, including the release of new Weebly tools and resources, shall be subject to these Terms.
To use the Service, you must have access to the Internet, either directly or through devices that access web-based content, and you must pay any fees associated with Internet access.
In addition, you must provide all equipment necessary to make such connection to the Internet, including a web-enabled computer.
The Service may include certain communications from us, such as service announcements, administrative messages, and the Weebly Newsletter.
These communications are considered part of Weebly membership.
You may not access the Service by any means other than through the Service interfaces we provide you. 3.
Registration To register as an Account Holder, you must provide us with a valid email address and other information ("Registration Data").You will choose a password and account designation for your web sites during the registration process and you will obtain a Weebly ID.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and for all activities that occur under your account.
In consideration of use of the Service, you agree to maintain and update true, accurate, current and complete Registration Data.
If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or if Weebly has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we may suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service or any portion thereof.
Individuals under the age of 13 are prohibited from creating or using accounts through Weebly.com.
Students under the age of 13 may, however, use Weebly through special student accounts created by their teachers through education.weebly.com, provided the teacher has obtained signed parental consent from the student's parents. 4.
Weebly Privacy Notice Our Privacy Notice, which is part of these Terms, describes how we collect, protect, and use your Registration Data and certain other information about you.
We encourage you to read the Privacy Notice, and to use the information it contains to help you make informed decisions. 5.
Website account and security You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and web site, for all activities that occur or actions taken under the account or in connection with the web site.
You agree to immediately notify us in writing of any unauthorized uses of the account or any other breaches of security.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation.
You acknowledge and agree that under no circumstances will we be liable, in any way, for any of your acts or omissions or those of any third party, including damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions. 6.
Proprietary Rights The Service, all confidential and proprietary software used in connection with the Service, Materials, content contained in sponsor advertisements or in information presented to you through the Service or by advertisers, and all other materials and services provided by or through Weebly are owned by us or other parties that have licensed their materials, content, or provided services to us, and are protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property laws.

 “Materials” means any necessary software, all informational text, software documentation, design of and "look and feel," layout, photographs, graphics, audio, video, messages, interactive and instant messaging, design and functions, files, documents, images, or other materials, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, as well as all derivative works thereof.

 Weebly gives you permission to use the Materials to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to access and use the Service in accordance with these Terms.
This permission does not permit you to store, copy, reproduce, republish, modify, upload, post, translate, scrape, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, transfer, transmit, display, decompile, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, decipher or otherwise attempt to discover any programming code or any source code used in or with the Materials, or otherwise distribute in any way the Materials other than as specifically permitted in these Terms.
You may not sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise attempt to transfer any right in the Service or Materials, create derivative works based on or in any manner commercially exploit the Service or Materials, in whole or in part, other than as expressly permitted in these Terms.
Any use of the Service or Materials for any purpose other than as specifically permitted herein or without our prior consent or the prior written consent of our licensors or advertisers, as applicable, is expressly prohibited.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted in these Terms.

 All trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans, and taglines (individually and collectively, “Mark” or “Marks”) are the property of Weebly or their respective owners.
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, no license or right to use any Mark is granted without the express written permission of Weebly or the respective third-party Mark owner.

 We do not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through the Service or by email.
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by an authorized Weebly representative, any material, information or idea you transmit to us by any means may be disseminated or used by us or our affiliates without compensation or liability to you for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products.
However, this provision does not apply to Content or to personal information that is subject to our Privacy Notice. 7.
Your rights in your content Weebly does not claim ownership of your Content, but you give us your permission to host your Content on the Service.
This permission exists only for as long as you continue to use the Service or remain an Account Holder. 8.
Content and conduct rules and obligations All information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, goods, products, services or other materials you post on a web site via the Service ("Content") are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated.
You are responsible for all Content that you upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service.
We do not control the Content you post via the Service.
Your Content does not include non-personally identifiable buyer/seller transaction or behavioral data derived from the use of Weebly’s eCommerce platform (collectively, “Platform Data”).
Weebly owns all Platform Data and uses it for Service operations, improvements, and analytics.
You are also responsible for creating back-up copies of your Content.
By using the Service, you may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable.
Under no circumstances will we be liable for your Content or the content of any third party, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in your Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service.
You acknowledge that we do not pre-screen Content, but that we shall have the right (but not the obligation) to refuse, move or delete any Content that is available via the Service.
We shall also have the right to remove any Content that violates these Terms or is otherwise objectionable in our sole discretion.
You must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content.
You may not rely on any Content created by us.
You acknowledge and agree that we may preserve Content and may also disclose Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process.
(b) enforce these Terms.
(c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties.
or (d) protect our rights, property, or personal safety and those of our users and the public.
The technical processing and transmission of the Service, including Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks.
and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. You will not: 
upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that: 
is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy (up to, but not excluding any address, email, phone number, or any other contact information without the written consent of the owner of such information), hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, rights of privacy or publicity, or other proprietary rights of any party (e.g., music, movies, images, e-books, or games you do not own the rights to);
is unsolicited commercial email or "spam".
This includes unethical marketing, advertising, or any other practice that is in any way connected with "spam", such as (i) sending mass email to recipients who haven't requested email from you or with a fake return address, (ii) promoting a site with inappropriate links, titles, descriptions, or (iii) promoting your site by posting multiple submissions in public forums that are identical;
contains software viruses, worms, Trojan horses or any other computer code, files, or programs that interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of the Service, computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or may impact the ability of any Weebly user to access the Service;
is intended to take advantage of a user such as "get rich quick," "get paid to surf," pyramid/multi-level marketing, or other dubious schemes.
or
is adult in nature, such as any nudity in a sexual context or any Content with adult themes or reveals exposed genitalia;


harm minors in any way;
"stalk," “bully,” or otherwise harass another;
impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Weebly official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service;
interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of networks connected to the Service;
intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, federal or foreign laws or regulations.
You must comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.
If you use the Site, the Service, or the Materials outside the United States of America, you are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws, including without limitation, rules regarding acceptable online conduct, data privacy, and export and import regulations of other countries;
promote or provide instructional information about illegal activities, promote physical harm or injury against any group or individual, or promote any act of cruelty to animals.
This may include, without limitation, providing instructions on how to assemble bombs, grenades and other weapons or incendiary devices;
use the Service as a forwarding service to another web site or to fraudulently manipulate Google or other SEO ranking or Facebook or other social networking or website “likes” and similar voting mechanisms;
solicit a third party’s passwords or personal identifying information for unlawful or phishing purposes;
exceed the scope of the Service that you have signed up for (e.g., by accessing and using the tools that you do not have a right to use, or deleting, adding to, or otherwise changing other user comments or content);
include more than three ad units per page, or any advertising that greatly reduces the usability of the Site;
upload files for the sole purpose of having them hosted by us and for use outside of a web site created using the Service (i.e., created with the Weebly editor);
create a web site that provides an injurious user experience with custom programming.
Examples include, but are not limited to, extreme flashing banners, excessive animated movement, or content that could provoke seizures in unsuspecting visitors;
use, under any circumstance, any open source software subject to the GNU Affero General Public License v.3, or greater.
or
Abuse our customer support email, chat, or telephone services or agents.

We retain the right to terminate any account or user who has violated any of the above prohibitions. 9.
Selling Through Weebly Some of our Services and Materials may offer you the opportunity to sell or purchase goods and services through sites hosted or designed by Weebly (such goods and services, “Commercial Products”).
We are merely providing the platform for buyers and sellers to conduct transactions for these Commercial Products.
In order to sell through Weebly, you must be 18 years or older or at least the age of majority where you reside or from where you use our Services and you must provide your full legal name, current address, valid email address, and any other information requested by us.
In the event of a dispute regarding account ownership, we reserve the right to request documentation to determine or confirm account ownership.
Documentation may include, but is not limited to, a scanned copy of your business license, government issued photo ID, the last four digits of the credit card on file, etc.

 When a buyer purchases Commercial Products, payments will be processed through our third party payment service provider.
Buyers of Commercial Products will be provided a notice when entering their payment information directing them to the third party payment service provider’s terms of service and privacy policy.
These payment services are governed solely by the third party provider’s terms of service and privacy policy.
We are not responsible for the actions of these third party service providers.
In addition to the other rules and requirements described in these Terms, you must follow the rules listed below when offering, selling, or purchasing Commercial Products.
 YOU WILL NOT: 
offer or sell any Commercial Products that: 
are illegal or potentially illegal, including those that are counterfeited, stolen, or fraudulent.
Commercial Products sold using the Services must comply with all applicable laws, including Commercial Products sold to individuals outside of the U.S.;
infringe or have the potential to infringe the intellectual property or privacy rights of another or that may be libelous, slanderous, or otherwise defamatory;
we determine, in our discretion, are inappropriate, offensive, pornographic, sexually explicit, or violent.
or
are manufactured as, or primarily intended to be used as, weapons, including firearms, restricted devices, or ammunition.
We reserve the right to determine, in our sole discretion, whether Commercial Products constitutes “weapons” for purposes of these Terms.
or


use images or names of any third party (including notable personalities or celebrities) when offering or selling Commercial Products without first obtaining that third party’s permission.
10.
Fees/payment You may agree to a one (1) month, six (6) month, twelve (12) month or twenty-four (24) month contract agreement with Weebly.
Some of the features on the Service require payment of fees, as described for each Service on the Site (“Fees”).
If you sign up for these features, you must pay all applicable feature Fees.
We reserve the right to change our prices and/or bundle certain parts of the Service together for pricing purposes, and may do so at any time.
You authorize us to make any reasonably necessary inquiries to validate your account and financial information.

 All Fees are in USD and are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by taxing authorities, and you are responsible for payment thereof.
If you purchase any Services that we offer for a Fee, you consent to Weebly, or our third party service providers, storing your payment card information and you authorize us to charge you (a) any Fees for Services you may purchase, and (b) any applicable taxes in connection with your use of the Services to the payment card you provide, and you will reimburse us for all collection costs and interest for any overdue amounts.
If the payment card you provide expires and you do not provide new payment card information or cancel your account, you authorize us to continue billing you and you will remain responsible for any uncollected Fees.

 AT THE END OF THE CONTRACT TERM, YOUR CONTRACT WILL AUTOMATICALLY RENEW FOR AN ADDITIONAL CONTRACT TERM UNTIL EXPLICITLY CANCELLED BY YOU, AND YOUR PREFERRED PAYMENT METHOD WILL BE CHARGED ACCORDINGLY.
YOU MAY TURN OFF THE AUTO-RENEW FEATURE FOR YOUR CURRENT CONTRACT AT ANY TIME.
YOU MAY SEND CANCELLATION REQUESTS BY EMAILING HTTP://HC.WEEBLY.COM OR BY CALLING OUR HELP CENTER AT ANY TIME.
 11.
Cancellation.
Service Changes  If you cancel the Service, your cancellation will take effect immediately.
After cancellation, you will no longer have access to your web site and we may delete all information on your web site.
We accept no liability for such deleted information or content.

 For as long as we continue to offer the Service, we will provide and seek to update, improve, and expand the Service.
As a result, we allow you to access the Service as it may exist and be available on any given day and have no other obligations, except as expressly stated in these Terms.
We may modify (e.g., change data storage or capacity limits), replace, refuse access to, suspend or discontinue the Service, partially or entirely, or change and modify prices for all or part of the Services we offer in our sole discretion.
All of these changes are effective upon their posting on our site or by direct communication to you unless otherwise noted.
We further reserve the right to withhold, remove and or discard any Content available as part of your account, with or without notice if deemed by us to be contrary to these Terms.
For avoidance of doubt, we have no obligation to store, maintain, or provide you a copy of any Content that you or others provide when using the Service.
We also reserve the right to limit or cease phone or chat support to you if you consume a disproportionate amount of such customer services or otherwise negatively affect our ability to provide support to other customers (as determined in our sole discretion).
 12.
Money Back Guarantee All paid Weebly accounts, except month-to-month accounts, include a 30-day money back guarantee.
If you are dissatisfied with such account service for any reason, you can receive a full refund if you cancel your account within 30 days of activation, or within 30 days of your contract being renewed.
Please direct refund requests to http://hc.weebly.com with the subject line: Refund Request.
At any time during your contract term, you may upgrade or downgrade your service with Weebly.
In the event of a service downgrade, a prorated credit will be issued to your Weebly account for the difference in the cost of the two services for the remainder of your original contract term.
This credit will be applied to future months of service with Weebly, and cannot be refunded to you in cash.
Downgrading your account may cause the loss of Content, features, or capacity of your account.
We do not accept any liability for such loss.
 13.
Third Party Services, Software, and Websites.
No Implied Endorsement  Weebly is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage incurred as a result of your use of any third party’s service, product, software, content, or website (collectively, “Third Party Materials”) whether or not you were linked to or directed to any Third Party Materials through the Site.
Third Party Materials, such as email, e-commerce and payment services including but not limited to, Authorize.net, PayPal, Square, and Stripe payment options, may be subject to the applicable third party terms of service and privacy policies, and you are solely responsible for reviewing, agreeing to, and complying with any such terms before you use any Third Party Materials.
Your use of any Third Party Materials is at your own discretion and risk.
If you do not agree to the third party’s terms of service or license agreement, do not download or use the Third Party Materials.
Your use of any Third Party Materials obtained through the Service does not transfer to you any rights, title, or interest in or to the Third Party Materials beyond the terms contained in the third party provider's terms of service or license.
Any reference on the Site to any Third Party Materials is not an approval or endorsement by us of such Third Party Materials.

 Third Party Payment Processors: Weebly uses third party payment processors to assist us in securely processing your personally identifiable payment information.
Such third party processors’ use of your personal information is governed by their respective privacy policies which may or may not contain privacy protections as protective as the Weebly Privacy Notice.
Payments are currently processed and managed using the third party vendors below.
We will inform you which payment processors are used when processing your payments.


Authorize.net - privacy policy
PayPal - privacy policy
Square - privacy policy
Stripe - privacy policy
Apple Pay - privacy policy
Android Pay - privacy policy

 Apple Pay and Android Pay are automatically activated for users who have selected Stripe as their payment processor.
If you do not wish to accept Apple Pay or Android Pay as a payment type, it is your responsibility to deactivate Apple Pay and/or Android Pay.
You can deactivate these payment options in your Store checkout settings.
Your use of Apple Pay and Android Pay constitutes your acceptance of Apple Pay’s Acceptable Use Guidelines and/or Google/Android Pay’s (API) Terms of Service.
 14.
Themes If you choose, you may contribute website themes ("Custom Themes") to the Service for use by other users.
You hereby grant and agree to grant us an exclusive, perpetual, sublicensable, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free right and license to use, copy, modify, and create derivative works of any Custom Themes contributed by you to the Service, including the HTML code and associated media assets. 15.
Designer Platform Terms If you use our Designer Platform Service to design a web site (a “Client Website”) for a third party (your “Client”), your use of the Service shall be subject to these additional terms.

Your relationship with your Client is strictly between you and the Client.
We will not be a party to any agreement you have with your Client.
The manner and means that you choose to perform your services are in your sole discretion and control.
however you agree to perform these services in a timely and professional manner, consistent with industry practice and in conformance with these Terms.

You accept full responsibility for all Client Websites under your account and for each Client Website’s adherence to these Terms.
While we intend to allow you to resell the service under a private label, this private label is in no way guaranteed and we will in no way be held responsible for any failure to maintain its private label.
 In the event your Client contacts us, we will direct them to contact you.
In the event you fail to support your Client and we receive a request from your Client stating that you have not been responsive, we reserve the right to support your Client directly.
Payments for your use of the Designer Platform Service are calculated on a per website basis.
Each Client Website under your account that’s published live to a Client’s domain will incur monthly service charges.
These service charges are billed to the credit card on file for your Weebly account.
Service charges are billed each month for the upcoming month’s service, based on the total service charges of all Client Websites.
If a new Client Website is published mid-month, a pro-rated amount will be included on your next month’s invoice.
No refunds will be given for any days remaining in your current billing cycle.
You understand and agree that you, as the Account Holder, are ultimately responsible for payment for every Client Website under your account.
If, at any time, the billing obligations of any Client Website are not met, we will have the right to disable the Client Website until the billing obligation is met.
16.
Resale of Service You will not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, or exploit any portion of the Service without our express written permission, which may be in the form of a separate written agreement with Weebly (such as the Weebly Cloud Agreement).

 Weebly is often used by Designers to design websites for a third party.
Such use is explicitly permitted under the Designer Platform terms above.
Should you design websites for third parties on any other version of Weebly, such sites must each have their own account controlled by the third party, and you may not group multiple client sites under one account owned by you.
 17.
Domain Name Registration, Domain Name Cancellation, and Change of Registrar For the domain name registration services (the “Domain Services”) provided directly to you by Weebly, the following terms and conditions also apply.
Your use of the Domain Services provided by Weebly serves as your consent to these terms.
Some of the service packages include Weebly registering an Internet domain name or renewing your existing domain name (the “Domain Name”) on your behalf.
For the purpose of procuring and/or maintaining domains, Weebly will act only as the agent between you and the organization responsible for domain name allocation (the “Registrar”), which will be Register.com.
All new registrations and subsequent renewals of those registrations will therefore also be subject to the Register.com terms and conditions located at: http://www.register.com/policy/servicesagreement.rcmx.
Weebly reserves the right to utilize another domain name service provider at any time, in which case the terms and condition of such organization will apply complementarily to these Domain Terms.

 Weebly may provide one (1) free domain name for up to one year, with a new purchase of an annual or bi-annual subscription plan.
The domain will be included for the lifetime of your Weebly account, and the domain will be registered in your name and is yours to keep, as long as you cover any applicable domain registration fees following the first year.
The free domain name only applies to certain top-level domains (e.g.
.com, .net, and .org) when signing up for a new plan.

 You are responsible for providing correct and complete data regarding the domain name holder (“Registrant”) and the administrative contact when registering the domain name.
The technical contact in all cases will be Weebly, Inc.
Before applying for a domain name, it is your responsibility to check that the domain name does not violate the rights of any third party or contravene existing legislation.
We may defer activation of a domain name until payment of the agreed fees for the registration services has been received.
Weebly is in no position to influence the allocation of the domain name by the Registrar.
We can neither guarantee that the requested domain names will be allocated to you and/or that allocated domain names are free of third-party rights nor guarantee their continued existence.
Any information we provide regarding the availability of a domain name is based on the data provided by third parties and only refers to the time that information is requested.
The domain will not be deemed as allocated before registration of the domain in the name of you, the Registrant, and its entry in the database of the Registrar.

 The initial registration term for purchased domains may vary and such registration will auto-renew for successive 12-month periods.
You will be charged for auto-renewal forty-five (45) calendar days before your domain expires (even if that date differs from your Weebly website subscription renewal date).
You can, of course, opt out of auto-renewal by turning off the auto-renew option in your settings at any time before the auto-renewal takes effect.
Each purchased domain name is registered in your name and is yours to keep, as long as you pay the applicable fees.
If you purchase a new domain, or renew an existing domain, and cancel your purchase within the first thirty (30) days by contacting http://hc.weebly.com, you may receive a full refund.
Your right and title to your domain name allows you to transfer a purchased domain to another domain provider.
however, you will not be eligible for a refund of registration fees paid to Weebly for transferred domains.
Regardless of the identity of the Registrant or any other contact information in your domain name records, any domain name registered through Weebly using your Weebly account is covered by these Terms.

 Maintaining accurate and current billing information is a mandatory condition of maintaining your Weebly account.
Such data must include the full and real name of the Registrant, a physical mailing address (PO boxes or anonymous addresses are not permissible), a valid email address and telephone number.
If this information changes, you must immediately inform us of this change by updating it online.
Please note that if your billing information, including your current credit card information, is not current, we will not renew your Domain Services and they may subsequently expire.

 Subject to these Terms and those of the Registrar, you may transfer all domain names registered through us to another registrar by following the online instructions provided by Weebly.
Should we, due to failure on the part of you, the account holder, or the new registrar, be unable to make the domain transfer to your new registrar, we are expressly entitled to have the cancelled domain name deleted by the relevant registrar after the cancellation date has lapsed.
We reserve the right to allow domain transfers only if you have settled all undisputed pending claims with us.

 It may not always be possible to recover a domain name after it has expired, and Weebly has sole discretion in determining when a domain name can be renewed post-expiry and what fees will be applicable.
If you forfeit a domain name for non-payment, Weebly will have the right, in its sole discretion, to: (a) register and use the domain name for its own purpose.
(b) sell or transfer the domain name to a third party.
or (c) delete the domain name and allow any new registrant anywhere in the world to register the domain name anew.
Further, you agree that Weebly may charge the credit card you have on file with Weebly to recover any amounts outstanding on your account.

 On certain occasions, domain name registrations may become the subject of a legal challenge.
If Weebly is made a party to any legal action by virtue of one of your domain name registrations, you agree to be responsible for all of Weebly’s costs and legal fees and to indemnify and hold Weebly harmless from any action.
If Weebly is notified that a complaint has been filed with a judicial or administrative body regarding your domain name, Weebly may, at its sole discretion: (a) suspend your ability to use, make modifications to, or transfer your registration records.
and/or (b) deposit control of your registration record with the appropriate judicial entity by supplying a registrar certificate from us.

 You must notify us immediately if you lose the rights to a domain name registered by Weebly on your behalf.
 18.
Email Marketing Service For the email marketing services provided directly to you by Weebly (the “Email Marketing Service”), the following terms and conditions also apply.
Your use of the Email Marketing Service serves as your consent to these terms. Weebly may suspend or terminate your access to and use of the Email Marketing Service if you do not comply with these terms.
 Your use of the Email Marketing Service must comply with all applicable domestic and international laws.
This includes the laws applicable to you and also laws applicable to Weebly and all recipients to whom you intend to send emails (each a “Recipient”).
Examples of applicable laws include laws relating to spam or unsolicited commercial email (hereinafter “Spam” or “UCE”), privacy, security, obscenity, defamation, intellectual property, pornography, terrorism, homeland security, gambling, child protection, and other applicable laws.
It is your responsibility to know and understand the laws applicable to your use of the Email Marketing Service and the emails you generate and send through the Email Marketing Service.
Your use of the Email Marketing Service must also comply with the Privacy Notice applicable to the Email Marketing Service.
Weebly’s Privacy Notice is available here.


You are solely responsible for your products and services and any other promotion and Content contained in or referred to in your emails sent through the Email Marketing Service.
You agree to use the Email Marketing Service in a lawful, safe, and professional manner, consistent with industry best practices, including keeping reliable records.
You are solely responsible for any and all statements you make and for all user assistance, warranty and support of your products and services.

 Your use of the Email Marketing Service must follow all applicable guidelines established by Weebly.
The guidelines below are examples of practices that may violate these Terms when generating or sending email or messages through the Email Marketing Service: 

You will not:




Use the Email Marketing Service in violation of Weebly’s Terms of Service or of any law applicable to you or your Recipients;
 Use the Email Marketing Service to send Spam.
You must ensure that all Recipients have explicitly granted permission to receive emails from you by affirmatively opting-in to receive those emails.
All emails and messages sent by means of the Email Marketing Service must comply with our Anti-Spam Policy, as outlined below: 
Weebly has a no tolerance Spam policy and does not knowingly do business with any user or company that participates in sending Spam/UCE.
We do not sell or exchange personal information from our opt-in lists.
An email is Spam if: (a) the recipient’s personal identity and context are irrelevant because the message is equally applicable to many other potential recipients.
(b) the recipient has not verifiably granted deliberate, explicit and still-revocable permission for it to be sent.
and (c) the transmission and reception of the message appears to give a disproportionate benefit to the sender.

Spam is an issue of consent, not content.
A recipient should “affirmatively opt-in,” or expressly consent to receiving the message, either in response to a clear and conspicuous request or at the recipient’s own initiative.

The U.S.
CAN-SPAM Act regulates and establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have you stop emailing them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
Other international regulations and laws also apply to electronic marketing, and while we cannot give legal advice, we encourage you to become familiar with these laws, especially if you live in or mail to recipients outside the U.S.

If you receive Spam complaints or run into compliance problems, or if Weebly identifies a potentially problematic contact list, we will first ask questions to try to understand your business as well as your marketing goals.
If we determine that a list is not consent-based or is too old or problematic to work with, we will require that it be removed from your account.
In certain instances, we may ask you to find another service provider because our goals are simply not compatible.

Please refer to our Email Marketing FAQ located in the Help Center for further guidance on how to become a responsible mailer, as well as the additional ways that Weebly helps protect against sending unwanted or unsolicited email.
If you feel a Weebly user is sending unsolicited email, you can report it to us by sending it to abuse@weebly.com.



Use the Email Marketing Service to request, collect or send any non-public or personally identifiable information about another user or any other person without their express prior written consent (or the parent’s consent in the case of a minor), illegal information, or any other information you do not have the right to request, collect or distribute;
Use the Email Marketing Service to send email campaigns that link to or display pornography, other sexually explicit content, illegal goods or services, or any other Content that Weebly deems inappropriate;
Transmit any message, information, data, text, software or image, or other Content that is not owned by you or legally licensed to you, or is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or otherwise objectionable which may violate another’s right of privacy or publicity;
Send through the Email Marketing Service any unethical, false or misleading advertising, promotions, or sales efforts and practices;
Post or transmit any materials that contains a virus or corrupted data;
Use purchased or rented email lists;
Use third party email addresses, domain names, or mail servers without proper permission;
Send emails to non-specific addresses (e.g., webmaster@domain.com or info@domain.com) or distribution lists, newsgroups, publicly available press or media addresses or purchased email addresses;
Send emails that result in an unacceptable number of Spam or UCE complaints (even if the emails themselves were not actually Spam or UCE);
Disable or fail to include a working “unsubscribe” link in every email, which allows the Recipient/s to remove themselves from your mailing list.
Each such link must remain operational for at least 60 days after the date on which you send the message, and you agree that you will not remove, disable or attempt to remove or disable the link;
Disable or fail to comply with any request from a recipient to be removed from your mailing list within seven (7) calendar days of receipt of the request.
You cannot charge a fee, require the recipient to give you any personally identifiable information beyond an email address, or make the recipient take any step other than sending a reply email or visiting a single page on an Internet website as a condition for honoring an unsubscribe request.
As required under the U.S.
CAN-SPAM Act and other applicable laws, you acknowledge that you are responsible for maintaining and honoring the list of unsubscribe requests following termination of your Weebly account, for any reason whatsoever;
Disguise the origin or subject matter of any email or falsify or manipulate the originating email address, subject line, headers, or transmission path information for any email.
For any email or message sent by you using the Email Marketing Service, (a) the “from” line must accurately and in a non-deceptive manner identify your identity or your organization’s identity.
and (b) the “subject” line of your email must relate to the email’s actual content and must not contain any deceptive or misleading content regarding the overall subject matter of the email message.
You agree that you are the sole or designated sender of any email you send through the Email Marketing Service, pursuant to any law or act applicable to your use of the Email Marketing Service (e.g., U.S.
CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation, S.C.
2010, c.
23 and Directive 2003/58/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 July 2002), and as such you are required to comply with such laws and any other laws in other jurisdictions that apply to your use of the Email Marketing Service, and be responsible for any violation of any such applicable laws.

Fail to include in each email your valid physical mailing address (which if you are located in the United States, may be a valid post office box meeting the registration requirements established by the United States Postal Service) or a link to that information.
For Recipients based in the EU, each email must additionally include the sender’s business registration number and VAT ID or a link to that information;
Include “junk mail”, “chain letters”, “pyramid schemes”, incentives (e.g., coupons, discounts, awards, or other incentives) or other material in any email that encourages a Recipient to forward the email to another recipient.
and 
Fail to comply with export and import regulations for the U.S.
and other countries.



Some industries yield higher than normal abuse rates for Spam.
Thus, Email Marketing Service may not be used on behalf of certain industries and senders.
This includes, but is not limited to, the following:



Pharmaceutical products;
Work from home, make money online, “get rich schemes”, and lead generation opportunities;
Online trading, day trading tips, or stock market-related content;
Mortgage and loan content;
Nutritional, herbal and vitamin supplements;
Gambling services, products, or tips;
Multi-level marketing;
Affiliate marketing or any type of performance marketing, in which a business rewards one or more affiliates for each visitor or customer brought by the affiliate’s own marketing efforts;
Credit repair and get out of debt opportunities.
and
Counterfeit or “knock off” products appearing to be another brand.



It is your responsibility to ensure that the Content you put in your emails does not violate these guidelines.
Weebly has no obligation to do so, but may monitor your account to ensure compliance with these Terms and operation within the acceptable industry standards.
In our sole discretion, we reserve the right to block emails, remove Content, or prohibit use of the Email Marketing Service that may be in violation of the foregoing or of the Terms (including SendGrid Terms).
You understand and agree that we and any applicable third party that supports, posts, publishes or distributes your emails and Content also has the right to reformat, edit, monitor, reject, block or remove any of your emails and Content and suspend or terminate the Email Marketing Service, in whole or in part, permanently or for a certain period.
In no case will the foregoing make us responsible or liable to you or for compliance with any such laws or obligations, for which you remain solely responsible and liable.
If you know of or suspect any violations of these Terms, please notify Weebly here.
Weebly will determine compliance with these Terms in its sole discretion and reserves the right, without notice, to take all measures of any nature (legal, technical, or otherwise) or prevent UCE and/or any other unauthorized email, messages or campaigns from entering, utilizing or remaining within our network.
We may terminate the Email Marketing Service and your Weebly account at any time and for any reason.
If your account is terminated, we may permanently delete it and any associated data.

In order to provide the Email Marketing Service, we currently use SendGrid’s API (www.sendgrid.com).
hence, your use of the Email Marketing Service is also governed by SendGrid’s terms and policies, as now effective and/or as may be effective in the future (“SendGrid Terms”), including, without limitation, SendGrid’s Terms of Use and SendGrid’s Privacy Policy.
SendGrid Terms are in addition to these Terms, and you shall comply with both as applicable to the Email Marketing Service.
We may terminate any Third Party Service, including SendGrid, in our sole discretion at any time, without notice to you, with no liability to you or to the third party.
Any such termination or any act by a Third Party Service may impact our ability to make available some or all of the features of the Email Marketing Service, and we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any such actions.
We will obtain any information that you provide us in connection with your use of the Email Marketing Service, such as contact lists (including email addresses and any other information contained in such lists) and Content posted or used by you for the Email Marketing Service, or in any other manner.
We acknowledge your ownership rights in such contact lists (“Customer Information”) and Content.
We won’t sell or rent your Customer Information without your prior explicit permission and won’t use your Customer Information for any purpose other than as described in our Privacy Notice and in these Terms.
SendGrid may also use the Customer Information and other information provided by you as part of the Email Marketing Service, in accordance with the SendGrid Terms.
You hereby grant to us a revocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license, with the right to sublicense, to use, reproduce, publish, distribute, perform and display Customer Information, only as required by us to offer and operate the Email Marketing Service.
You are solely responsible for the accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability and appropriateness of all Customer Information.
You are responsible for maintaining, securing and storing all Customer Information in accordance with applicable law and your contractual obligations, including the Terms.
You represent and warrant that you own or have rights in the material in your emails and the Customer Information required for us to use the Customer Information as contemplated by these Terms.
When using the Email Marketing Service, you agree that any emails and messages and Content contained therein are non-confidential, and you automatically grant or warrant that the owner of such Content or intellectual property has expressly granted to us an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, worldwide license, with the right to sublicense, to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform and display such Content or intellectual property in any manner or in any media now known or hereafter created, including in connection with our marketing and promotional activities.
To the extent permitted by law, we may make and preserve copies of all Customer Information as necessary to provide the Email Marketing Service and for internal back-up and other legal or regulatory purposes.
However, we are not obligated to preserve copies of your Customer Information, emails and messages, Content or other data.
You are responsible for backing up your Customer Information.

We make no representation or warranty that the content and materials on our website or and/or the Email Marketing Service are appropriate for use in locations outside the United States.
Those who choose to access the Email Marketing Service from other locations do so at their own risk, and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
We reserve the right, at any time and in our sole discretion, to limit the availability, quantity, and accessibility of the Email Marketing Service to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction. 19.
Indemnity You will indemnify and hold harmless Weebly, and its subsidiaries, licensors, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, co-branders, partners, employees, successors, and assigns (collectively “Indemnified Parties”) from any and all liability, loss, claim, damages, expenses, costs or demands, (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees), incurred or made against the Indemnified Parties by any third party in connection with any claim arising from or related to: (a) your use (or anyone using your account/s) use of the Service, the Site or the Materials, (b) your Content, (c) any Commercial Products you offer on or through the Site or using our Services, or (d) your use of the Domain Services.
This includes, but is not limited to, any breach or violation of these Terms by you or anyone utilizing your account.
You must fully cooperate at your expense as required by an Indemnified Party.
Each Indemnified Party may, at its election, assume the defense and control of any matter for which it is indemnified hereunder.
You shall not settle any matter involving an Indemnified Party without the consent of the applicable Indemnified Party. 20.
Disclaimer of warranties 


YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS OF DATA, CUSTOMER INFORMATION OR VENDOR DATA, REVENUE, OR OTHER HARM TO BUSINESS ARISING OUT OF DELAYS, MISDELIVERY OR NONDELIVERY OF INFORMATION, RESTRICTION OR LOSS OF ACCESS, BUGS OR OTHER ERRORS, UNAUTHORIZED USE DUE TO YOUR SHARING OF ACCESS TO THE SERVICE, OR OTHER INTERACTION WITH THE SERVICE.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING AND BACKING-UP YOUR DATA AND INFORMATION THAT MAY RESIDE ON THE SERVICE.
WEEBLY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (V) ANY ERRORS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED.
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
ANY DATA, INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS CONTAINED IN OR MADE AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE IS NOT INTENDED AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR THE KNOWLEDGE, EXPERTISE, SKILL AND JUDGMENT OF TAX, LEGAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONALS.
THE SERVICE DOES NOT PROVIDE TAX OR LEGAL ADVICE.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING SUCH ADVICE.
THESE TERMS APPLY SOLELY TO THE SERVICE.
AS PART OF THE SERVICES PROVIDED TO OTHER WEEBLY USERS, WE HOST WEBSITES FOR CERTAIN THIRD PARTIES (“THIRD PARTY SITES”).
THIRD PARTY SITES INCLUDE CONTENT GENERATED BY THIRD PARTIES AND ARE NOT UNDER THE MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF WEEBLY.
WEEBLY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH THIRD PARTY SITES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE ACCURACY, SUFFICIENCY, CORRECTNESS, RELIABILITY, VERACITY, COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS THEREOF, ANY LINK CONTAINED THEREIN, OR ANY CHANGES OR UPDATES THERETO, OR ANY GOODS OR SERVICES SOLD THEREON.
YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF ANY THIRD PARTY SITE IS GOVERNED BY THE TERMS APPLICABLE TO SUCH THIRD PARTY SITE.
THE HOSTING OF ANY THIRD PARTY SITE BY WEEBLY DOES NOT IMPLY AN ENDORSEMENT THEREOF BY WEEBLY, OR OF THE PROVIDER OF SUCH CONTENT OR SERVICES, OF ANY THIRD PARTY SITE.
NEITHER WEEBLY NOR ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, PARTNERS, OR AFFILIATES WARRANT THAT THE SITE, ITS SERVERS, THE MATERIALS OR THE SERVICE, OR ANY EMAIL SENT FROM THE SITE OR ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, PARTNERS, OR AFFILIATES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
WEEBLY AND ITS LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION THAT THE SERVICES, MATERIALS, OR SITE ARE APPROPRIATE OR AVAILABLE FOR USE IN ALL GEOGRAPHIC LOCATIONS.


 21.
Limitation of Liability  TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF WEEBLY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (a) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE.
(b) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE.
(c) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA.
(d) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE.
OR (e) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.

 IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH THE SITE, THE SERVICE, OR THE MATERIALS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, AS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IS TO CEASE USING THE SITE, THE SERVICE, AND THE MATERIALS.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER WEEBLY, ITS AFFILIATES, NOR LICENSORS SHALL BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THE SERVICE, THE MATERIALS, YOUR CONTENT, THE COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS OR THIRD PARTY USER GENERATED CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS, ANY INFRINGEMENT OF THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR OTHER RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES, OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF, OR RELATED TO, THE USE OF THE SITE, THE SERVICE, THE MATERIALS, YOUR CONTENT, THE COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS OR ANY THIRD PARTY USER GENERATED CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE.
 22.
Exclusions and Limitations SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AS SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 20 AND 21.
ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF SECTIONS 20 AND 21 MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 23.
U.S.
Government Restricted Rights The materials on the Service are provided with "RESTRICTED RIGHTS." Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U.S.
Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in applicable laws and regulations.
Use of the materials by the U.S.
Government constitutes acknowledgment of our proprietary rights in them. 24.
Agreement to Arbitrate.
Class Waiver We want to address your concerns or issues before filing a claim against Weebly.
Please contact us at http://hc.weebly.com.
We'll contact you by email to informally resolve the dispute.
You or Weebly may start a formal dispute resolution process if a dispute is not resolved within 10 business days of your submission.


YOU MAY ONLY RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND YOU WILL NOT BRING A CLAIM AS A PLAINTIFF OR A CLASS MEMBER IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION (E.G., CLASS ACTION, CLASS ARBITRATION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION, OR CONSOLIDATION WITH OTHER ARBITRATIONS).


 Any claim relating to these Terms that is not resolved through our informal process, or as set forth below, will be settled in accordance with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc.
(“JAMS”) by three arbitrators appointed in accordance with JAMS Rules.
The arbitration will take place in San Francisco, California, in the English language, and the arbitral decision may be enforced in any court.
The prevailing party in any action or proceeding arising from these Terms will be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees.
If any part of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.

 Either party may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Service, or to enforce intellectual property rights (e.g., copyright, trademark, trade secret, or patent rights) without first engaging in our informal dispute resolution process or arbitration.
In the event this agreement to arbitrate does not apply to you or your claim, any judicial proceeding will be brought in the federal or state courts of San Francisco County, California.
You and Weebly agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in San Francisco, California.
REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUR OF OR RELATED TO USE OF THE SERVICE OR THESE TERMS MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE OR BE FOREVER BARRED.
 25.
General We may provide notices to you via either email or regular mail.
The Service may also provide notices of changes to these Terms or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Service.
These Terms and the relationship between you and Weebly shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
You and Weebly agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within San Francisco, California.
The failure of Weebly to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of these Terms).
You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate or other services, third-party content or third-party software.
If any provision of these Terms or incorporated documents are found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms remain in full force and effect.
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or these Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
You acknowledge and agree that you are each waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding.
Further, more than one person's claims may not be consolidated under any circumstances, in any form of any class or representative proceeding or otherwise. 26.
Violations Please visit our Abuse page to report any violations of these Terms. Change Log: 
November 6, 2017: Section 8: Clarified ownership/back-up of “Content”.
Section 8 and 11: Added additional customer support terms.
Section 13: Added additional terms and conditions for Apple Pay and Android Pay.
Sections 21 and 22: Clarified language in accordance with New Jersey Truth-In Consumer Contract Warranty &amp.
Notice rights.
Fixed some typos.

February 2016: Section 18: Added Email Marketing Service.
Updated Section numbers.
  Updated November 06, 2017 1.
What This Privacy Notice Covers This notice covers how Weebly, Inc., a U.S.
company ("Weebly," "we," "us," or "our") treats personal information that it collects and receives from its website (www.weebly.com), website hosting and design services, communication tools, mobile applications, app marketplace, ecommerce tools, and other services (collectively, the “Service”).
We are not in the business of selling personal information about you.
We use information shared with us for the purpose of running and improving our Service and in that capacity will operate as a data controller and, to the extent we process data, a data processor.
This notice tells you what information we collect, steps we take to protect and secure it, how we use and share information, and finally, how you can contact us with questions or concerns.
For some parts of the Weebly Service, such as our eCommerce platform, our user is the data controller and Weebly is a data processor.  As a data processor, Weebly does not have a direct relationship with the person whose personal information we collect and process at the direction of our user.  If you are a customer of one of these users and no longer want to be contacted by that user, please contact the user you interacted with directly.
Weebly acknowledges you have the right to access and change the personal information we collect and process as a data processor.  An individual who seeks to access or to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate personal information should direct their request to the Weebly user who is the data controller, and not to Weebly directly.
If the data controller requests Weebly remove personal information we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
Personal information we process on behalf of our users will be retained for as long as needed to provide services to our users.
Weebly will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We may transfer this personal information to companies that help us provide our service.
Transfer of your data to third party service providers is governed by the terms of service between Weebly and its users.
 2.
Information We Collect 
(a) Personal Information. We collect personal information (e.g., name, email address, phone number, etc.) when you:

register an account with us;
contact our customer support services;
sign-up as, or are invited to be, a member of a Pro or Business account user’s site;
enter our promotions, contests, or sweepstakes;
post content on a Weebly website or blog;
sign-up to be an App Developer.
and
post an App review in our App Marketplace


(b) Other User Information. When you access and use our Service, we automatically collect and store in log files your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, clickstream data, and other user information as part of our Service analytics (individually and collectively, “Automatically Collected Information”) to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the Service.
We use mobile application platform permissions when collecting other information from you.
We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you.

(c) Billing Information. If you sign up for a Weebly Starter, Pro, or Business account, register a domain through us, or purchase another paid service, we require your billing information in order to process the transaction.
Billing information includes your name, address, telephone number, credit card details, PayPal email address, and other information necessary to process the transaction.
We will retain the last 4 digits of your credit card number, credit card type, name, address, and some other billing information, so that you may identify that card used in the future.
Weebly does not store your full credit card number or CVV2.
this information is discarded after your transaction has been processed.
If your subscription is auto-renewing, our authorized payment processor will store your payment information on their secure payment gateway for as long as necessary to carry out the terms of your subscription.
All transactions are processed over an industry standard SSL/TLS connection, with a minimum of 128-bit encryption.

(d) Cookies and Tracking Technologies. Weebly and our affiliates, partners, and service providers (such as marketing, analytics, and customer support partners) may use cookies, pixels, and similar technologies for analyzing trends, site administration, tracking mobile application installations, understanding how users interface with our site(s), and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and in an aggregated basis.

VISITING WEEBLY WITH YOUR BROWSER SET TO ACCEPT COOKIES OR USING OUR MOBILE APPLICATIONS OR OTHER SOFTWARE TELLS US YOU WANT TO USE OUR SERVICE AND YOU CONSENT TO OUR USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES TO PROVIDE YOU OUR SERVICE.

We use cookies for a number of purposes, some of which are strictly necessary, including but not limited to our shopping cart, to remember user settings such as language preferences, and for authentication. You can control the use of certain cookies at the individual browser level or in your operating system preferences. If you opt-out of such cookies, you may still use our Service, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Service may be limited.
We partner with third parties to either display advertising on our Service or to manage our advertising on other sites, such as Facebook.
Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on our Service and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here.
 You can control Facebook ad preferences using Settings in your Facebook account.
If you are located in Europe, for more information about targeted advertising or to opt out of having your browser information used for these purposes, please click here or change your cookie preferences on your browser or device settings.
Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads.
You will continue to receive generic ads.

(e) Third Party Analytics Services. Some parts of our Service use third party analytic services to help us create a better user experience.

Flurry.
You can opt-out of Flurry’s mobile analytics service at Flurry Opt-Out.
The opt-out is specific to Flurry activities and does not affect the activities of other ad networks or analytics providers we may use.
When you opt-out, Flurry will stop tracking data for the device identified by the provided MAC address and/or device identifier going forward and Flurry analytics tracking will stop across all applications within the Flurry network.
Google.
For the web, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page and install the add-on for your specific browser.
For our mobile applications, you can opt-out using our “Privacy Opt-Out” settings within our applications.
Google Tag Manager.
You can opt-out of Google Tag Manager’s mobile service by using our “Privacy Opt-Out” settings within our applications.


(f) Do Not Track. Currently, we do not support Do Not Track or “DNT.” DNT is a preference you set in your web browser to tell visited websites you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable DNT through the preferences or settings of your web browser.

(g) Mobile App. When you download and use the Service through our mobile app, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use and operating system version.
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of the Service on your device.
This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, content, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
We may also send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about events or promotions.
If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
To ensure that you receive proper notifications, we need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information. 3.
Legal Ability to Enter Into Contracts You are prohibited from creating or using a Weebly account if you are not legally capable of entering into contracts, for example, if you are not the age of majority in your country or region.
If you are not the age of majority in your country or region, you may only create or use a Weebly account with the supervision and consent of a parent or guardian or alternatively through a special student account created by a teacher through education.weebly.com, provided the teacher has obtained signed consent from your parent or guardian. 4.
Weebly's Information Use, Sharing, Disclosure, and Retention Practices 
(a) Use. Weebly may use the information it collects from you for any legal purpose including, without limitation, for providing products and services, identification and authentication, Service operation, analytics and improvements, support, contact (e.g., sending notifications related to use of the Service), marketing and promotions, research, and anonymous reporting.
We may combine Automatically Collected Information with other information we collect about you to improve site functionality and the services we offer you, and for Service and both internal and external marketing analytics.
In particular, we engage in the following practices with respect to the information and uses described below:
IP addresses, browser and session information.
IP addresses, browser and session information may be used to:

Diagnose and prevent service or technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP.
Estimate the total number of users from specific geographical regions using the Service.
Help determine which users have access privileges to certain content, services, or resources that we offer.
Monitor and prevent fraud and abuse.

Marketing Communications.
By using our Service, you agree to receive marketing communications from us or any of our partners.
To the extent you have not already done so during sign-up, you may select not to receive from Weebly or any of our partners certain emails related to marketing, promotions, sweepstakes, contests, or newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or by unsubscribing here.
You may also notify us through our help center, by email at privacy@weebly.com or by mail at:
Attention: Legal - PrivacyWeebly, Inc.460 Bryant St., #100San Francisco, California 94107 USA
Phone Calls and Messages.
 By providing us your phone number, you are consenting to us or our partners contacting you via autodialed or prerecorded calls/messages and you understand that providing your number is not a condition of purchasing any Weebly product or service.
 Weebly may contact you at any telephone number you have provided us, including phone numbers you have made publically available on your Weebly website(s) for: 

Account notifications.

Account troubleshooting.

Dispute resolution.

Debt collection.
or
As necessary to service your account or enforce our Terms of Service and policies, applicable law, or any other agreement we may have with you.


We may also contact you using autodialed or prerecorded calls and messages for marketing purposes (e.g., offers and promotions) if you consent to such communications.
your consent to receive such calls/messages is not a condition of purchasing any Weebly product or service.
We may collect other telephone numbers for you and may place manual, non-marketing calls to any of those numbers and autodialed non-marketing calls to any landline.
Standard telephone minute and text charges may apply and may include overage fees if you have exceeded your plan limits.

If you do not wish to receive such communications, you may change your preference in your account settings (Edit Profile) or by sending us an email at any time via our help center.



User Site Membership/Registration.
When you register, or are invited to register, as a member of a website operated by one of our Pro or Business account users, we store and use your information solely to provide administrative services in support of our member feature (such as account set-up and password reset).
Please contact the site operator directly to have your registration information removed.
Publicly Accessible Information.
If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, like blogs, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
To have your personal information removed from our blog or community forum, submit a request through our help center.
In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

Domain Registrations.
Please note, standard domain registration shows your personal contact information in the public WHOIS database.
You can shield your personal information from public view and help protect yourself against spam, fraud, identity theft, and more by purchasing Private Registration from us.
Testimonials. We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements.
With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name.
If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at testimonials@weebly.com.

(b) Sharing. Weebly does not share personal information we learn about you from your use of the Service with others except as described in this Privacy Notice.
Completion of Transactions.
Weebly may share your personal information on a secured basis where it is necessary to complete a transaction.
to operate, improve, or communicate to you about the Service.
to detect fraud or compliance with export regulations.
or to do something that you have asked us to do.
We use other third parties such as payment processors to bill you for goods and services.
Research, Promotions, Sweepstakes and Contests.
From time to time, Weebly or a partner may sponsor a research panel, promotion, sweepstake, or contest on Weebly.
You may be asked to provide personal information including name, email address, or home address, or to answer questions in order to participate.
This information will be used strictly for purposes of the research panel, promotion, sweepstake, or contest administration and fulfillment.
Third Party Marketing.
Weebly may share anonymized and/or aggregated information with third parties for their marketing, advertising, promotion, or other uses.
In addition, from time to time we may share your personal information with third parties who want to promote goods and / or services that we think would be of interest to you.
If you want us to stop sharing your contact infomration with third parties, you may notify us through our help center, by email at privacy@weebly.com or by mail at:
Attention: Legal - PrivacyWeebly, Inc.460 Bryant St., #100San Francisco, California 94107 USA
In the Event of Merger or Sale.
As we continue to develop our business, we may also buy or sell all or part of our business.
In such transactions, personal information you have shared with us is generally one of the business assets that will be transferred.
The transferred personal information will remain subject to the promises made in this privacy notice or subsequent notices to which you have consented.
If Weebly is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.

(c) Disclosure. Weebly may disclose personal information about you under the following circumstances:

In certain situations, Weebly may disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including but not limited to national security or law enforcement requests.
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or similar legal processes, to establish or exercise our legal rights or, defend against legal claims, or if in our judgment in such circumstances disclosure is required or appropriate.
If we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our various terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.


(d) Retention. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service.
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
U.S.
Educational Institutions
Please see our additional privacy disclosures for U.S.
educational institutions here.
EU/SWISS - U.S.
Privacy Shield
Weebly participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework.
Weebly is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Frameworks, to the Framework’s applicable Principles.
 To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, and to view our certification, visit the U.S.
Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List.
Weebly is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and may subsequently transfer data to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.
Weebly complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
By using the service, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, Weebly is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission.
If you still have privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) here.
 
 Under certain conditions, as more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. 5.
3rd Party Features, Services, and Apps Our Service includes various third party features, services, and apps, including but not limited social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, apps you may add to your Site via the App Marketplace, back end service providers, and Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Service (“3rd Party Features, Services, and Apps”).
These 3rd Party Features, Services, and Apps may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the 3rd Party Features and Apps to function properly.
3rd Party Features, Services, and Apps are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Service.
Your interactions with these 3rd Party Features, Services, and Apps may be governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the 3rd Party Features, Services, and Apps, and you are responsible for viewing that company’s relevant privacy policy.
3rd Party Features, Services, and Apps may also support functions that require that you disclose certain personal information given your choice of participation.
This information is collected in many different ways such as: forms, surveys, contests, forums, subscribing or unsubscribing to mailings and correcting or updating personal information and are only used for the purpose in which they were collected.
3rd Party Features, Services, and Apps that may collect sensitive information, such as financial information (credit card) to process purchases for products or services. 6.
Links to 3rd Party Sites Our Service includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from ours.
If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies.
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any web site you visit. 7.
Facebook.
Google + You can sign up or log in to our Service using services such as Facebook, Google+, or other Open ID provider.
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form.
Services like Facebook give you the option to post information about your activities on our Service to your profile page to share with others within your network.
Learn how to control how information is shared on your Google+ profile here. 8.Confidentiality and Security We use physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information about you.
Data transmissions over the Internet are not 100% secure.
Consequently, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
Once we receive your transmission, we use reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systems.
Your account information is password-protected.
Additionally, your account's password is stored using a salted, variable work factor, one-way hash algorithm.
In certain areas, Weebly uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions (such as when entering credit card details).
However, this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of a firewall or secure server software.
If Weebly learns of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps.
By using the Service or providing personal information to us, you are consenting to Weebly communicating with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues related to your use of the Service.
We may post a notice on our applicable web sites if a security breach occurs.
If this happens, you will need a web browser enabling you to view the applicable web sites.
In these circumstances, we may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us.
Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice) submit a request through our help center.
If you post any comments or content on our Service, any personally identifiable information you choose to provide there may be read, collected, or used by other users of the Service, as well as other parties.
Weebly is not responsible for any information you choose to submit in these forums and we cannot guarantee that other users have not made any copies of and/or will not use such information outside of the Service. 9.
Changing your Preferences and Personal Information Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold or process your personal information on behalf of third parties.
You can access and edit your account information with Weebly at any time by logging into your account.
You can also contact us via the help center, and we will respond as soon as possible, but at most within 30 days.
You can delete your applicable account by visiting the applicable account deletion page.
however, some personal information, primarily your contact information, may remain in our records to the extent necessary to protect our legal interests or document compliance with regulatory requirements.
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer wish to use our Service, you may correct, update, or delete such information by making the change on your user account page, or by submitting a request through our help center. 10.
Changes to this Privacy Notice Weebly reserves the right to revise, modify, or update this notice at any time.
We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your particular Weebly account or by placing a prominent notice on our site. 11.
Contacting Weebly If you have a privacy concern regarding Weebly, or this notice, and if you cannot satisfactorily resolve it through the Service, you should complete a support request at http://help.weebly.com, or you can write to us by email at privacy@weebly.com or by mail at:
Attention: Legal - PrivacyWeebly, Inc.460 Bryant St., #100San Francisco, California 94107 USA Change Log: 
February 9, 2018: Changes were made to this policy to add additional disclosures for how we use your information in Section 4 (marketing communications).

November 
06
, 2017: Changes were made to update this notice in accordance with Swiss-US Privacy Shield and to add additional disclosures for (i) Weebly data processing, (ii) our U.S.
education users, (iii) information we collect in Section 2, and (iv) how we use your information in Section 4 (marketing communications and Referral Program changes).

September 2016: Changes were made to update this policy in accordance with Privacy Shield.
Additional disclosures and explanations have also been provided in Sections 1, 2, 4, 9, and 10.
