 Terms &amp.
Conditions
Print | Save

 A.
General Terms and Conditions for the use of the XING service 
 Subject and basis for using XING 
 Conditions of use, conclusion of contract and warranties upon conclusion of contract 
 Right of withdrawal for consumers 
 General obligations of the user and special provisions for using the social network 
 Changes to services and contractual terms 
 Fees, billing, invoicing, payment terms 
 Term, termination of contract, sanctions, reimbursement of advance payments 
 Responsibility for the user’s content, data and/or other information, availability 
 Liability of XING 
 Data protection 
 Applicable law, place of jurisdiction, miscellaneous 


 B.
Additional terms for using the events platform 
 Conditions of use, conclusion of contract and warranties upon conclusion of contract 
 Right of withdrawal for consumers 
 Obligations of the user and special provisions for users 
 Fees, billing, invoicing, payment terms 
 Validity of the provisions of the General Terms and Conditions for the use of the XING service 


 C.
Additional terms for using the employer review platform 
 Obligations of the user and special provisions for users 
 Validity of the provisions of the General Terms and Conditions for the use of the XING service 




Additional Terms and Conditions for the use of Premium Add-ons
General Terms and Conditions for the use of the XING TalentManager
General Terms and Conditions for the use of the XING TalentpoolManager
General Terms and Conditions for the use of XING Coaches
General Terms and Conditions for the use of XING Employer Branding Profiles
General Terms and Conditions for the use of XING Jobs – Online customers
General Terms and Conditions for the use of XING Jobs – Offline customers
General Terms and Conditions for the use of XING Projects
General Terms and Conditions for the use of XING Enterprise Groups
General Terms and Conditions for the use of the AdCreator
General Terms and Conditions for the use of ads on XING
General Terms and Conditions for the use of News Pages on XING
General Terms and Conditions for the use of XING Arbeitsrechtsschutz (German only)
General Terms and Conditions for the use of XING Business Pages and accompanying services
Terms and Conditions of use and publication for XING Industry Insiders
General Terms and Conditions for providing the ReferralManager
General Terms and Conditions for XING Groups Professional
XING API General Terms and Conditions of Use
XING News Plus General Terms and Conditions of Use
Additional Terms and Conditions for the Use of XING Executive

General Terms and Conditions


Last updated: 4 January 2018



“XING” means the service as described below (including all applications) and/or the provider of this service, XING SE (together with XING S.à r.l.
in those cases listed in Section A.6.6 below).
 A.
General Terms and Conditions for the use of the XING service 
The XING service is rendered via websites (e.g.
xing.com, xing.de, xing-events.com, kununu.com, lebenslauf.com, bewerbung.com), a number of different sub-domains and domain aliases, and via mobile applications (“apps”), background applications, web services and third-party-site integrations (e.g.
iFrame).
All websites, sub-domains, aliases, mobile applications, background applications, web services and third-party-site integrations provided by XING and where XING is available are hereinafter referred to as “XING Websites”.


The XING service applications include, in particular, contact and communication forums (hereinafter referred to as “social network”) for which the user can obtain membership, an “events platform” and an “employer review platform”.
Some of the XING applications may appear under other brand names or by using other XING Websites.


These General Terms and Conditions for the use of the XING service govern the contractual relationship between the user and XING, irrespective of which XING Websites the User visits to take use XING services.


Additional terms (e.g.
code of conduct for group moderators or commenting rules for XING News) may also apply to the use of individual applications in addition to these General Terms and Conditions for using the XING service.
In the event of an objection, the additional terms and conditions for the use of the respective application shall take precedence over these General Terms and Conditions for the use of the XING service, provided such precedence is not excluded in the additional terms for the use of the respective application.


The General Terms and Conditions for the use of the XING service and any additional terms for the use of individual applications are hereinafter referred to as “GTC”.


The contract is concluded with XING SE, Dammtorstraße 30, 20354 Hamburg, Germany, and, in those cases listed in Section A.6.6 below, additionally with XING S.à r.l., 9, Avenue Guillaume, L-1651 Luxembourg.
Further contact details, commercial register details as well as the name of a person authorised to represent XING SE and XING S.à r.l.
can be found in the “About this site” section.

 
 1.
Subject and basis for using XING 

General



1.1
XING is a service that pursues the aim of improving and simplifying the user’s working life by providing a variety of different applications.


1.2
Working and private lives are converging all the time.
In light of this, XING focuses both on professional and private domains.


1.3
XING would particularly like to provide the user with new opportunities (mainly within a professional context, but also within a private context), make it easier for the user to form horizontal networks, democratise information, foster the exchange of information, and promote lifelong learning.
In order to meet these aims, XING collects information in order to provide the user with certain information, offers, recommendations and services, and to promote interaction within and outside of the user’s network.
This takes place in line with the user’s privacy settings and declarations of consent.


1.4
The social network is the core application of the XING service.
The profile page created by the user on the social network (hereinafter referred to as “user profile”) represents the identity of the user within the XING service, on XING Websites, and in the service’s applications.
In order to use XING, the user requires a user profile that is visible on and outside of the social network.
Only individual applications of the XING service can be used where the user profile is not visible on the social network.
Also, there are individual applications of the XING service where the user does not appear and is not displayed with their user profile.
Registration with the XING service is, however, always required.



Social network



1.5
The social network provides the user with various options to present themselves with a personal user profile and to present its activities on XING Websites and outside of the XING Websites, and to interact with other users and with third parties in real time.
The full effect of the social network can only be achieved if the user’s profile can be accessed by non-users and found by search engines.
For this reason, user profile default settings enable non-users and search engines to find and access user profiles.


1.6
A user who registers with the social network initially becomes a free member of the social network (hereinafter referred to as “free membership”).


1.7
The user has the option of switching its free membership to a paid membership on the social network (paid membership on the social network is hereinafter referred to as “Premium membership”).
In contrast to free membership, Premium membership provides a number of additional and advanced features.
Special paid memberships for specific target groups, e.g.
coaches, are also covered by the term “Premium membership”.
Depending on the user’s choice of payment method for the Premium membership as offered by XING, the specific provisions as laid out in Section 6.6 (“Special provisions regarding the payment methods offered by XING”) shall apply.
Free membership and Premium membership will hereinafter be collectively referred to as “XING membership”.


1.8
If XING offers the user the option to book one or more free or paid third-party supplementary services, the user shall enter into separate agreements with the respective third party that have no legal connection to the user's XING membership.
The amendment, discontinuation, other termination or exchange of such third-party services or any default of performance thereof in relations between the user and third party does not have any impact on the contractual relationship between XING and the user in terms of the user's XING membership.
The terms and conditions and privacy policies of the respective third parties, who are also the contractual and contact partners of the user, apply to all third-party supplementary services.

 
 2.
Conditions of use, conclusion of contract and warranties upon conclusion of contract 

General



2.1
If the user uses a XING service application which can also be used by users without a user profile that is visible on the social network, a user account will be created for said user if they do not already have one.
Thereby, the agreement to use XING is entered into by the user and XING.
A user account is a user profile that is not initially visible on the social network.
To start with, the user can only use its user account with XING service applications that can also be used without a user profile that is visible on the social network.
If the user would like to use XING service applications that require a user profile that is visible on the social network, the user must first allow its user profile to be visible on the social network.


2.2
The option to use applications offered on the XING Websites does not constitute an offer, but merely an invitation to issue an offer.
By completing the booking process, the user consents to enter into the agreement to use the corresponding XING application.
XING in turn accepts the user’s consent by rendering the corresponding services.
The agreement takes effect upon the aforementioned acceptance by XING.
XING is not obliged to enter into the agreement.
By using paid services, the user accepts the related payment obligation and, depending on the choice of payment method, the special provisions as laid out in Section 6.6 (“Special provisions regarding the payment methods offered by XING”) by clicking on the confirmation button which is displayed in such cases.


2.3
The user warrants and represents that all of the data they provide is accurate and complete.
The user is obliged to ensure that the data for all of the applications they use is accurate and complete for the entire duration of the agreement.
In the event that the XING customer service team makes any manual changes to the user’s data on the user’s behalf, XING reserves the right to bill the user for any costs they incur in connection with said changes, insofar as the user is responsible for the event that triggers these costs.


2.4
The user warrants that they are of legal age.
In the event that the user acts on behalf of a legal person for certain applications, the user warrants that they are authorised to act in the name of the legal person.
Upon request, the user shall submit proof thereof.


2.5
It is technically impossible for XING to determine with certainty whether any user registered on the XING Websites is in fact the person he or she claims to be.
Therefore, XING assumes no liability for the actual identity of a user.



Social network



2.6
In order to acquire XING membership, the user must register on the platform and select a password.


2.7
The user is obliged to keep this password secret.
XING shall not disclose the password to any third party, shall only use it during the login process, and shall not ask for the user's password at any time other than during the login process.
For security reasons and to prevent misuse, the user is recommended to change its password at regular intervals.
The user is solely responsible for safeguarding and storing its XING member account login details (particularly its password).


2.8
Each user may only create one user profile.
The user is not permitted to allow third parties to use its user profile.

 
 3.
Right of withdrawal for consumers  Instructions on withdrawal and model withdrawal form


You have the right to withdraw from this contract within 14 days without giving any reason.
The withdrawal period will expire after 14 days from the date of contract conclusion.


To exercise the right of withdrawal, you must inform us


XING SE
Dammtorstraße 30
20354 Hamburg
Germany
Phone: +49 40 419 131 0
Fax: +49 40 419 131 11
E-mail: withdraw@xing.com


of your decision to withdraw from this contract by an unequivocal statement (e.g.
a letter sent by post, fax, e-mail or via the contact form available on each of our webpages).
You may use this model withdrawal form, but it is not obligatory.


To meet the withdrawal deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right of withdrawal before the withdrawal period has expired.


Effects of withdrawal


If you withdraw from this contract, we shall reimburse to you all payments received from you, including the costs of delivery (with the exception of the supplementary costs resulting from your choice of a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us), without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day on which we are informed about your decision to withdraw from this contract.
We will carry out such reimbursement using the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise.
in any event, you will not incur any fees as a result of such reimbursement.


If you requested to begin the performance of services during the withdrawal period, you shall pay us an amount which is in proportion to what has been provided until you have communicated us your withdrawal from this contract, in comparison with the full coverage of the contract.


You may download and use the model withdrawal form available here as a PDF file.


Exclusion of right of cancellation:


The right of cancellation does not exist if, when entering into a legal transaction, you predominantly act in exercise of your trade, business or profession and are therefore deemed to be an entrepreneur (Section 14 BGB).


The right of cancellation vis-à-vis XING does not apply to agreements you enter into with third parties, i.e.
where XING is not legally involved.
Any such rights of cancellation may only be brought against the respective third party.


Other additional information:


You expressly agree that we will start to render the service before the end of the cancellation period.
  
 4.
General obligations of the user and special provisions for using the social network 
4.1
The user is obliged


(a) to provide only true and non-misleading statements along with its real name, and to refrain from using pseudonyms or pen names,


(b) to only use as the profile picture for its social network user profile a photo where the user can be clearly identified.
The user warrants and represents that the public display of the profile photo delivered by the user to the XING Websites is not prohibited by applicable law.
The user shall not use photos or images of any person other than the user, nor of non-existent persons or other beings (such as animals, imaginary creatures, etc.), nor use logos as its profile picture.


(c) to comply with all applicable legislation and respect all third-party rights when using XING and the content served on XING Websites.
In particular, the user shall not



use any insulting or defamatory contents, regardless of whether said contents are directed at another user or XING personnel or other companies,


use any pornographic, abusive, immoral or violence-glorifying materials or any contents that violate any applicable legislation for the protection of minors.
or advertise or promote, offer or distribute any pornographic, abusive, immoral or violence-glorifying product or products which do not comply with any applicable legislation for the protection of minors,


unreasonably annoy, particularly with spam, any other user (cf.
Section 7 of the German Unfair Competition Act - UWG),


use without authorisation any contents protected by law (e.g.
by copyright, trademark, patent, utility patent, or design patent laws), or advertise, promote, offer or distribute any goods or services protected by law, or


use or promote any commercial practices considered unfair competition, including progressive customer acquisition practices (such as chain distribution systems, multilevel selling or pyramid sales)



(d) to refrain from engaging in any of the following annoying activities, even if they do not constitute a breach of any applicable laws:



Sending chain letters


Performing, advertising and promoting any form of structural distribution measures (such as multi-level marketing or multi-level network marketing) and


Communicating in any insinuating or sexual way (suggestive or explicit).



4.2
The user is prohibited from the following:


(a) Employing any mechanisms, software or scripts when using XING Websites.
The user is also prohibited from directly or indirectly advertising or distributing such mechanisms, software or scripts.
The user may, however, use, advertise or distribute interfaces or software that have been authorised by XING


(b) Blocking, overwriting, modifying and copying any contents of the XING Websites, unless said actions are necessary for the proper use of XING


(c) Distributing or publicly disclosing the contents of any of the XING Websites or any other user, unless such a distribution or public disclosure is intended within the scope of the respective XING application, or unless the other user consented to said distribution or public disclosure, and/or


(d) Performing any actions which may impair the operability of XING's infrastructure, particularly actions which may overload said infrastructure.


4.3
XING is not obliged to serve data provided by the user and/or information to other users if said data and/or information is not in line with Sections 4.1 and 4.2.
XING is entitled to remove from the XING Websites any data and/or information that is prohibited according to Sections 4.1 and 4.2, without notifying the user in advance.

 
 5.
Changes to services and GTC 
Changes to services


5.1
XING reserves the right to modify the services offered on the XING Websites or to offer services different from those offered at the time of the user’s registration at any time unless this is unreasonable for the user.


5.2
XING furthermore reserves the right to modify the services offered on the XING Websites or to offer services different from those offered at the time of the user’s registration at any time


(a) to the extent XING is obliged to ensure the services that they offer are in compliance with legislation incumbent upon the services, particularly in the event of a change to said legislation,


(b) to the extent XING is therefore deemed to have complied with a legal judgement or decision by the authorities,


(c) to the extent the respective modification is required to eliminate any existing security gaps,


(d) if the modification is only beneficial to the user, or


(e) if the modification is of a purely technical or process-related nature without any material impact on the user.


5.3
Modifications that only have a minor impact on XING’s functionality do not represent changes to the services described in this section.
This shall apply in particular to changes of a purely graphical nature and to a change of layout and/or placement of features.


Changes to GTC 


5.4
XING reserves the right to amend these GTC at any time, without giving reasons, unless an amendment is unreasonable to the user.
XING shall give due notice to the user regarding amendments to these GTC.
If the user does not object to the validity of the revised GTC within six (6) weeks of receipt of said notice, the amended GTC shall be deemed accepted by the user.
In its notice, XING shall inform the user about the user’s right to object and the importance of the objection deadline.


5.5
XING also reserves the right to modify the GTC


(a) if the modification is only beneficial to the user,


(b) if the modification is of a purely technical or process-related nature without any material impact for the user,


(a) to the extent XING is obliged to ensure the GTC comply with legislation incumbent thereon, particularly in the event of a change to said legislation,


(d) to the extent XING is therefore deemed to have complied with a legal judgement or decision by the authorities, or


(e) to the extent XING introduces supplementary, completely new services or service components requiring a service description in the GTC, unless this has a detrimental impact on the use relationship to date.


XING shall notify users of such changes to its GTC, e.g.
via the XING Websites.


5.6
Products that are booked separately and not offered within the scope of a continuing obligation (e.g.
booking ads or posting events) are subject to a separate agreement for which additional terms and conditions will be explicitly displayed prior to booking.
The corresponding contractual terms and services can be modified for future bookings irrespective of the service modification requirements stipulated here.


5.7
The user’s right to cancellation pursuant to Section 7 remains unaffected in the event of modifications to services or GTC governed by this provision.

 
 6.
Fees, billing, invoicing, payment terms 
General


6.1
The user can settle invoices using the payment methods offered by XING.
If XING is unable to collect any fees from an account designated by the user due to lack of funds, the user shall bear all costs XING incurs as a result thereof, including bank charges related to any debit entries or similar charges, insofar as the user is responsible for the event that triggers these costs.


6.2
XING is permitted to only send invoices and payment reminders electronically.


6.3
Provided the user does not object, XING reserves the right to switch invoices from euros to the user’s respective local currency at any time.


Premium membership


6.4
Premium membership fees are due immediately for the full term.


6.5
XING reserves the right to reasonably increase the fees charged for Premium membership with effect from the start of a new renewal period, either after the initial term or the respective current renewal period.
Prices may only be increased once per calendar year.
In such cases, XING shall inform the user at least six (6) weeks prior to expiry of the initial term or respective current renewal period.
Should the user not agree to this increase, they may object to the validity of the increase within three (3) weeks of notification via the contact form, letter, fax or e-mail.
The user’s submission of an objection is tantamount to cancelling its Premium membership, meaning that said membership will expire at the end of the initial term or respective current renewal period.



Please note: Section 6.5 does not apply to existing customers who registered with XING before 17 March 2014, except in the following cases:



(a) An older version of the GTC containing a corresponding price modification provision (in Section 12.2) in effect at the time of registration was already explicitly agreed to


(b) A price modification provision was already explicitly agreed to before 17 March 2014, e.g.
when switching from the old Premium to the New Premium version


(c) A price modification provision was explicitly agreed to after 17 March 2014


(d) These GTC including the price modification provision (Section 6.5) are explicitly agreed to from 17 March 2014 (e.g.
when taking out Premium membership).


This price modification provision (Section 6.5) shall apply without limitation to new customers as of 17 March 2014.



6.6 Special provisions regarding the payment methods offered by XING

If the user opts for a Premium membership, chooses credit card as the applicable payment method, and pays with his Mastercard or Visa Card (not American Express), the following special provisions shall apply:


(a) Party to the contract are both XING SE and XING S.à r.l.
who are jointly and severally liable towards the user.
This means, inter alia, that the provision of a service by one party fulfils the contractual obligation of the other.
Events such as contestation, termination or withdrawal of the contract by the user, default or impossibility of performance or any other event listed in Section 425 (2) of the German Civil Code (BGB) will take effect for and against both parties.


(b) XING SE and XING S.à r.l.
do not form one company but act for themselves respectively.
XING SE and XING S.à r.l.
exclusively act in their own name vis-à-vis the user unless expressly stated otherwise.


(c) Even though XING SE and XING S.à r.l.
are both entitled to claim payment in the full amount from the user, the user is of course only obliged to make such payment once.
The user must, however, bear in mind that they are not entitled (notwithstanding Section 428 sentence 1 of the German Civil Code) to make payment at their discretion to either XING SE or XING S.à r.l., but that they are required to exclusively make payment to the party demanding payment from them (unreal joint creditors, Section 428 sentence 1 of the German Civil Code).
To this end, the user only needs to follow the instructions on the XING Websites.


(d) The user’s contact person for all questions regarding their membership or the XING Websites is exclusively XING SE.
The contact details can be found on the XING Websites.


If a user opts for a non-paid membership or chooses to pay for their Premium membership with a payment method other than Mastercard or Visa Card, only XING SE becomes a party to the contract (in this case the name “XING” in these GTC refers exclusively to XING SE).
The special provisions regarding the joint and several liability and joint creditors in case of payment by Mastercard or Visa Card do not apply.

 
 7.
Term, termination of contract, sanctions, reimbursement of advance payments 
General


7.1
Unless specifically precluded by separate terms and conditions regarding the term and termination of individual applications or XING memberships, the contractual relationship may be terminated by either party at any time.


Unpaid membership


7.2
XING and the user may terminate free membership at any time without cause.
In order to protect the user from unauthorised deletion of their user profile by third parties, XING may perform an identity check upon termination, e.g.
by requesting the username and an e-mail address registered on the XING Websites.


Premium membership


7.3
Premium membership shall run for the initial term selected by the user during the upgrade process.
After this term, the Premium membership will be renewed by a term of the same length as the initial term, unless terminated in due time by the user or XING.
The user and XING may each terminate Premium membership without cause to the end of the initial term selected by the user during registration process, or to the end of any renewal period after said minimum term expires, by serving notice of three (3) weeks via the contact form, letter, fax or e-mail.
If Premium membership has been terminated, the user is entitled to retain free membership until this membership is terminated, meaning that the additional and advanced Premium membership features will no longer be available.


Cancellation and suspension for good cause


7.4
Even if separate terms and conditions regarding term and cancellation are in place, both parties are entitled to immediate extraordinary termination for good cause at any time.
Extraordinary termination for good cause is defined as an event which makes it unacceptable for the terminating party to continue the agreement until the end of the termination period, taking into account all circumstances of the individual case and weighing up the interests of both parties.
A good cause for XING includes any of the following events:


(a) If the user fails to comply with any applicable legal provisions


(b) If the user breaches a contractual obligation


(c) If the reputation of the services offered on the XING Websites is substantially impaired by the online presence of the user (if, for example, it is discovered after registration that the user has been convicted of a criminal offence, and if said conviction is known to other users)


(d) If the user promotes any communities or associations, or any of their methods or activities, which are under surveillance by authorities responsible for public safety or the protection of minors


(e) If the user causes harm to any other user(s) or


(f) If the user is a member of a religious sect or a denomination that is controversial in Germany.


7.5
In the event of a good cause in accordance with Section 7.4 and notwithstanding XING’s right to terminate the contract in accordance with Section 7.4, XING is entitled to


(a) delete contents posted by the user


(b) block the user’s access to the services on the XING Websites or to individual applications, or to


issue a warning.


7.6
The user's right to claim reimbursement of any advance payments upon termination shall be excluded unless the user has terminated the agreement for good cause attributable to XING.
In the following cases, the user shall not be entitled to claim reimbursement of any advance payments:


(a) If XING has terminated the contract for good cause 

(b) If XING has blocked the user’s access in accordance with Section 7.5

 
 8.
Responsibility for the user’s content, data and/or other information, availability 
8.1
XING does not accept any responsibility for any content, data and/or information provided or made available by users of the XING Websites on any external websites linked to them.
In particular, XING does not warrant that said data and/or information is true or accurate, nor that it fulfils or serves any particular purpose.


8.2
The user may report any activities of any other user which violate applicable laws and/or any of these contractual terms (including the use of pseudonyms or false identities).


8.3
XING is not obliged to prohibit third parties from saving data or content that is or was publicly available pursuant to the GTC, XING Privacy Policy or user settings.


8.4
XING merely provides the user with a platform and is not involved in the content of communication between users.
This does not apply if XING moderates a group.
If users enter into agreements with one another via XING Websites, XING shall not be a contracting party to said agreements.
Users are solely responsible for the execution and/or fulfilment of agreements they enter into with one another.
XING shall not be liable for breaches of duty in relation to agreements entered into between users.


8.5
The user acknowledges and agrees that it is technically impossible to achieve 100% availability of the XING Websites.
XING shall nonetheless endeavour to keep XING Websites available without interruption.
Events related to maintenance, security or capacity requirements, and/or events beyond XING’s control (e.g.
disruptions to public communications networks, power failures, etc.), may result in malfunctions of or temporary interruptions to the service provided on XING Websites.

 
 9.
Liability of XING 
9.1
XING shall be liable without limitation for damages resulting from injury to life, limb or health which occur due to a breach of duty by XING or one of its legal representatives or vicarious agents.
XING shall also be liable without limitation for damages owing to a lack of a characteristic warranted by XING or due to malicious conduct by XING.
In addition, XING shall be liable without limitation for damages due to intent or gross negligence by XING or one of its legal representatives or vicarious agents.


9.2
Apart from the cases set out in sections 9.1 and 9.3, XING’s liability shall be limited to typical foreseeable contractual damages in the event of a breach of any of its cardinal contractual duties due to slight negligence.
Cardinal contractual duties are an abstract description of those obligations whose fulfilment is indispensable for the proper implementation of an agreement and on whose fulfilment the contracting parties can usually rely.
Any other liability on the part of XING is excluded.


9.3
Liability pursuant to the German Product Liability Act shall remain unaffected.

 
 10.
Data protection 
10.1
Personal data is only collected, processed and/or used if the user grants consent to do so or if permitted by law.
XING uses personal data to the extent permitted by law, in particular to fulfil its contractual obligations vis-à-vis users.
XING provides the user with a range of customised features, i.e.
XING serves the user certain information, offers, recommendations and services, and promotes interaction within the user’s network based on collected data.
In order to render these services, XING needs to process and use the user’s personal data.


10.2
XING provides users with the option of sending their personal data, in whole or in part, to other users, or to prevent other users from viewing their data.
Such data is sent at the user’s own risk.

 
 11.
Applicable law, place of jurisdiction, miscellaneous 
11.1
XING is permitted to commission sub-contractors, but remains responsible for fulfilling its duties.


11.2
XING is permitted to transfer rights and duties to third parties, in whole or in part.


11.3
Unless revoked by the user, the user agrees that XING may transfer the contracts, in whole or in part, with users who registered with a Swiss address, to XING Switzerland GmbH, Gartenstrasse 25, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland, to facilitate billing in the user’s local currency.


11.4
Unless otherwise governed by these GTC, XING may send notices to the user by e-mail, fax or letter.
XING may also send declarations to the user’s XING inbox which forms an integral part of the user’s XING membership.


11.5
We do not participate in dispute resolution procedures handled by dispute resolution bodies.


11.6
The place of performance under these GTC shall be XING SE's main place of business.


11.7
Place of jurisdiction for merchants within the scope of the German Commercial Code (HGB) shall be the main place of business of XING SE.


11.8
These GTC and the contractual relationship shall be governed by German law, excluding international private law and the provisions of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods that have been adopted by German law.


11.9
These GTC are available in English, German, French and Spanish.
In the event of any contradiction between the different language versions of these GTC, the German version shall take precedence.

 
 B.
Additional terms for using the events platform 
On its events platform, XING provides its users with the opportunity to plan, organise and advertise private or commercial events, meetings, celebrations, get-togethers, conferences, virtual events, etc.
(hereinafter referred to as "events"), to register people for events, and to sell tickets and other products and services and to have them billed by XING (users who organise events shall hereinafter be referred to as "organiser").
XING may also offer organisers other related services.


Conversely, XING provides its users with the opportunity to attend such events and purchase tickets and other related products and services (participating users are hereinafter referred to as "participant").


XING reserves the right to charge fees for certain services in connection with the events platform.


These additional terms and conditions for the use of the events platform supplement the General Terms and Conditions for using the XING service.

 
 1.
Conditions of use, conclusion of contract and warranties upon conclusion of contract 
1.1
The contractual obligation pertaining to events and buying/selling tickets is only entered into between the organiser and the participants.
In this regard, XING acts solely as a commercial representative or agent acting on behalf of and for the account of the organiser and processes the purchase agreement on the organiser’s behalf.
For this reason, XING excludes all liability should the organiser go into administration or if an event is cancelled.


1.2
Information about the respective event, number of available tickets, ticket prices and payment methods is based entirely on the settings adopted by the respective organiser when posting an event on the XING Website.
XING has absolutely no influence over these settings, and the organiser is responsible for ensuring that the settings used are correct.


1.3
The organiser may implement their own additional terms and conditions for an event they organise.
XING has absolutely no influence in that regard.


1.4
An uploaded event that offers tickets, states the number of available tickets, ticket prices, and payment methods constitutes an offer to conclude a purchase agreement.
The participant enters into a purchase agreement by clicking on the respective button on the ticket order form.
Valid acceptance of the offer by participants is contingent upon their completing all of the mandatory fields on the ticket order form.
Immediately after entering into a purchase agreement, the participant shall receive an e-mail to confirm conclusion of the purchase agreement.
The participant is obliged to inform XING if they do not receive this confirmation e-mail at all or in good time.


1.5
XING is permitted to cancel a participant’s order (unilateral right of cancellation) if the participant breaches the terms of the event stipulated in advance by the organiser or XING, or if the participant attempts to circumvent said terms.
A declaration of cancellation may also take place implicitly by means of crediting the paid fees.
Section 350 BGB does not apply.


1.6
The organiser grants XING permission to only send invoices to participants in electronic form.

 
 2.
Right of withdrawal for consumers 
Right of withdrawal


You may withdraw from your contractual agreement with XING in writing (e.g.
by letter, fax or e-mail) within fourteen (14) days without stating a reason.
The two-week period begins upon receipt of these instructions, but not before the contract has been executed, and also not prior to fulfilment of our informational duties as per Article 246 Section 2 in connection with Section 1 (1 and 2) EGBGB, as well as our duties as per Section 312g (1) line 1 BGB in connection with Article 246 Section 3 EGBGB.
You can withdraw from the contract by sending timely notification to:


XING Events GmbH
Sandstr.
33
80335 Munich
Germany
Fax: +49 89 552 73 58 10
E-mail: info@xing-events.com


Consequences of withdrawal


In the event of a valid withdrawal, services and fees provided by both parties are to be returned, and any economic advantages gained (e.g.
interest) are to be repaid.
If you are not able to return the services and utilisation (exercised benefits) rendered fully or in part, or only in a lesser form, you are obliged to reimburse us for the value lost.
This can mean that you are required to fulfil the contractual payment obligations for the time period until withdrawal.
Obligations to reimburse payments must be fulfilled within 30 days.
This period begins for you when you send your contract withdrawal, for us when we receive it.


Additional information:


Your right of withdrawal lapses before the end of the right of withdrawal period if the contract has been completely fulfilled to the satisfaction of both parties before you exercise your right of withdrawal.


- End of right of withdrawal -


Exclusion of right of withdrawal:


The right of withdrawal does not exist if, when entering into a legal transaction, you act in exercise of your trade, business or profession and are therefore deemed to be an entrepreneur (Section 14 BGB).


The right of withdrawal vis-à-vis XING does not apply to agreements you enter into with third parties, i.e.
where XING is not legally involved.
Any such rights of withdrawal may only be brought against the respective third party, which is why there is no right of withdrawal vis-à-vis XING when purchasing tickets on the events platform.


Other additional information:


You expressly agree that we will start to render the service before the end of the withdrawal period.


You are required to pay the fees agreed for services we render up until the time you withdraw from your contract.
  
 3.
Obligations of the user and special provisions for users 
Terms for participants


3.1
Ticket delivery, loss and complaints


(a) Immediately after receipt of payment or after ordering (only when buying tickets on account), XING will send a purchased ticket to the physical or e-mail address the participant entered during the order process unless an alternative option was agreed (e.g.
ticket collection at the venue).


(b) The participant is responsible for checking that the received tickets are correct, and for arranging any amendments by XING in good time before the event takes place.


(c) The participant may request electronic tickets be sent again at any time.


(d) XING shall not replace any tickets sent to the participant by post which the participant has lost or destroyed.


3.2
Return of tickets, reimbursement of purchase price


(a) If an event is cancelled or postponed, the participant’s right to return a purchased ticket depends on the law as well as any agreements entered into between the participant and the organiser.


(b) If the participant is entitled to return a ticket, XING shall reimburse the participant for the ticket price agreed on between the participant and the organiser (in particular any applicable cancellation fees) within fourteen (14) days of receipt of the returned ticket should XING not have already reimbursed the organiser for the ticket fees.
If XING has already reimbursed the organiser for the ticket fees, the participant cannot demand a reimbursement from XING.


Terms for organisers


3.3
General requirements


(a) The organiser is obliged to correctly and sufficiently inform participants with regard to any cancellation or return rights.
The organiser is obliged to provide terms and conditions should it be legally required to do so.


(b) If an event is cancelled for which tickets are or were sold, or if the time, date, venue or other major factors were amended, the organiser shall inform XING about said amendments immediately after gaining knowledge thereof.


(c) The organiser assures XING that (i) there is no agreement or other arrangement in place between the organiser and a venue, nor with the promoter or operator of a venue, nor with a third party which can limit or prevent the organiser from procuring the events platform services as defined by these GTC.
(ii) upon conclusion of this agreement, the organiser is permitted and authorised to commission XING with advertising and selling tickets as defined by these GTC.
(iii) the organiser is entitled to hold or advertise the event offered on the XING Websites.
and (iv) the organiser is not aware of any reason preventing an event from being held.
Upon request, the organiser is obliged to prove to XING that they have complied and comply with the assurances in this section.


(d) For the term of this agreement, the organiser commissions and authorises XING, acting as representative on behalf of and for the account of the organiser, to publicly sell tickets to events which the organiser organises, plans or offers in any other way via the XING Websites, and to handle payment transactions with participants and/or their respective credit institutions, and to send tickets to participants.


(e) The organiser is responsible for paying the VAT or any other taxes arising from ticket sales.


3.4
Ticket prices and fees


(a) The organiser is at liberty to determine the base price for tickets.
The organiser is entitled to receive the base price if the fees set out in Sections 3.4 (b) to 3.4 (f) are added to the base price and charged to the participants.
When selecting ticket prices, the organiser can choose whether these fees should be added to the base price.
This only applies to the indicated ticket price as the organiser is always charged these fees.


(b) XING shall receive a fee (“ticketing fee”) from the organiser based on the current valid price list for handling the ticket payment process and for the organiser’s use of the XING Websites.
This ticketing fee shall also be due if tickets are collected and paid for at the venue.


(c) If XING offers to send tickets by post and the organiser accepts this offer, XING shall receive a fee (“delivery fee”) from the organiser for sending tickets by post.
The delivery fee is based on the current valid price list.


(d) Other fees based on the current valid price list shall, in particular, include the sale and delivery of merchandising, supplementary products and services, and in the event that tickets are to be refunded.


(e) If an event is not held for reasons for which XING is not responsible, the fees for the services rendered by XING shall still be due.


(f) If any fees for services rendered by XING do not appear in the price list, they shall be listed on the XING Websites upon use of the respective services.
Unless governed otherwise, the abovementioned fees shall be subject to the current valid rate of VAT.


3.5
Refunds


(a) If an event is cancelled or if tickets are legitimately returned by the participant due to some other change to the event, the organiser commissions XING to reimburse the participant for the amounts paid to acquire (an) event ticket(s), including any fees, within fourteen (14) days as stipulated in Section 3.4 (a).
The organiser authorises XING to reimburse such amounts on behalf of and for the account of the organiser.


(b) As set out in the current valid price list, the organiser shall also pay XING an additional cancellation fee per ticket for handling reimbursements as per Section 3.5 (a).
Following the accounting process, the organiser shall receive a statement of due fees, at the latest however one (1) year after the originally planned event date.
XING is permitted to provide interim statements, but is not obliged to do so.
XING shall pay out to the organiser any reimbursements not claimed within one (1) year of the originally planned event date.


(c) XING commits to handle a reversal on behalf of and for the account of the organiser if a ticket purchased via the XING Websites is cancelled should



XING be legally obliged to do so, or


should the organiser request or permit this.



The organiser authorises XING to reimburse the ticket amounts paid by participants on behalf of and for the account of the organiser.
As set out in the current valid price list, the organiser shall also pay XING an additional cancellation fee per ticket for handling reimbursements.
After the accounting process, the organiser shall receive a statement of due fees, at the latest however one (1) year after the originally planned event date.


3.6
Protection against misuse and fraud


(a) XING has a comprehensive security system in place that protects organisers from payment reversals, in particular with regard to tickets paid for by credit card.
In exceptional cases, this fraud protection system may cause payments to be rejected by third-party payment providers/banks or the participant’s bank.


(b) If there is any reason to suspect that the organiser is misusing the XING platform, XING reserves the right to deactivate the ticket sale function and prohibit the organiser from selling tickets.
The following points constitute reasons to suspect that the organiser is misusing the XING platform:



If it becomes known prior to the event that the event will not take place or at all or not as communicated to the participants


If the event is purported to involve illegal or immoral activities


If the reimbursement rate for the event is above average, or


If information is available that implies that the organiser is not permitted to sell tickets for that particular event.



If such a suspicion cannot be eliminated within thirty (30) days, XING reserves the right to reverse the transactions and reimburse participants for the amounts they paid for tickets.

 
 4.
Fees, billing, invoicing, payment terms 
Terms for organisers


4.1
The organiser can choose which payment methods offered by XING (e.g.
credit card, direct debit, advance payment, on account, PayPal) they would like to offer participants in order to collect funds via the XING platform.
Based on the organiser’s selection, XING shall handle the collection of payments made by participants for tickets and manage collected funds in a separate account.
The organiser hereby grants XING power of attorney to do so.


4.2
XING shall generally transfer the amounts collected in Section 4.1 less the fee to be paid to XING in Section 3.4 by the 10th day of the following month.
XING in particular reserves the right to deviate from this stipulation and retain event proceeds for longer periods of time if there is a suspicion of misuse.
The amounts to be forwarded shall be transferred to the bank account the organiser entered on the XING Websites.
Once said amounts have been transferred, XING shall be deemed to have fulfilled its contractual obligations.
XING reserves the right to pay out amounts for recurring events before they are held.
The organiser is not, however, entitled to demand this.
XING shall not accept any liability for fees incurred due to payments being returned because the organiser supplied incorrect bank account details.
To this end, XING reserves the right to bill the organiser for such fees.
Transfers to account holders outside of the European Economic and Monetary Union (EMU) may be subject to currency conversion fluctuations and bank charges upon receipt of payment.
The organiser shall bear the cost of such fluctuations and such charges, not XING.


4.3
The organiser is aware of the risk that participants are able to reverse payments with certain payment methods (e.g.
direct debit or credit card) and that they bear sole responsibility for this risk.
Reverse payments that occur following payment to the organiser as set out in Section 4.2 will be billed to the organiser plus a charge at the rate set out in the current valid price list.


4.4
The organiser is obliged to submit objections to invoices from XING as soon as possible, but no later than four (4) weeks of receipt of the invoice.
Otherwise the invoice shall be deemed to have been accepted.


4.5
The organiser is aware that ticket invoice amounts may remain unpaid with certain payment methods (primarily on account and advance payment).
The organiser bears this risk and is responsible for collecting such unpaid amounts.


Terms for participants


4.6
Credit card payments for this service are processed by:


HUELLEMANN &amp.
STRAUSS ONLINESERVICES S.à r.l.
1, Place du Marché, L-6755 Grevenmacher,
HR: B144133
E-mail: info@hso-services.com
Managing Directors:
Dipl.
Vw.
Mirko Hüllemann, Heiko Strauß


4.7
Depending on the agreement reached between XING and the respective organiser, the fees for processing ticket sales shall be added on to the ticket price and listed separately during the ticket shop order process.
The total purchase price may increase due to any supplementary products or services the participant has booked.
Any charges or currency fluctuations that occur in connection with foreign transactions shall be borne by the participant.
The ticket shop will state whether the ticket price is inclusive or exclusive of VAT.


4.8
The total purchase price is due for payment immediately upon receipt of the confirmation e-mail.

 


4.9
XING will collect direct debit payments by serving advance notice of six (6) business days.
This is in derogation to the regular advance notice of fourteen (14) calendar days.
 5.
Validity of the provisions of the General Terms and Conditions for using the XING service 
In any other respect, the GTC for use of the XING service shall apply (except for those stated in Section A.6.6 (“Special provisions regarding the payment methods offered by XING”)).

 

 C.
Additional terms for using the employer review platform 
The employer review platform provides employees the opportunity to rate their employer on XING Websites.


These additional terms for the use of the employer review platform supplement the General Terms and Conditions for using the XING service.

 
 1.
Obligations of the user and special provisions for users 
1.1
The user is obliged to


(a) Accurately describe their employer and employment locations


(b) Only submit a review if they currently work or have worked for the employer to be reviewed, or have applied for a vacancy with that employer


(c) Refrain from submitting any untrue and/or unfounded reviews and/or statements about the employer, their employees or other relations pertaining to the employer


(d) Refrain from naming any natural persons


(e) Refrain from adding any links to external content.


1.2
The user agrees that their employer review may be moved to other sections and parts of the XING Websites.


1.3
The user agrees that their employer review may be edited or shortened by XING.


1.4
The user agrees that their employer review may be displayed worldwide, also by via third-party services.

 
 2.
Validity of the provisions of the General Terms and Conditions for using the XING service 
In any other respect, the GTC for use of the XING service shall apply (except for those stated in Section A.6.6 (“Special provisions regarding the payment methods offered by XING”)).

 
 
  Privacy policy
Print | Save

Terms and Conditions on Data Protection

“XING” refers to the service provided subject to these General Terms and Conditions and/or XING SE.
The protection of your personal data is of utmost concern to XING.
In these terms and conditions on data protection XING would like to inform you about how XING treats your personal data and how you can exchange this data with other users of XING.
Additional Privacy Policies apply to the following XING applications, which you can view on the application's respective website:

XING applications
XING TalentManager
XING TalentpoolManager
XING AdCreator
XING Events
kununu (German only)
Contaxt (German only)
Lebenslauf.com (German only)
Jobbörse.com (German only)


1.
Basic Principles of XING for handling your Personal Data

XING strictly adheres to the following basic principles in the protection of your Personal Data:

XING shall collect, process and use your Personal Data in accordance with the laws and statutes on data protection of the Federal Republic of Germany and those of the European Union.
XING shall use your Personal Data solely to provide you the XING Services on the Internet for which you have registered.
XING will never pass your Personal Data on to any third party, neither for advertising, nor for marketing or for any other purposes without your consent.
With the exception of some general information about your profession you alone decide which of the Personal Data you have made available to XING in your profile may be displayed by XING to other members of XING (cf.
Section 3 of these Terms and Conditions on Data Protection).
Persons not registered with XING may only view your Personal Data to the extent that you enable and allow them to do so (cf.
Section 4).




2.
Definitions

The following terms used in these Terms and Conditions on Data Protection shall have the following meanings:


"Personal Data" shall mean all data and/or information about your profession or your person.

"XING Websites" shall mean all websites on which XING provides the XING Services.

"Social Network" shall mean the contact and communication forums that belong to the applications of the XING service.

"Profile" shall mean the XING Website where the Personal Data you have made available to XING is displayed in accordance with your specifications and your consent.

"XING Members" shall mean all registered users with a visible profile in the Social Network.

"XING Services" shall mean all registration-based services provided by XING on the XING Websites.

"Registration Data" shall mean the Personal Data you are obliged to make available to XING in the registration process for the XING Services (mandatory fields).




3.
What does XING know about you, what do you give XING and XING Members permission to do, and what happens with your Personal Data?


3.1 Registration Data

In order for the XING Services to function, XING needs to collect and process certain elements of your Personal Data in the course of the registration process.
First of all, this consists of the following data:

Username
Password



Your password and/or your username are never visible to any XING Member at any time.
XING shall never disclose or pass your password and/or your username on to any third party.
Furthermore, you will need to fill out certain mandatory fields in the course of creating a Profile, such as: 

Business e-mail account
Business telephone number
First name, last name, form of address
Date of birth
Professional status
Company name
Position (Title)
Industry
Country, state and city of your company



The following Personal Data from the Profile is accessible to other XING Members without any restrictions:

First name, last name
Professional status
Company name
Position (Title)
Industry
Country, state and city of your company



With respect to the following Personal Data in the Profile, you may choose in each individual case whether the data shall be displayed to a specific other XING Member or not:

Business e-mail account
Business telephone number
Date of birth




3.2 Voluntary Data in the Profile

If you wish, you may add more information about yourself to your Profile on a voluntary basis (hereinafter referred to as "Voluntary Data"), to allow other XING Members to get to know you better and possibly encourage them to choose you as an appropriate business contact.
At the moment, you are able to choose from the following Voluntary Data, for example: your interests, your education, companies you have previously worked for, what you have to offer to other XING Members, what you are looking for from other XING Members, etc.
You may also upload a photograph of yourself, if you wish.
The Voluntary Data you choose to enter in your profile is accessible to all other XING Members.
With some of the Voluntary Data you may choose in each individual case if the data shall be displayed to a specific other XING Member.
You can revoke Voluntary Data at any time by deleting the data in question from your profile.

3.3 Your Profile, Contact Management

The following sections of the Personal Data you have made available to XING is visible to all other XING Members:

First name, last name
Professional status
Company name
Position (Title)
Industry
Country, state and city of your company



All other XING Members may access your Profile and view the information displayed on the Profile, including such Voluntary Data you have specified to be made available to all other XING Members.
Certain XING Members may be able to access further of your Voluntary Data in accordance with your specifications (chosen settings) for the respective XING Member in each individual case.
If you send XING Members a request for personal contact, these XING Members are then saved in your Profile on a contact list.
Should a XING Member confirm your request for contact, this XING Member shall be listed as a so called "confirmed contact".
Confirmed and unconfirmed contacts shall be registered separate from one another.
Other XING Members may only ever view your list of confirmed contacts.
XING has set your privacy settings under "Privacy" by default so that your list of confirmed contacts is displayed to all XING Members.
However, you may change this setting at any time by yourself to the effect that your list of confirmed contacts is not visible to anybody at all or only to certain of your contacts, for example to the direct contacts of your contacts (i.e.
second-level contacts) or only to third-level or fourth-level contacts.
The following of your personal statistics are visible to all XING Members at all times:

Number of your confirmed contacts
Number of hits on your Profile
Month and year of your membership
Type of membership


On your profile you will find an activity meter.
This meter indicates whether you use the XING services regularly, however, it does not show any details about the way or the times you use the XING services.
The activity meter is intended as an indication for other XING members to determine how intensely you use the XING services so that the other XING members can evaluate whether you will presumably react fast on a request via the XING services.
You may suppress the activity meter at any time in the settings to your privacy under "Privacy" to the effect that the activity meter is not visible to other XING members.

Other XING Members may send you private messages in order to establish contact with you.
XING has set your privacy settings under "Privacy" by default so that all XING Members may send you private messages.
You may restrict the ability of XING Members to send you private messages at any time to the effect that either no XING Members or only selected contacts may send you private messages, for example only the direct contacts of your contacts (i.e.
second-level contacts) or only third-level or fourth-level contacts.
As you can see, XING gives you complete control over your own privacy at all times.

3.4 Your comments



You can like, find interesting and comment on your contacts' activity (hereinafter referred to as "comments").
Your comments are then visible to the network of the contact on whose activity you commented.
You can delete your comments at any time.

3.5 Billing details



If you use any of XING's paid services, XING will collect and use your billing details such as your credit card or bank details for billing and payment purposes.
If you select credit card as your method of payment and pay with your Mastercard or Visa credit card (not American Express), XING S.à r.l.
shall process your billing data along with any other details required for billing purposes (e.g.
name and billing address).
In such cases, XING SE and XING S.à r.l.
shall process your data in accordance with applicable Luxembourg law, in particular the Law of 2 August 2002 on the Protection of Persons with regard to the Processing of Personal Data.
XING S.à r.l.
shall not process your data in any other cases, including if you choose a payment method other than credit card.
To the extent required, your billing details are sent to, collected and processed by service providers such as credit card companies in order to process payments.
Your billing details are saved in order to process payments for automatic user account extensions.

4.
Visibility of your Profile to Non-Members of XING

Under "Privacy" you can set the level of your Profile's privacy at any time.
This means that you decide whether to increase your level of privacy or opt in favour of more visibility online, enabling more exposure of your profile for potential business partners.
When you register, your default privacy settings rather promote the spirit of networking.
The data contained in your profile is visible to non-members of XING and traceable by search engines on the Internet.
This, however, does not include personal contact details such as e-mail addresses or phone numbers.
If you signed up to XING before 17/08/2007 the following regulation continues to apply:
Your profile is preset to be invisible to non-members of XING and not traceable by search engines on the Internet.
You can, of course, adjust these settings at any time.
However, please note that if you do release your profile to non-members or search engines, this will automatically mean that the following sections of your registration data are displayed to non-members of XING: First name, last name, professional status, position (title), previous companies and positions, industry, country, state and city of your company
If your profile shall be visible to non-members of XING or traceable by search engines on the Internet, such voluntary data that you have specified in the settings under "Privacy" to be visible to other XING members will also automatically be visible to non-members of XING.
Finally, a maximum of four (4) of your confirmed contacts will automatically be visible, chosen at random.
You may prevent the display of these four (4) confirmed contacts at any time by changing the setting for the display of confirmed contacts under "Privacy" to any other setting than "all members".

5.
Groups

On the XING Websites, XING offers certain groups, forums and similar services.
Each group has one (1) or more moderator(s).
The moderator decides for each group whether the group is public or whether it is only accessible to a specific group of people, as well as who has read and/or write access for each relevant group.
This information will be displayed on the XING Websites for the relevant group.
It is visible to XING Members and it may also be visible to non-members of XING, depending on the settings chosen by the moderator.
Please note: where a group is specified as "public" on the XING Website and in the event that the moderator has not restricted the access rights to the group, all contributions of XING Members to such a group can be read by all other XING Members, and these contributions are then also accessible to non-members of XING on the Internet without any restrictions.
You may deactivate the traceability of your contributions to a group by Internet search engines or by so-called RSS readers in your privacy settings under "Privacy".
However, any contributions you posted on the group prior to deactivation will remain visible after the deactivation as well.
RSS readers are programs which trace updates of a website, providing the website technically supports the so called RSS standard.
Where Internet groups support the RSS standard, the RSS reader may track if, when and which new articles have been published.

6.
Appointments, Activities, Event Management

On the XING Websites, XING offers you the possibility to enter your appointments, activities and events as well as similar services (collectively hereinafter referred to as "events").
With this function you may manage and coordinate your events with other XING Members and/or with non-members of XING, and you may also invite other XING Members and/or non-members to specific events.
Each event has one (1) or more hosts (organisers).
The host decides for each event if and which information about the event is visible to other XING Members and/or for non-members of XING.
Among other things, this information may include whether the event is reserved to XING Members or whether it is a public event and as such accessible to non-members, whether the number of participants is limited, whether the guest list is visible without any restrictions or if and which restrictions should apply to the visibility of the guest list.
The above information shall be displayed on the XING Websites for the relevant event.
It is visible to XING Members, and it may also be visible to non-members, depending on the settings chosen by the host.

7.
API and data processing on behalf of users 

XING provides the XING API to selected developers and companies ("API Partners") so that they can develop and manage applications that grant users of API Partner applications access to data and content beyond the XING platform while also allowing said users to integrate external content on the XING platform.
The aim of integrating external applications is to make XING more appealing and useful to XING Members.
API stands for Application Programming Interface, meaning that the XING API is an interface provided by XING that allows API partners to integrate one or more applications on the XING platform provided they adhere to XING’s contractual terms.
XING Members are required to provide their consent before using any of the applications.
API Partners are required to register on XING and enter into an agreement with XING that governs both the rights and duties of both parties.
The API Partners are in particular required to give their consent in terms of accessing, saving and using personal data.
XING requires contractual agreements and has made technical provisions to prevent API Partners from potentially misusing personal data.
Every API Partner application that accesses the data and content of XING Members requires the prior consent of XING SE.
XING has therefore compiled a list of criteria in order to ensure that XING Member data is both safe and secure.
If an application involves personal data being processed in countries outside of the European Union ("third countries"), XING will stipulate the privacy policy required in order to ensure that API Partners in third countries maintain an appropriate level of data protection.
If you would like to use an API Partner application, you need to grant the application access to data on XING.
Depending on the application in question, a separate declaration of consent for data processing may be required.
When API Partners process XING Member data, this is performed on behalf of the XING Member that activated the application.
XING provides its members with services allowing them to process their own data and/or that of third parties.
If you activate such a XING application or service, you are responsible for the personal data processed on your behalf.
XING provides you with features for managing and, in particular, for deleting data that XING processes on your behalf.
You have the right and option to terminate personal data processing on your behalf at any time.
We enable XING members to grow their network on XING and to invite non-members to join XING.
XING members who would like to grow their personal network and who already have data pertaining to other persons can upload said data to XING.
Use of the address book upload feature involves processing of the following data which can be extracted from another person’s vCard:


First and last name
E-mail addresses
Phone numbers
Job title and company name
Location: City and country
Twitter and Facebook handle

Third parties are unable to access the uploaded data.
We save this data until the respective XING member deletes it or until the user account is deleted.
Non-members invited to join XING can click on an opt-out link provided in the invitation e-mail to stop sending further invitations or invitation reminders to the respective e-mail address.

8.
Invitations

As a XING Member you may invite others to join XING.
XING shall process personal data collected in the course of the invitation on behalf of the XING member solely for expanding their network, e.g.
through contact suggestions, and shall not use it for any other purposes.
XING will send a reminder e-mail ("automatic reminder") on behalf of the XING member to the recipient of the invitation 21 days after you send the invitation.
You can deactivate the automatic reminder feature in your settings.
You are also able to send out manual reminder e-mails in addition to the automatic reminder feature.
XING only saves encrypted copies of the e-mail addresses to which you send invitations.
This encryption is removed temporarily when you view these e-mail addresses in your XING account.
You can delete the data in your account at any time.
Invitation recipients have the right to revoke the use of their e-mail address for invitation purposes at any time.

Please note that the following sections of your Personal Data are displayed to the recipient of the invitation:

Your name
Your company name
Your position
Your e-mail address
Your photograph
Your membership status




9.
What does "Clickpath" mean?

"Clickpath" is a function of the XING Services which registers access to XING Members’ Profiles by other XING Members, to event pages, to job ads, to Business Pages, to Employer Branding Profiles or access to specific information within XING Members’ Profiles.
The information registered by Clickpath is only available to Premium Members of XING, people who post job ads, operators of Business Pages and Employer Branding Profiles, and organizers who have booked the Event Plus option for their events.
By using Clickpath you can see which Profiles of other XING Members you have visited.
You can also check which other XING Members have visited your Profile.
By the same token, all other Premium Members of XING can do the same, i.e.
they may see whether you have visited their Profile, event page, Business Page, Employer Branding Profile or job ad.
This feature is an essential part of contact management on XING and as such an essential feature of the XING Services: you are not able to deactivate this feature in your privacy settings.
If you do not agree that other XING Members may see that you have visited their Profile, you should not use the XING Services.

Furthermore, Clickpath registers which XING Members have visited your XING "About me" page which you can set up within the framework of XING Services, and which XING Members have visited the website of one of your previous companies.

10.
Search Functions

The XING Services offer various possibilities to search for particular XING Members, including a Power Search feature and a Search Agent feature.
These various search functions may assist you, for example, in finding other XING Members with similar interests.
The search functions can also help you to initiate contact with other XING Members who offer exactly what you are looking for.
Thus, you can find the contacts you need - and systematically expand your personal network.

11.
Newsletter, weekly status e-mails

XING uses the electronic e-mail address(es) you entered to send you regular newsletters, status e-mails, advertising for similar products and services, and surveys for internal market research purposes (collectively hereinafter referred to as the "newsletter"), unless you object to such use.
In these newsletters XING may inform you, among other things, about new features on XING, interesting contacts and certain personal statistics.
You may choose to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time by changing your notification settings on XING or by sending an e-mail to the link provided at the end of each newsletter without costs arising by virtue thereof, other than transmission costs pursuant to the basic rates.
Individual XING applications may enable you to unsubscribe from the newsletter and notifications.
In the XING ReferralManager you can deactivate the newsletter via your XING ReferralManager profile settings.

12.
Cookies and pixels

"Cookies" are small files that enable us to store specific information related to you, the User, on your PC or other end device while using the XING services.
Cookies help to analyse usage frequency, the number of people who use our website, user behaviour on our website, advertising effectiveness, and to increase security and tailor our service offering to your needs.
After you have logged in to the XING Services with your username and password, XING uses so-called "session cookies" in order to identify you during the course of your session.
Upon the termination of your session, the session cookie will be automatically deleted if you deactivated the function "Login automatically on this computer" during login.
Otherwise these session cookies will be permanently saved in the browser of your end device.
The session cookies will then store parts of your login data in encrypted form.
You can delete these cookies from the browser of your end device at any time.
XING Services also use "permanent cookies" to record information about visitors to the XING Websites who repeatedly use the XING Services.
Permanent cookies are designed to help us continually improve the products and services we offer you.
Permanent cookies do not contain personal information such as your name, IP address, etc., meaning that we do not generate profiles based on user behaviour.
You can edit the settings of your browser to prevent cookies from being stored, to limit the storage of cookies to certain websites, or such that your browser informs you every time a cookie is sent.
You can also delete cookies from your PC’s hard drive at any time.
However, please note that you will not be able to take advantage of the XING Services if session cookies are deactivated.
Third-party cookies could also be stored on your PC or end device when using XING and/or XING applications which are partially or entirely provided by third parties.
You can prevent such cookies from being stored in your browser by adjusting the browser settings accordingly.
XING uses so-called pixels, Web beacons, clear GIFs and other similar mechanisms ("Pixels").
A pixel is an image file or link to an image file added to the Website code but not sent to your end device (e.g.
PC, smartphone, etc.).
Pixels are largely used for the same reasons as cookies, i.e.
to analyse the number of people who use our website or, if the user's e-mail program allows HTML, to determine whether and when an e-mail was opened.
Pixels help us to check and optimise the effectiveness of our Websites, offers and advertising campaigns.
Pixels do not provide us with personal information and do not enable us to track users.
Pixels are usually used in conjunction with cookies.
If you have deactivated the use of cookies in your browser, then the pixel will only report an anonymous website visit.
We also use pixel-based and cookie-based conversion tracking technologies in order to be able to measure the success of our advertising campaigns, for example.
To this end we use technologies provided by Google, Yahoo!, Bing etc.
The following links contain information these providers have published with regard to cookies and opting out:
Google: How Google uses cookies 
Yahoo!/Bing: Opt out of personalised advertising 
NEXT AUDIENCE: Privacy information
Criteo: Information about behaviour-related advertising
LinkedIn: Advertising preferences
Outbrain: Privacy Policy &amp.
Opt Out

Facebook Custom Audience

We use Facebook Custom Audience on our Websites.
A so-called pixel is added to our site which triggers a call on Facebook's servers.
In connection with this data call and the Facebook cookies saved in your browser, Facebook is able to create a link to your person and will then send back advertising recommendations to our Websites or to the marketer of the Website.
You can deactivate Facebook advertising targeting based on your interests here.
Twitter
We use Twitter, a service provided by Twitter Inc., to track conversion and to post target-group-based online advertisements.
To do so, we implemented a Twitter tag on our website.
When you visit our website, this tag creates a direct link to the Twitter servers so that Twitter knows you visited our website and whether you performed any requests or similar.
Twitter assigns this information to your personal Twitter user account.
We are then able to serve (remarketing) advertisements based on your previous page views and activity.
The data Twitter processes in this regard do not allow us to identify you.
These pseudonyms are also not linked to any of your other personal data.
To learn about your rights and privacy options, and for more information about how Twitter collects and uses data, visit the Twitter Privacy Policy: https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.
You can also edit your browser settings to prevent cookies from being saved.
Twitter also complies with your browser’s do-not-track setting.
As a Twitter user, you can prevent your data from being processed by unchecking the “sponsored content” box available in the security and privacy settings on https://twitter.com/settings/security.
Advertising Identifier/Advertising ID
In order to track installs of apps purchased on XING we use what is known as an Advertising Identifier (IDFA, on iOS) or an Advertising ID (on Android).
These are unique, non-personalised and non-permanent identification numbers which iOS and Android assign to a certain end device.
If you turn on the “Limit Ad Tracking” option under “Privacy” – “Advertising” in the iOS settings or select the “Opt-out of interest-based ads” option under “Google Settings” – “Ads” in Android, we are not able to create a link to apps purchased on XING, nor to the potential installation of such apps.
You can delete the IDFA or Advertising ID at any time in your device settings (“Reset advertising ID”).
A new identification number will then be generated and assigned which will not be linked to the data collected previously.
We use information about the number of installs to provide recommended app providers with an indication of how effective the recommendations are.
No personal data is displayed when doing so, only the number of installs.
Interest-related information and advertising
On our Websites we also use technologies to show you information and advertising based on your interests.
Web analysis
We need to analyse the browsing behaviour of visitors to our platform in order to optimise our services.
To this end, we use web analysis methods that track XING users and third parties who visit the XING platform.
The purpose of collecting and evaluating this data is to enable us to fix bugs and, in particular, optimise XING in terms of user needs.
Our web analyses methods also provide us with figures pertaining to the number of visitors, temporal distribution, preferred content, length of time spent on a page, etc.
We use Adobe Digital Analytics as our web analysis tool in conjunction with cookies.
Web analysis is performed pseudonymously, meaning that we are unable to directly deduce information regarding your person when performing web analyses.
The cookies used during web analysis contain an ID which allows us to identify your end device’s browser.
You can opt out of our Adobe Digital Analytics web analysis at any time by clicking on the following link and selecting the “opt-out” link:
https://nats.xing.com/optout.html?popup=1&amp;locale=en_EN
Please note that a cookie is set when you click on the opt-out link.
This means that you cannot opt out of the web analysis process if you delete the respective cookie.
The Adobe Digital Analytics version we use is fully compliant with data protection laws as we have concluded a corresponding data processing agreement.
In order to comply with said agreement, we anonymise your IP addresses immediately after collection and personal data is processed within the European Union.
Heat maps
In order to make our website more user friendly, we use a system that records the activities of individual site visitors that are selected at random.
When recording such activities, any and all personal references are removed so that we are unable to link users to the collected data.
The recorded activities are mouse movements and clicks, while information about the operating system, browser, screen resolution and device type are also collected for statistical purposes.
You can opt out from this web analysis on the following page (in German): http://overheat.de/opt-out.html
ScorecardResearch
We have implemented the ScorecardResearch service on our websites.
This service collects data pertaining to browsing behaviour on the websites of companies that registered with ComScore, a leading global market research effort that studies and reports on Internet trends and behaviour.
Click here to set an opt-out cookie which means that your browsing behaviour will no longer be tracked by ScorecardResearch.
Please note that the ScorecardResearch service will commence again if you delete this cookie.
intelliAd
We use services rendered by intelliAd Media GmbH to provide our users with suitable offerings and advertising.
Within this context, cookies are used to create and update pseudonymous usage profiles.
You can opt out of this data processing at any time by clicking the following link: Opt-out/a&gt;
The following information also applies to users in Germany:

Our website uses the "Scalable Centralised Measurement System" ("Skalierbares zentrales Messverfahren – currently known as SZMng") developed by INFOnline in order to enable us to gather statistical information about the use of our website.
The objective of audience measurement is to statistically determine the intensity of use, the number of users of a particular website, and their surfing behaviour based on a standardised process in order to obtain values that can be compared on a market level.


Websites, the operators of which are members of the Informationsgemeinschaft zur Feststellung der Verbreitung von Werbeträgern e.V.
(IVW – German Information Association for Determining the Circulation of Advertising Media) or which participate in surveys organised by Arbeitsgemeinschaft Online-Forschung e.V.
((AGOF – German Working Group for Online Media Research), will have their utilisation statistics published regularly by the AGOF and the Arbeitsgemeinschaft Media-Analyse e.V.
(German Media Analysis Working Group) as well as by the IVW.
This information can be viewed on the respective websites.


INFOnline GmbH collects and processes data according to German data protection law.
Technical and organisational measures have been put in place to ensure that it is not possible to identify individual users at any time.
Data that may contain a reference to a certain identifiable person will be anonymised as soon as possible.


Every device that accesses the internet to transfer data requires a unique address known as an IP address.
Due to how the internet works, IP addresses have to be temporarily saved from a technical perspective.
However, IP addresses are abridged prior to any processing and only processed in anonymised form.
Full IP addresses are never saved or processed.


Geolocation, i.e.
the identification of the real-world geographic location of a website visitor, takes place solely on the basis of the anonymised IP address and only at a regional level.
This means that it is never possible to determine the specific place of residence of a user as a result of geolocation.


For the purpose of recognising computer systems, audience measurement either uses a cookie with the identifier “ioam.de”, a local storage object, or an anonymous signature which is created on the basis of various data automatically relayed by your browser.
The cookie is valid for a maximum of one (1) year.


In order to measure distributed use, i.e.
the use of various devices to access a single service), the user identifier may, if present, be sent to INFOline as an anonymised checksum during login.


The saved visits are deleted after a period of seven (7) months at the latest.


If you wish to opt-out of the measurement of data, please click on the following link: http://optout.ioam.de


More information about data protection within the scope of this method is available from the website of INFOnline GmbH, which operates the method, the data protection website of AGOF and the data protection website of IVW.


13.
Log Files/Mobile Handshake

Each time you access a website from the XING Websites, XING will save the following data in a log file (the so called "server log"):

The time, status, and amount of the transferred data, as well as the website from which you have reached the requested page of the XING Websites (the so-called "referrer")
The product and release information from your Internet browser (the so called "user agent").



This log file will be stored by XING in the standardised "combined" log file format for the Apache web server.
XING will not store your IP address once you leave the XING Websites.
Except for legislation regarding the storage of data, Users’ IP addresses will be deleted or anonymised once they end their session on the XING Websites.
Anonymisation means that IP addresses are modified in such a way that specific personal and/or factual information cannot be attributed to a certain identified or identifiable person or can only be attributed by deploying a disproportionately large amount of time, effort and cost.
XING uses the data from this log file in anonymous form without reference to your person for statistical purposes.
In doing so, XING may analyse on which days and at which time the XING Websites are particularly frequented and how much data volume is created on the XING Websites.
Furthermore, by using the log file, XING can identify defects on the XING Websites, such as defective hyperlinks or program defects, and thus continually improve the quality of the XING Websites.
XING does not attribute the website demands stored in the log file to specific individual users.
However, XING reserves the right to review the log files if XING has reasonable cause to believe that the member is using XING Services and/or XING Websites in breach of contractual agreements or the applicable legislation.
In doing this, XING is protecting other XING Members and users, the safety of XING Members’ and users' data, as well as XING Websites and the XING Services.
The "Mobile Handshake" function allows you to see if there are XING Members in your vicinity who are also using this function.
It allows other XING Members to find you if you have the "Mobile Handshake" function activated.
To do this, XING needs to determine your location for a short period of time.
In doing so, XING saves your position (longitude and latitude) and the point in time at which you used the "Mobile Handshake" function in its server log file.
This information is only stored while XING determines your location.
Once this process has been completed, your data will be deleted or anonymised.


14.
Minors

Membership of XING Services is reserved for persons who have reached the legal age of 18.
Parents and legal guardians are responsible for the protection of their children's privacy.

15.
Accessibility of these Terms and Conditions on Data Protection

These Terms and Conditions on Data Protection are accessible from any website of the XING Websites under the link "Privacy Policy". 
