Interest-Based Ads PolicyZappos.com uses Amazon and third party ad-serving companies to display interest-based advertising.
Interest-based ads, also sometimes referred to as personalized or targeted ads, are displayed to you based on information gathered from your interaction with our sites and services.
Click here for more information about the types of information that we gather.
In providing interest-based ads, Amazon follows the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising developed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (a coalition of marketing, online advertising, and consumer advocacy organizations).
To learn more, please visit http://www.aboutads.info.
Amazon uses cookies, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies (collectively, “cookies”).
Cookies enable ad networks and advertisers to learn about what ads you see, what ads you click, and other actions you take on our sites and other sites.
This allows the ad-serving companies to provide you with more useful and relevant ads.
For example, if they know what ads you have been previously shown they can be careful not to show you those same ads repeatedly.
Amazon does not provide any personal information to the third party sites that display interest-based ads promoting Zappos.
Also, some third parties may provide us and Amazon information about you (such as the sites where you have been shown ads or demographic information) from offline and online sources that may be used to provide you more relevant and useful advertising.

Advertising Preferences

We offer you choices about receiving interest-based ads from Amazon.com.
You can choose not to receive interest-based ads from Amazon by adjusting your Advertising Preferences.
If you choose to opt out of receiving interest-based ads, you will still see ads but they will not be personalized.
In addition to the interest-based ads from Amazon.com, we may also use other third parties to serve interest-based ads.
You can opt-out of receiving interest-based ads from third parties who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI website and DAA website.
(http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) and (http://www.aboutads.info/choices/).
You will also always have the ability to visit an opt-out page directly from any of the interest-based ads displayed in your browser.



If, for any reason, you are unsatisfied with your purchase from Zappos Retail, Inc.
you may return it in its original condition within 365 days for a refund.
We'll even pay for return shipping!
Shipping and Return Policies » Last updated: January 1, 2013.
To see what has changed, click here.
Thank you for accessing the Zappos.com Website (“Site”) operated by Zappos IP, Inc.
We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information.
To learn more, please read this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and (under certain conditions) disclose your personal information.
This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information.
Finally, this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
By visiting the Site directly or through another site, you accept the practices described in this Policy.

This privacy policy applies to the Site.
This privacy policy does not necessarily apply to any offline collection of your personal information.
Please see below for details.


We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any web site not operated by Zappos IP, Inc.
to which the Site links or that links to the Site.


INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE


1.
Information Collection.



We collect information from you in several different ways on this Site.
One goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient, meaningful, and customized experience.
For example, we can use your personal information to:

help make the Site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.
help you quickly find information, products, and services.
help us create content that is most relevant to you.
alert you to new information, products, and services that we offer.

(a) Registration and Ordering.
Before using certain parts of any Site or ordering products, you must complete an online registration form.
During registration, you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information, including but not limited to your name, shipping and billing address(es), phone number, email address, and credit card number.
If you have elected to use the Bill Me Later® payment method, you will have to provide the last four (4) digits of your social security number and your birth date.
We use this information solely to facilitate the Bill Me Later® transaction and will not store or keep this information in our files.
In addition, we may also ask you for your country of residence and/or your organization’s country of operation, so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations, and for your gender.
These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes, to fulfill your orders, to communicate with you about your order and the Sites, and for internal marketing purposes.
If we encounter a problem when processing your order, your personal information may be used to contact you.
(b) Email Addresses.
Several locations of the Site permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to: to register for a contest or sweepstakes.
to request us to notify you of new brands, new product styles, or product sizes.
to sign up for email newsletters and special offers.
or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest.
Your participation in a contest or sweepstakes is completely voluntary, so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to us.
We use this information to notify contest and sweepstakes winners and to award prizes.
We may post on the Site the names and cities of contest and sweepstakes winners.
By entering a contest or sweepstakes, you may be opting in to receive our email newsletter and special offers and this will be disclosed in the official rules governing the contest or sweepstakes.
(c) Cookies and Other Technology.
Like many sites, the Site employs cookies and web beacons (also known as clear GIF technology or “action tags”) to speed your navigation of the Site, recognize you and your access privileges, and track your Site usage.
(i) Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer’s hard drive.
Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies.
You can set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive, but if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of the Site.
We have to use cookies to enable you to select products, place them in an online shopping cart, and to purchase those products.
If you do this, we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase.
THE SITE’S COOKIES DO NOT AND CANNOT INFILTRATE A USER’S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER’S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.
Our cookies are not “spyware.”
(ii) Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on the Site has been viewed and, if so, how many times.
For example, any electronic image on the Site, such as an ad banner, can function as a web beacon.
(iii) We may use third-party advertising companies to help tailor site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf.
These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness (such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount).
Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any personal information collected by us.
(iv) As an example, Facebook collects certain information via cookies and web beacons to determine which web pages are visited or what products are purchased.
Please note that any information collected by Facebook via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any customer's personal information collected by us.
(d) Log Files.
As is true of most web sites, the Site server automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access the Site.
We may also log your Internet protocol (“IP”) address, Internet service provider, and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification, internal marketing, and system troubleshooting purposes.
(An IP address may indicate the location of your computer on the Internet.)
(e) Age.
We respect children’s privacy.
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13.
Elsewhere on the Site, you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian.
If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information to us, and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you.
(f) Product Reviews.
You may choose to submit a product review.
If you post a review, we will ask for your email address and geographic location.
If you submit a review, your geographic location will be visible to other users (your email address will be kept private).
Also, any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the Site.
We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review.
We believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information.
(g) Bizrate Reviews.
Bizrate.com is an independent company that permits shoppers to rate their experiences in visiting and shopping at online stores.
After placing an order on the Site, you may receive the opportunity to provide feedback on your experience.
This choice is optional and will not affect your order or service from us, whether or not you choose to provide feedback.
Your feedback is collected by Bizrate.com, not us, and is governed by their privacy policy, available at http://shop.bizrate.com/content/privacy.html.

2.
Information Use and Disclosure.

(a) Internal Use.
We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service.
We may internally use your personal information to improve the Sites’ content and layout, to improve outreach and for our own marketing efforts (including marketing our services and products to you), and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to the Site.
In order to facilitate such use and the other use described in this Section 2, we may share your information with affiliates under Zappos.com, Inc.’s control.
(b) Communications with You: We will use your personal information to communicate with you about the Site and your orders and deliveries.
Also, we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us.
We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary (for example, if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance.) Also, you may submit your email address for reasons such as to register for a contest or sweepstakes.
to request us to notify you of new brands, new product styles, or product sizes.
to sign up for email newsletters and special offers.
or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest.
If you submit your email address, we use it to deliver the information to you.
We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails (see the opt out section, below, for more details).
Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place, you cannot opt out of receiving emails related to your orders.
(c) External Use.
We want to provide you with excellent service and to offer you a great selection.
We do not sell, rent, trade, license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to anyone other than to affiliates under Zappos.com, Inc.’s control, except that:
(i) As do most catalog and Internet retailers, we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf.
When we disclose information to these service providers, we disclose information to help them to perform their service.
For example, in order to deliver products to you, we must share some information.
We partner with third parties (such as the U.S.
Postal Service, United Parcel Service, and Federal Express) to ship products, to ensure delivery, and so that we can obtain feedback, improve the quality of our service, and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party.
In the example of shippers, we provide them some personally identifiable information such as your name, shipping address, email, and phone number.
(ii) Similarly, to help you buy products and provide customer service to you, we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers.
When we submit your credit card number for authorization, we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information.
(More on this below in Data Security.)
(iii) In the event you have elected to use the Bill Me Later® payment method, to help you buy products and provide customer service to you, we must provide the last four (4) digits of your social security number and your birth date to the financial-services corporations processing your transaction.
When you submit this information to us for approval and authorization, we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information.
(iv) We may disclose such information in response to requests from law enforcement officials conducting investigations.
subpoenas.
a court order.
or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law.
We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect ourselves or others.
For example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use the Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud.
(v) We will not sell (or trade or rent) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business.
However, it’s possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets.
If that happens, your personal information may be disclosed to another company, but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect.
(vi) We may share non-personal information (such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page, or the size of an order placed on a certain date) with third parties such as advertising partners.
This information does not directly personally identify you or any user.
(vii) We may publicly disclose the name, city, and state of the contest and sweepstakes winners.

DATA SECURITY

The Site incorporates physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, including Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) for all financial transactions through the Site.
We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online, and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities.
Access to your personal information is restricted.
Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information.
Finally, we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware.
We believe that their security procedures are adequate.
For example, when you visit the Site, you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment, behind a locked cage and an electronic firewall.
While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee complete security.
100% complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline.

OPT OUT/CORRECTIONS

Upon your request, we will (a) correct or update your personal information.
(b) stop sending emails to your email address.
and/or (c) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account.
You can make these requests at the customer information section of the Site http://www.zappos.com/customer-service-center, or by telephoning, or emailing your request to Zappos.com’s Customer Loyalty Team 1-800-943-1633 or:
cs@zappos.com
Please do not email your credit-card number or other sensitive information.

OFFLINE COLLECTION, USE &amp.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION

As you might expect from us, the majority of information that we collect is obtained through the Site, and this Privacy Policy applies only to that online collection of personal information.
We also may collect information offline, where we also try to protect the privacy of your personal information.
One example involves someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions.
When someone calls, we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place the order or to answer the question.
When we need to store information (such as order information), we will enter it into our database through SSL encryption.
(See the Data Security section above for more information).
Another example involves faxes.
If you fax something to us, we will act upon the fax and then either store it a locked repository or we will shred the fax if there is no need to retain the information.
There are other ways we could learn of personal information offline (for example, we suppose someone could send us a letter including some return address information), and this Policy doesn’t discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses.
As we mentioned, we will try to treat offline collection, uses, and disclosures consistently with our relevant online practices.

UPDATES TO THIS POLICY

If we change or update this Privacy Policy, we will post changes and updates on the Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, use and disclose.
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated.
If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy, please contact us at 1-800-943-1633 or cs@zappos.com.
Effective January 1, 2013

 Terms of UseLast Updated: September 14, 2015
Welcome to the Zappos.com website (the "Site").
Zappos IP, Inc.
provides services to you subject to the notices, terms, and conditions set forth in this agreement (the "Agreement").
In addition, when you use any of our services (e.g., Customer Reviews), you will be subject to the rules, guidelines, policies, terms, and conditions applicable to such service, and they are incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.
We reserve the right to change this Site and these terms and conditions at any time.
ACCESSING, BROWSING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SITE INDICATES YOUR AGREEMENT TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT, SO PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE PROCEEDING.
 USE OF SITE You represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old or visiting the Site under the supervision of a parent or guardian.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, we hereby grant you a limited, revocable, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to access and use the Site by displaying it on your internet browser only for the purpose of shopping for personal items sold on the Site and not for any commercial use or use on behalf of any third party, except as explicitly permitted by us in advance.
Any breach of this Agreement shall result in the immediate revocation of the license granted in this paragraph without notice to you.
Except as permitted in the paragraph above, you may not reproduce, distribute, display, sell, lease, transmit, create derivative works from, translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, decompile or otherwise exploit this Site or any portion of it unless expressly permitted by us in writing.
You may not make any commercial use of any of the information provided on the Site or make any use of the Site for the benefit of another business unless explicitly permitted by us in advance.
We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders at its discretion, including, without limitation, if we believe that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to our interests.
You shall not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through this Site any Content, information, or other material that (a) violates or infringes the copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights of any person.
(b) is libelous, threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, pornographic, or could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under U.S.
or international law.
or (c) includes any bugs, viruses, worms, trap doors, Trojan horses or other harmful code or properties.
Content provided on this site is solely for informational purposes.
It is your sole responsibility to consult a licensed physician or qualified health care professional for advice, diagnosis, and/or treatment of any health related condition.
Submissions or opinions expressed on this Site are that of the individual expressing such Submission or opinion and may not reflect our opinions.
Product representations expressed on this Site are that of the vendor and are not made by us.
We may assign you a password and account identification to enable you to access and use certain portions of this Site.
Each time you use a password or identification, you will be deemed to be authorized to access and use the Site in a manner consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and we have no obligation to investigate the authorization or source of any such access or use of the Site.
YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS SITE BY ANYONE USING THE PASSWORD AND IDENTIFICATION ORIGINALLY ASSIGNED TO YOU WHETHER OR NOT SUCH ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS SITE IS ACTUALLY AUTHORIZED BY YOU, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL COMMUNICATIONS AND TRANSMISSIONS AND ALL OBLIGATIONS (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS) INCURRED THROUGH SUCH ACCESS OR USE. You are solely responsible for protecting the security and confidentiality of the password and identification assigned to you.
You shall immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or identification or any other breach or threatened breach of this Site's security.
When you use the Site, or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically.
You consent to receive communications from us electronically.
We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on the Site or through our other services.
You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communication that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirements that such communications be in writing. REVIEWS AND COMMENTS Except as otherwise provided elsewhere in this Agreement or on the Site, anything that you submit or post to the Site and/or provide us, including without limitation, ideas, know-how, techniques, questions, reviews, comments, and suggestions (collectively, "Submissions") is and will be treated as nonconfidential and nonproprietary, and we shall have the royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable and transferable right to use, copy, distribute, display, publish, perform, sell, lease, transmit, adapt, create derivative works from such Submissions by any means and in any form, and to translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or decompile such Submissions.
All Submissions shall automatically become our sole and exclusive property and shall not be returned to you.
In addition to the rights applicable to any Submission, when you post comments or reviews to the Site, you also grant us the right to use the name that you submit with any review, comment, or other Content, if any, in connection with such review, comment, or other content.
You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the reviews, comments and other Content that you post on this Site and that use of your reviews, comments, or other Content by us will not infringe upon or violate the rights of any third party.
You shall not use a false e mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself or otherwise mislead us or third parties as to the origin of any Submissions or Content.
We may, but shall not be obligated to, remove or edit any Submissions (including comments or reviews) for any reason. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY All text, graphics, button icons, images, audio clips, and software (collectively, "Content"), belongs exclusively to Zappos IP, Inc., or its affiliates.
The collection, arrangement, and assembly of all Content on this Site (the "Compilation") belongs exclusively to Zappos IP, Inc.
or its affiliates.
All software used on this Site (the "Software") is the property of Zappos IP, Inc., its affiliates or its Software suppliers.
The Content, the Compilation and the Software are all protected by U.S.
and international copyright laws.
ZAPPOS.COM, ZAPPOS.COM THE WEB'S MOST POPULAR SHOE STORE (&amp.
design), THE SHOE STORE ZAPPOS.COM (&amp.
design), ZAPPOS, TYPE Z and other logos, slogans, trade names or words are registered trademarks, trademarks or service marks of Zappos IP, Inc., its affiliates, suppliers, or third parties.
The use of any of our trademarks or service marks without our express written consent is strictly prohibited.
You may not use our trademarks or service marks in connection with any product or service in any way that is likely to cause confusion.
You may not use our trademarks or service marks in any manner that disparages or discredits us.
You may not use any of our trademarks or service marks in meta tags without prior explicit consent. PRIVACY POLICY Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to this Site, to understand our practices.
Our Privacy Policy is available at http://www.zappos.com/c/privacy-policy. RISK OF LOSS.
OTHER TERMS OF SALE The risk of loss and title for items purchased by you pass to you upon our delivery of the items to the carrier pursuant to our standard terms of sale, which you may access here http://www.zappos.com/c/customer-service-center (and on the webpages to which that webpage links).
We do not take title to returned items until the item arrives at our fulfillment center.
At our discretion, a refund may be issued without requiring a return.
In this situation, we do not take title to the refunded item. TERMINATION AND EFFECT OF TERMINATION In addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, we may, without prior notice to you, immediately terminate the Agreement or revoke any or all of your rights granted under this Agreement.
Upon any termination of this Agreement, you shall immediately cease all access to and use of the Site and we shall, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, immediately revoke all password(s) and account identification issued to you and deny your access to and use of this Site in whole or in part.
Any termination of this Agreement shall not affect the respective rights and obligations (including without limitation, payment obligations) of the parties arising before the date of termination. INTERNATIONAL ACCESS This Site may be accessed from countries other than the United States.
This Site may contain products or references to products that are not available outside of the United States.
Any such references do not imply that such products will be made available outside the United States.
If you access and use this Site outside the United States you are responsible for complying with your local laws and regulations. DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THE STANDARD TERMS OF SALE THAT GOVERN THE SALE OF EACH PRODUCT ON THIS SITE, A COPY OF WHICH YOU MAY ACCESS HERE http://www.zappos.com/c/customer-service-center (and on the webpages to which that webpage links), THIS SITE, THE PRODUCTS OFFERED FOR SALE ON IT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONDUCTED THROUGH IT ARE PROVIDED BY US ON AN "AS IS" BASIS.
WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE EXCEPT AS PROVIDED HERE http://www.zappos.com/c/customer-service-center (and on the webpages to which that webpage links).
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, DATA ACCURACY AND SYSTEM INTEGRATION.
THIS SITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES, MISTAKES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS.
WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE CONTENT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES (REGARDLESS OF THE FOUNDATION FOR THE ACTION) SHALL NOT EXCEED IN THE AGGREGATE THE AMOUNT OF FEES ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU TO US DURING THE MONTH IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE ACT ALLEGEDLY GIVING RISE TO OUR LIABILITY. TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price.
We shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged.
If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. LINKS This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties.
You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site. COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS We respect the intellectual property of others.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow our Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement. REMEDIES You agree that our remedy at law for any actual or threatened breach of this Agreement would be inadequate and that we shall be entitled to specific performance or injunctive relief, or both, in addition to any damages that we may be legally entitled to recover, together with reasonable expenses of any form of dispute resolution, including, without limitation, attorneys' fees.
No right or remedy of ours shall be exclusive of any other, whether at law or in equity, including without limitation damages injunctive relief, attorneys' fees and expenses.
No instance of waiver by us of our rights or remedies under these terms and conditions shall imply any obligation to grant any similar, future or other waiver. APPLICABLE LAW By using the Site, you agree that the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of Nevada, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and us. DISPUTES Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of the Site, or to any products or services sold or distributed by us or through Zappos.com will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify.
The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement.
There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited.
However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these Terms of Use as a court would.
To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent CSC Services of Nevada, Inc., 2215-B Renaissance Drive, Las Vegas, NV 89119.
The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes.
The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules.
We will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.
Likewise, we will not seek attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.
You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.
We each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action.
If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial.
We also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights. SEVERABILITY If any these provisions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed several and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision. OUR ADDRESS Please send any questions or comments (including all inquiries unrelated to copyright infringement) regarding this Site to:
Zappos IP, Inc., 400 E.
Stewart Avenue, Las Vegas, NV 89101


If, for any reason, you are unsatisfied with your purchase from Zappos Retail, Inc.
you may return it in its original condition within 365 days for a refund.
We'll even pay for return shipping!
Shipping and Return Policies »